My College Living Situation

Author: Kinglear07

*000*2019-06-17 16:17

Hello everyone! This is my first try at writing a story, I have a bunch of ideas on my mind after reading some for so long. So if you all like what I write, I fully intend to keep writing!

FULL DISCLOSURE: There is going to be plenty of wetting, but there will also be plenty of messing. Moreover, I plan to make this story more and more sexual as it goes on. If Messing or Sexual themes are not your vibe, please feel free to move on and go about your day. If not, I do hope you enjoy!

My name is Alex, and I am going to be a senior this upcoming year at college. I have been a member of a fraternity for the last three years, I am in the school of journalism, and I have made quite a few friends. Sadly, I have been single my whole time here at college, but it is not that big of a deal. The random hookup here and there, but they are truly few and far between. Now, what else you should know about me is obviously the reason I am here; my fetish. Like many others, I am absolutely enamored with girls being desperate to use the bathroom.

It can be anything; pee, poo, making it, not making it, diapers, "fake accidents", intentional, truly anything. Up until now, It has always been a pipe dream to be in a situation where a girl was desperate. There have been a few close calls, like driving my friends around and a girl needed to go, or instances at parties, but I have never made my desires public to anyone, and I have never creeped on girls to make it happen. That is, until one day I got a great idea...

So one thing you should know, my family is very well off. I mean very. I have been extremely fortunate my whole life, I have never had to struggle for much financially, and my family has enjoyed a comfortable lifestyle. I would not say I am spoiled though, because my parents raised me right and taught me the value of hard work. But be that as it may, they fully paid for my school, car, food, you name it. I never flaunted it in front of my friends, but they all knew I was well off.

But to get to the point; because my family has alot of money, they have always paid for my housing. I was never picky though; freshman year I stayed in the freshman dorm, sophomore year I stayed in a suite with friends, and junior year I even lived in the fraternity house. But this is my last year of college, and I hatched an idea. If I asked my family to pay for an off campus house for the year, they would not bat an eye. Obviously you might assume I mean only my portion of the rent, but I am going to have my family just give me the cash for a year's worth of rent for a whole house. Do you see where I am going with this? I want to pay for a full, nice house, and see if I can get some female friends to live with me, for free, but with a couple of stipulations... nothing illegal or non-consensual of course, I'm not a monster!! But I think you're starting to get the idea...

So in order for this to work, I hatched a plan. First, I got the house. It is perfect; right off of campus, massive, five bedrooms, nice kitchen, three bathrooms, and all the space a college student could possibly want. Yes it is expensive to rent, a couple thousand dollars a month. Normal college students definitely could not afford it even splitting it five ways, but it is no problem at all for me. Second, I needed to pick my room mates. This I had to do very methodically; I could not just walk up to someone and say "hey, want to live with me for free for a year?" They would think I was crazy! So naturally, I needed to pick some friends. But I needed to pick people that would be open to my stipulations... and I have NO idea if anyone even would be open to trying this fetish, let alone doing so for a year for free rent.

So what I ended up doing was this; I started with one. I have a really good friend, Milly. Shes about 5'9, long beautiful brown hair that she usually just wears down, and shes smart as all get out. Shes got average B to C cup boobs, but a HUGE perfect ass that guys will never fail to stare at as they walk by. We hooked up once freshman year, but ever since we have just been really close friends. We hang out a ton, and I have always wanted to share more of my life with her, but we usually each went our own ways in terms of romance. In any case, I have always thought she might be into desperation and things of that nature.

There has been more than one occasion where I have seen her sprinting to the bathrooms after class, and she is very casual about her bathroom habits. She has told me before "Alex, I have to pee so bad, can you get me home?" or "I have to go so bad but I don't want to get up." Now each time I have always tried to stay neutral, but my desires always seem to make me more interested in her situations than your average person. She may have picked on that fact too though. Before, this may have been a problem, but now i can use it to my advantage. My plan is this; I am going to pick the perfect opportunity to talk to Milly, discuss with her my living accommodations, and tell her the whole story. I figure i'll just go for broke. If one of my best friends who I am pretty sure is into desperation won't go for it, no one will!

As it so happens, I found my perfect opportunity the next day. Her and I were leaving class together when I saw the perfect opening. Milly was wearing a red tank top with a flannel over it, and plain black leggings.

"Ugh Alex I need to pee so bad, it is ridiculous"

"Gees Milly, what is this, the fifth time this month? Do you have a small bladder or do you just like being desperate to go??"

"Oh hush, you have no idea what I go through!" she said with a wink. "I'll just hit the toilet quick then we can go..."

"Wait, before you do I want to show you something, we don't have alot of time before class and it is close by"

Milly thought about it for a second before saying... "Ugh fine, I can hold it a little bit longer, but we should hurry!"

"Gotcha!"

I couldn't believe it; I even got her to go this far! We quickly walked to the house I got for next year, it was only a five minute walk from class. By the time we got there, Milly was definitely in a bit of trouble, desperation wise. She walked slower than me and had a funny little jiggle every few steps, but nothing too out of the ordinary. She did keep smiling at me on the way over though, and she even caught me looking down at her crotch as she had to hold herself for a second.

"Why are we stopping Alex, what is so important we had to walk all the way over here now"

"Oh I just wanted to show you where I was living next year!"

"HERE?! Alex this place is massive! I know your family has money but damn, this much?? Who all is living here?? And hoe much is gonna cost you??"

"Well, here's the thing... I need four room mates"

"Alex I would love to live here but you know I can't afford something like this. Besides, would living together even be a good idea?"

She is really starting to dance in place, and she shoots me a knowing glance... I think I am in! So I go for broke--

"Well Milly, I have a plan. I will pay for all the rent for you and whoever else lives here, you won't have to pay a dime."

"Wait what?? Really?? What's the catch??"

As she asked what I knew what was coming next, I grabbed her and pulled her close to me"

"Alex what are you--

"Milly, the catch is this. I think you like to hold your pee. I think you like being desperate, and I think you know exactly what I am talking about.

She took a step back, and I watched her process what I just. I kept giving her that knowing look we had been sharing for the past 20 minutes, but she looked like she was about to slap me in the face. I dropped my look, was about to walk away when...

"How did you know Alex"

I was elated! But I did not blow my chance-- "Because I share in your likes, and I was looking for exactly the vibes you were giving off"

"So you know that i... you like to..." she stammered as she tried to put thoughts together while still on the brink of peeing herself.

"Shh. Yes, I know, and I like what you like. And what I am telling you is, you can live here, with me, rent free, for all of our last year, under this one set of conditions, and they all revolve about what you are about to do"

"She took another step closer to me as I took a step closer to her. We shared that same knowing glance one last time before the beginning of the best year of my life was upon us. I am not sure if she ever had truly wet herself before, but I could tell she was about to now, and there was no turning back.

"Alex..." her voice trailed off as she started to pee. We both were mesmerized as to what was happening. I could see the utter bliss on her face as she let it all go into her dark leggings. I looked down and saw the faint streaks go down her legs and onto the pavement. It was broad daylight, but nothing could be seen from too far away due to the black leggings. I of course sprung a rather um... hard problem... but I kept my composure just long enough. Milly finished peeing, and looked at me.

"I cannot believe I just did that!" She said in a whisper. "Alex, I can't even process what is going on, oh my god. I have wanted to do that for so long, but I always thought I was SO weird!! And you like it too?? This changes everything!!

"Yes Milly, I happen to love when a girl is desperate, pees herself, or even more..."

"More?" She shot me knowing glance one more.

"Yes more, and i will tell you all of it right now, if you agree to live with me next year!"

"Wait oh shit that's right! You're really ok with paying to live here for you AND me?? Wait who else is going to live here? And what is the rest of the catch you were going to say?

"Here it is Milly. This is going to be our last year at college, so I decided on something; I want it to be the best year of my life. In order for that to happen, I need to be with all of my friends obviously, but I also need to indulge in something I have never been able to... this" and I point down to her legs.

"So what you're telling me is, I can live here with you for free as long as I keep doing this?"

"Yes, and more"

"More... how much more?"

"I mean, I want you and whoever else that is going to live here to follow a simple but strict set of rules. I want to see you be desperate, I want to see you pee yourselves, and I want to see you mess yourselves"

"oh, so you really did mean more"

"Yes I did. So there it is Milly. What do you think"

"She stared at me and off into space for a long time as she thought about it. I started to get worried even.

"Ok Alex, you have a deal. It may go against my better judgement, but this new revelation we just had is too incredible to pass up!"

"Really, oh Milly that is great!!!"

We each gave each other a big hug as we laughed. I felt the wetness of her leggings against my legs and I was in heaven. I am also positive that she felt whaat was going on in my pants, and she gave me a big smile as we let go.

"Man Alex you weren't kidding, you really do like it!"

"I do! Oh, and one more thing..."

"Yes?"

"I need your help in finding four other willing room mates to par take in this adventure" I said as I shrugged and smiled

"Alex!" She smiled, yelled, and punched me all at the same time. I had a great feeling about what next year was gonna be, and it was only the beginning...

