Short Stories by Knockonthedoor

Author: knockonthedoor

*000*2026-01-17 08:17

A/N: Sometimes I have a story idea that just is good for a one off or short story. Short for my standards anyway. And so I wanted to make a thread that featured stories by me that are 2k words and under. Sort of like a challenge. As the year goes on I'd like to post new stories with plenty of different themes and scenarios to add. You can always make suggestions too. As always, I love feedback and hearing from everyone, so let me know how I did! I added the amount of tags to fit future stories that I already have planned, so they may not fit this first story specifically but they will in time.

Small Town Yoga

It seems like every town calls itself historic. Very few have any actual historical relevance. And this little town is no different. Save for the preserved brick buildings and the well kept main street, very few of the locals could tell anyone exactly what made this place historical. But one day, a small group of women made their own history. Just off main street, but not too far, there’s a large brick building. It’s on the corner, the front is rounded to meet both sides of the street. Inside there are a number of offices that do a number of different things, but one in particular is a yoga studio. It’s on the second floor, so you can see the parking lot and the row of buildings behind it.

Today the shades are halfway down. Though the large windows let in plenty of sun, there’s a special reason today. It’s Tuesday. And every Tuesday in this town, in this building, on this floor is a special yoga class. It’s for women only, and it’s in the nude.

Standing with their arms to the sky, five women were in the mountain pose. The one closest to the door was Kimberly. Everyone calls her Kimmy. A natural redhead, her thick thighs and creamy skin were as much of an attraction as her large natural breasts. She was used to men looking at her. In fact, she quite liked the attention. But it was the women in the class that stared the most. Jealous of the wonderful boobs she’d been given. Or maybe they were jealous of her ability to take home any man she wanted. Of course, Kimmy was an officer of the law in this small town. Maybe they were just mad about a parking ticket she’d given them.

Next to her was a much shorter woman. At least, a woman of average height. Kimberly was five and a half feet tall after all. Theresa was her name. Stout, she had broad shoulders. Her boobs were smaller than Kimmy’s, but not by much. With her curly black hair and round face, she was a little plump, but might have been the cutest of the bunch. Her only negative was that she was a bit shy, evidenced by her full bush, as black as her hair.

In front of her was Danelle. Having moved from the west coast, she was the only one in town with any noticeable Asian heritage. As far as anyone knew, she worked in tech, though that could mean a lot of things. No one was exactly sure what she did, and Danelle liked it that way. This was the only thing she actually did in town, other than live here. An enigma. She had the smallest breasts of the group, the thinnest arms, and the smallest waist. Whether it was diet or exercise, she didn’t tell any of the other women. None of the men seemed to care, but plenty wanted to talk to her.

Next to Danellie was the most surprising of the bunch. Mrs.Pavlicek. The oldest of the group, she was also the only one married. And the only blonde. She was almost as thin as Danellie, but with slightly larger breasts. Of the group, she had the most. The nice car, the youthful looks, and the biggest home. Above it all she had the most respect of the townsfolk. Her husband held political office and was generally liked. Or as liked as any politician could be. Of course, people knew she came to this yoga studio, but some whispered that she only came in on Tuesday evenings. But what do they know? Mrs.Pavlicek doesn’t come here on Tuesdays. She doesn’t disrobe with other women, and she certainly wasn’t caught with the pool boy last year. She is in a very happy marriage.

The leader of the group and the owner of this little yoga studio is a woman named Chloe. The only one of the women with a tattoo. It was on her left side, running from the back of her hand and into a full sleeve that ran the length of her toned arm. She worked out plenty. She was healthy, and her body showed it. Her butt was firmed from her workouts, her shoulders tight and tough, and her breasts were just large enough to know that she was a woman. But with all this new age philosophy came plenty of tea. And with all her exercise came plenty of water. Chloe knew this all too well because right now she had to pee. Really, really badly.

As she led the class into a downward dog, she curled her toes hard into the mat as a wave of desperation washed over her. A deep breath. Clenching her jaw and balling her fists again and again, Chloe crossed her legs. It wasn’t enough. She felt a little bit sneak out. A warm trickle snaked out of her and snuck down her leg. Not enough to be seen by the others. But enough for small wet droplets to fall onto the rubber mat below her. Another breath. How long was this session supposed to be? Another half hour? She couldn’t. Her extremities tingled. They were cold. Nearly every brain function was focused on preventing her bladder from relaxing. Every second she had to wait seemed to exponentially fill her bladder. Her ability to wait was dwindling by the second. Chloe could feel her legs contracting towards her body. Her kneecaps touched. Anything to feed different sensations to her bladder, anything to counter the mounting pressure.

Next was the crane. Moving her nude body back to a full standing position was bad enough. Another spurt of hot piss spat out of her shaved pussy. She felt dizzy. It hurt. Slowly she lifted her leg, her bladder screaming as she did. It burned. As her foot started to connect with her knee a long stream of fresh pee sprayed out of her. She stopped. The pain of her attempt was unreal. Chloe tried to breathe. To remember what she had built. Two years of goodwill, two years of trying, two years after quitting her job for this and it was all about to end. If she could just remember that maybe she could hold it.

No.

She couldn’t. Chloe couldn’t hold it anymore. Another jet of piss sprayed out of her. She moaned to herself, under her labored breath. She couldn’t stop as a steady trickle followed. Chloe could only use her soft genitals to try and stop. They were too weak. The slow, steady, warm trickle teased more and more out of her. Chloe decided to stop fighting. Instead she relaxed. It was over.

Quickly her pussy began to spray a hard stream of piss right onto the yoga mat. The material did its best to absorb the deluge of warm clear liquid that was poured all over it, but it was too fast. A puddle began to form, saturating the sides of the mat and dripping onto the hardwood floor below. It felt good. After trying to hold it for half the class, Chloe could finally let go. But the class would need an explanation as to why their teacher just started pissing.

Stammering and stuttering, Chloe spoke over the gushing, dripping sound of her hot pee splattering the ground below. Clearly it was because she was releasing the tension of the day. Yeah, that was it. She was holding in all of the wrong doings and worries about her day and now she was releasing them without a care in the world. Unable to keep their eyes off the view in front of them, the nude class all stared at their pissing instructor as it ran down her legs and over her feet onto the ground. And no one breathed a word when she finished.

Leading the class out of the crane, Chloe’s foot landed on the sopping wet mat. A confirmation of what just happened. The tension in the air was tangible. She had just peed herself. In her own studio. Embarrassed. Ashamed. Every emotion one would try to escape with yoga. But she still had a class to lead. Maybe she could ignore it. Maybe they’d forget. Bringing her hands in front of her body, Chloe widened her stance, the mat below her squelched as she did. Bending her torso forward, she led the class into the albatross. Fear was starting to set in. Worry about her future, her reputation. Everything. But that’s when she heard it. A now familiar sound of liquid drenching a yoga mat. Chloe looked up. Now Kimmy was peeing!

If this was a way to relieve stress, officer Kimberly was all for it. If Chloe was willing to do that in front of the whole class, then it must work. It wasn’t hard. As soon as they bent forward, she just relaxed her bladder. Without a second thought, it started. It wasn’t as strong of a flow as Chloe had but it was steady, enough that she too was making a puddle. Her cream colored skin glistened as fresh pee splattered up from her mat and onto her feet. Small droplets clung to her legs as she relaxed. It was certainly better than peeing in a cup while a speeding car drove by. A story that Officer Kimmy unfortunately owned. And maybe one she’d tell later.

From the albatross, Chloe led the class into an Ananda Balasana. Now more confident in her movements after Kimmy joined her, she didn’t think twice about laying down on her piss stained mat. Rolling onto her back, the class followed as they grabbed their toes in a reclined squat. Danelle’s smaller lips spread as she flexed her hips in the pose, and she wasn’t the only one of the group. Looking at herself, she wondered what it would be like if she peed in this pose. So she did.

The third of the group to do it, Danelle relaxed her muscles and instantly felt a warm, wet sensation roll back over her crotch. Flowing backwards, her pee flowed over her stomach and dribbled down her hips. She was, quite literally, peeing on herself. Her mat was also soaking up some of her urine but not to the same level as Kimmy and certainly not Chloe. It warmed her skin as it trickled out of her, sticking to her flesh as it ran over her nude body. She found it kind of fun. At least it was a unique experience, essentially turning her body into a fountain. Just like Officer Kimmy, she found it relaxing. Certainly more relaxing than her work-from-home meeting where she had to pee under her desk. An embarrassing tale that she may never tell.

As the session came to an end, Chloe led the class towards their wind down poses. First up was the Shavasana. Letting go of their feet, the women stayed on their back but now stayed still in a star pose. They breathed in. And out. And back in.

It was during this time that Theresa figured she’d join in. She always had to pee towards the end of class and it always took away from her time to relax. Today would be different. With another breath, Theresa started peeing too.

A little bit dribbled out of her bush. It moved slowly, and ran down her skin before resting on her thigh. It was quickly followed by a slightly more rapid flow of liquid that caused the short woman to smile. Slowly, her pee forced her grey yoga mat to darken, turning almost black as her urine spilled out of her. The puddle expanded downward, flowing straight from its source. Theresa’s pee puddle reached past her thighs, creating an unmistakable stain between them. She could feel it seeping into the mat and warming her back. What sounded like a creek gently pushing itself over rocks was in fact piss pushing through her tight snatch. It was here that Theresa knew she made the right decision. It was certainly better than the time she was stuck in line at a bar, and ended up peeing in her shorts. A story that only she and Kimmy knew. And maybe one that they’d reminisce on later.

The pose that always ended class was a simple seated pose. Sitting up, each participant in class brought their feet together at the soles, their heels just inches away from their pussies. Now all but one had a wet mat, a puddle to go along with their experience. An experience that was unique to all of them, except one. In this pose, each of the women closed their eyes. One last chance to fall into the void of relaxation before class ended. As they did so, each one had their own thoughts about what had just happened, but they all figured one thing. There was no way Mrs.Pavlicek would join them. But that’s where they were wrong.

In the quiet of the final pose, they each heard a low hiss. Intrigued, the other four women opened their eyes. Mrs.Pavlicek was indeed joining them.

With their legs crossed and their feet so close, most of her piss was spraying right onto them. Each of the women that could see her also noted her slight smile. Kimmy noticed the puddle that was rapidly expanding under the older blonde. But they all knew better than to say anything. Because if you asked Mrs.Pavlicek if she found it relaxing she’d deny it. Of course she didn’t enjoy peeing with the other girls, in fact, they never even did that. And don’t ask if she’d ever been so desperate to pee that she didn’t make it home. Nothing like that ever happened. She didn’t enjoy feeling the warm piss touch her skin, and she certainly didn’t want to show up to the next class with a burstingly full bladder.

But they would show again. For this Tuesday and every one after it. In this little town that called itself historic, it now had actual history to boast about. It was the town where the newest yoga craze started.

A/N: So how'd I do? Personally I liked the concept and I tried to give each one of the girls another story that they might be able to turn into their own short story. Hopefully this teaches me how to write shorter stories, because I just can't keep doing 7k word chapters lol.

Like I said, any feedback on this story is welcome, and any suggestions you may have for other stories are welcome!

