I Think my Boss Needs to Pee

Author: knockonthedoor

*010*2021-10-14 16:54

A/N: This was one of my favorite scenes to write. Not much to add other than there is some slight plot movement here. This one is more focused on the scene itself. Let me know how I did! The next interlude will be posted on Saturday 10/16/21

Interlude 1.1:

The summer months had given way to the early fall, and a cool demeanor had begun to take over the weather. It had been 3 months after Mary-Ann’s desperate day had led to her self-discovery, and her workload had only increased in that time. She had begun to use wetting as a way to relax, a decompressor from the sometimes 10 and 12 hour workdays she had to put in. While she didn’t like to get so desperate that it hurt, she quite enjoyed the fullness of her bladder and often the end of her workday would entail her squirming at her desk, comfortably full. Sometimes she would stop by the toilet before she left, other times she would hold it until she got home. Once or twice a week Mary-Ann would throw on a pair of old panties or pants, hop into her shower, and purposefully wet herself.

Though with her recent stress, it had often become 3 times a week. She loved it. Aside from the warm sensation, and the relief that came with the release, when she did it, she felt small. It was a private retreat, and one only she knew about. She finally had a Sunday to herself, or so she had it planned. As a landlord and business owner, no day was ever completely free, but as her mortgage company grew, so did her staff. She had asked them to be ready in case she needed to pass work onto them.

Mary-Ann recounted this to herself as she lay awake in bed. The sun had just started to peak out from the morning clouds. It was a day off, and she was going to enjoy it. Already planning on forgoing her morning pee, Mary-Ann just gazed out the window for a moment. One of her breasts had become exposed while she was sleeping and she gently played with it while she thought. Her mind jumped from topic to topic, as it often did in the morning, and she wanted to plan her wetting. She hadn’t ever planed her wettings before, but it’s how she wanted to enjoy her time alone. She briefly considered letting go in bed. But the cleanup and potential stains caused her to shoot that idea down.

Mary-Ann rolled out of bed and changed out of her nightly clothes. Replacing her black panties with green ones, she wanted a color that would really show. While they didn’t match, she put on a pair of dark grey sweatpants that remained comfortable, but still hugged her sharply form. Slipping on a bra, Mary-Ann topped off the lazy outfit with an old t-shirt and a baggy sweater. She filled her gym water bottle from the tap and as she walked out the door, she had a plan.

This early on a Sunday, the roads were peaceful. There was an occasional car or truck, but the church traffic hadn’t started yet and what would have normally been a thirty or forty minute drive to the coffee shop was going to be much shorter. This was essential, as Mary-Ann was still retaining her morning pee, and was starting to feel it resting in her abdomen. She loved it. Not that she loved it enough to be in real pain. As she continued to drink from her water bottle, she could see her favorite local coffee shop standing out inside its strip mall. She parked and walked inside. Hanna was working today, and as Mary-Ann walked up to the counter, she could see the shop was mostly empty. A patron here and there, and a few other workers were scattered about the shop. Hanna seemed happy to see her. She asked if Mary-Ann was getting her usual.

“No, I’d like an iced coffee today” As Mary-Ann explained her order, she felt more and more of her urine press on her genitals, and she unconsciously began to shift her weight from on foot to the other. As Hanna turned to prepare her order, Mary-Ann began to grab a little at her crotch. With her leg movements, her need might have been a little too obvious.

“Are you ok?” Hanna asked as she turned back around

“Yeah, I’m fine.” Mary-Ann said cheerfully and smiled back. Sure, she was being friendly, but she gleaned some excitement from obviously needing a toilet and denying herself an offered one.

“Are you sure?” Hanna asked again, clearly understanding Mary-Ann’s body language.

Mary-Ann affirmed again that she was ok, and while she stuck her credit card into the machine, she was still unsteady on her feet. She took her drink and left, leaving a curious Hanna behind.

Mary-Ann tightened her muscles as she headed back out to her car. While her need was certainly greater than when she started her journey, she was still deriding pleasure from her filling bladder. She took a few sips of her coffee as she put it in her cupholder. Knowing that it would go right through her, she decided to limit her intake until after she got back to her car.

The local park was just down the road from the coffee shop; a large complex, it had an open field for soccer and two baseball diamonds. A paved path encircled the entire open area and there were many dirt paths that led up the wooded hill. Mary-Ann saw a few cars in the parking lot, but much like the coffee shop, she knew she had picked a quiet day. Grabbing her sunglasses and stepping out bothered her bladder, which didn’t like the motion it took to climb out of her SUV, and her sudden desperation caused her to clutch herself briefly. It was nothing she couldn’t hold. Walking the paved path was good exercise, a substitute for the gym today.

The lack of people, save for a few runners and a biker, gave Mary-Ann a chance to play with her now very full bladder. Putting her hand over her crotch to partly help her hold was invigorating. She was playing today, and the voice that told her to let some go won in her head. Still roughly a half mile to the dirt path she had in mind, Mary-Ann relaxed for a moment. While still walking, she felt a small dab of pee drop into her panties. It made her giddy just imagining how they looked.

Continuing down the paved path, a walker came by in the opposite direction. As they said hello to each other, Mary-Ann let go a longer stream of pee. Not enough to wet the front of her pants yet, but enough that her panties were now moist for two reasons. She felt such a rush, that person had no idea she was peeing as she greeted them. She was just another girl in sunglasses to them. She felt almost ticklish with excitement, it was a secret only she knew. Until she reached the first dirt path, Mary-Ann decided to hold it. With her anticipation mounting, she climbed the initially steep path.

She figured this was the less traveled path. The obvious bike tracks were a sign that not many walkers used this path. The banking of the incline was high on the left side, which led into the deeper woods. While there was no path there, Mary-Ann felt as though it would be harder to be seen if a biker passed by than someone walking. As she climbed the embankment, her wet panties pressed up against her sensitive clit and sent a shiver through her body. She couldn’t cum out here and she knew that, but it doesn’t mean that she wasn’t turned on. Navigating between small rocks, twigs and trees, she found a spot where she could still see the path but next to a large oak tree, she felt protected. Leaning against the tree with her left hand, she was all set to try something new.

Relaxing again was easy enough, recent practice and the fact that she had already let some go meant that even in public, with the risk of getting caught, Mary-Ann started to pee her pants. She propped her sunglasses up on her head to better observe her act; feeling a warm liquid spill into her sweats as she released. She bit down on right index finger to keep from calling out in pleasure. The dark grey fabric turned black around her crotch, and a wide streak began to run down the inseam of her right leg.

Her heart began to race. She felt her butt cheeks start to soak in her pee and the back of her legs felt warm and wet as well. Unlike her times in the shower, she could strongly smell her urine. It was unpleasant and arousing at the same time, an olfactory reminder of her actions. The streaming pee ran down her left leg and much like her right one, and started to run into her sneakers and socks. Droplets formed at the cuffs of her sweatpants and a constant stream of them poured into her shoes.

Part of her wished there was a puddle. As her bladder was nearly empty, she looked underneath her. The leaves were wet from her flow breeching the crotch of her pants and splattering the morning ground, but unlike the ground that she splashed outside of her SUV on that fateful day, there was little evidence here. Just the same, Mary-Ann inspected the damage. She rubbed the backs of her legs. They were soaked. The contrast between the dark grey of her pants and the nearly black pee stain was much more noticeable that she had planned on. It was a little cold, but Mary-Ann removed her sweater and tied it around her waist. It drooped down and hopefully covered her backside. She admitted to herself how much more fun this was than just going in the shower. So long as she didn’t get caught.

Stepping back onto the dirt path, Mary-Ann looked down again. She could hear the squelching of her sneakers as she walked, and the soaked inseams of her sweatpants left little to the imagination. Anyone who would approach her from the front could tell what she had done. She picked up her pace, suddenly aware of the consequences of her deed. She could smell her pee wafting off of her soaked pants. As Mary-Ann hustled down the dirt path back onto the paved one, she couldn’t see anyone on the path yet. If she ran, maybe no one would notice. Mary-Ann began to jog, her breasts bouncing underneath her old t-shirt. The loud squelching of her sneakers caused her to look down again and she could see and outline of wet shoeprints on the pathway behind her.

One cyclist sped past her, going to fast to pay any attention to Mary-Ann’s wet pants. There was no one else on the pathway until she got closer to the parking lot. She could see her exit, her get-away from her endeavor. She slowed to a walk, her heart and her head pounding with excitement and exertion. As she rounded the corner back to the parking lot her heart skipped a beat. Tyler was walking into the park and noticed her immediately. Thinking quick, Mary-Ann bent over as though her shoe was untied. He walked over to her

“Mary-Ann! I didn’t know you work-out here.”

“Hey Tyler, just today, wanted something different.” Mary-Ann was hoping this conversation would be quick

“Thanks again for helping me out with some of those clients recently. I don’t know how many other loan officers could have gotten that done.”

“It’s no problem, complex deals are sometimes the most fun.” Mary-Ann was still bent over

“I still owe you. Could I take you out for a coffee, or swing by the office with a surprise for the team?”

Was he trying to ask her out? Or was he just trying to secure a business relationship? It was hard to decipher. She thought he was cute, she took a chance.

“Yeah, I’d like coffee sometime soon. You have my number, just give me a call.” Mary-Ann was still bent over, but she looked up as she said that, and the ruse was wearing thin.

“Is your leg alright, are you feeling ok?”

“Yeah, just ran a little too far. Shoe problems. Tired. You know.” She tried to smile and half-stand up in a last-ditch bid to keep her secret hidden. The now cold pee stained panties grabbed her genitals. She tried to end the conversation

“I’d really enjoy a coffee sometime with you. Don’t mean to be rude, but I do have to get going.”

“Yeah, I’ll…call you Tuesday.” His eyes darted to her pants. She tried to save face

“Looking forward to it, I really got to head out though.”

“Sure, sure I’ll um..” His eyes darted back to her pants “I’ll call you. Let me leave you to it.”

Tyler looked her in her eyes and smiled warmly. They were an inviting glance. Did he even notice what Mary-Ann had done? She fully stood up. Not having time to deliberate with herself, she smiled back and retreated to her SUV. She had learned from her $250 seat cleaning experience over the summer and now kept a towel in arms reach in her back seat. Retrieving it and setting it up on the driver’s seat, she sat down. She observed her wetted pants. She touched them. It felt so erotic. Taking a sip from her iced coffee, Mary-Ann smiled. She had pleasure and might have found love; yet the day was still young.

*012*2021-10-14 20:40

{{15 minutes ago, orangelion said:

Going commando, being bottomless

}}

This describes a scene I just finished last night. It’ll be on Next Tuesday’s update

*014*2021-10-16 17:53

A/N: I feel like the writing was a little janky here, but it still conveys the change in Mary-Ann's behavior well. Next update will be Tuesday 10/19/21

Interlude 1.2:

Her heart was beating so fast it felt like she could choke on it. Every muscle in Mary-Ann’s body was relaxed. The SUV was on, but she just sat back in her seat for a moment. It was so wrong, so taboo, and so hot. It was a new experience and a state she hadn’t expected to be in. Total satisfaction, until the end.

Mary-Ann started to drive back to her apartment, her wetting playing over and over again in her mind; it felt like everything about it was perfect until the end. She wanted to deny it, but she knew she caught Tyler looking at her pants. The inside of her legs were soaked, and the stain clearly started at her crotch, how could he have not seen it? Maybe he did and he wasn’t going to call her. Maybe he did and he would tell others. What if he did, and her business network found out about it? She imagined the jokes and the mockery

Don’t drink too much of that, might end up in your pants

Staying dry Mary-Ann?

Still, and even smaller part of her argued that he might of liked it. Maybe he found it sexy or maybe he felt sympathy. For all Tyler knew, she could have had a real accident while jogging. She chose to have confidence in the fact that he didn’t mention anything, it helped her enjoy her activity more. Still slightly buzzed from the experience, Mary-Ann tried to finish her coffee on the way back to her apartment.

By the time Mary-Ann was a block or so away, traffic in the other direction had picked up. She was thankful that she could still drive at a reasonable speed, her pee-soaked sweatpants had cooled back down, as well as her socks and she was feeling unreasonably cold. Once the gate read her pass, Mary-Ann reentered her apartment complex, aware that she’ll have to avoid being seen again. She parked in her designated spot. Two of her neighbors was standing outside, one with their leashed dog. The neighbors were engaged in some sort of argument- probably over the dog, and Mary-Ann decided to sit in her car and wait. It gave her time to finish her iced coffee, and she was well aware of its effects.

Mary-Ann watched the argument carry on for some time. The occasional hand waving and expressions were amusing to her. While it was a heated conversation, it never got to the point where anything explosive might have happened, but the delay had reignited her bladder. Accelerated by the caffeine running through her body, Mary-Ann almost wanted to let go again immediately. Thinking she would have more fun if she waited until she got back inside, she decided to hold a little bit.

Eventually the one of the neighbors gave the other the finger and the argument ceased for the moment as the other decided to walk away. This was the break Mary-Ann had been waiting for; she hadn’t had an iced coffee in months as she preferred to use the coffee machine at work, and when combined with the water that she enjoyed in the morning she was feeling her desperation rise much faster than she wanted. She swung herself out of her SUV, and with her sweater still flopping back and forth on the backside of her sweatpants, she dashed up the steps to her second floor apartment. As she ran up the steps, her shoes still squeaked with cold pee. Her wet socks slid in her sneakers. If she was a little braver, she might have released more pee in front of her door, but she didn’t want her neighbors to see her or have to worry about her puddle on the concrete. Unlocking the door, Mary-Ann hustled inside.

As soon as she got inside, she kicked her sneakers off and tried to peel her soaked soaks off. They were nearly stuck and hard to get off, even harder when Mary-Ann’s need was one million times greater than it was even just a few moments ago. Past the point when many would have tried to find a restroom and as Mary-Ann lifted her leg to get her other sock off, it was getting to the point where she would normally decide to find a restroom or wet herself. Keeping her leg suspended, she tried peeling off her sock with one hand and holding her crotch with the other. She wobbled, unstable in this balancing act, but anticipating her coming release. Removing her final sock, she turned and rushed into the bathroom, clutching herself the entire way. Without a second thought she was standing in her shower.

Still keeping her hand cupped around her privates, Mary-Ann peed her pants again. A puddle began to form and spread, her clear urine splattering, smacking and splashing the shower tile. It rushed for the drain and soon her bathroom was filled with the sound of her urine flowing into her shower pipes. Rather than remove her hand like usual, she decided to warm up her hand as pee flowed through the slits in her fingers. This time, her pee stain took a much wider angle around her hand, creating a new darkened color on her thighs. It eventually connected with the old stains on the inseams of her well-used sweatpants. Her streaming pee warmed her chilled body as it ran down her legs. It felt like someone was spraying her lower half with a shower head. Her toes enjoyed the runoff. A much stronger steam, this experience died down quicker than her public release, and was over just as quickly as it had begun.

Mary-Ann’s first experience with what she would later come to know as rapid desperation excited and scared her. She could blame the iced coffee for some of it, but did her morning hold have anything to do with it? What about her finished water bottle; did that combined with the coffee cause her to be just as desperate as she had been just an hour before? It was the sudden nature that frightened her, a slow build up she could understand and manage, but this was different. It was certainly fun on a day where she was planning to pee her pants, but had this been at work, she would have had a rerun of her first real accident.

It was now that Mary-Ann realized she never untied her sweater from her waist. In her determination and anticipation to get inside and wet herself, she never considered it. She undid the knot now, and what was supposed to protect her wet legs from becoming a public spectacle had now been coated in pee from her second wetting. She tossed it out of her shower. Removing her t-shirt and bra, she tossed them over her sweater in the same pile. Mary-Ann decided to keep her sweat pants on for a while. She would use the shower to wash the pee out while she wore them. Stretching her now pee-heavy sweatpants Mary-Ann pulled up her green panties to examine her work. Save for a small horizon on the front, her green panties had grown dark; soaked through with her pee. Turning on the shower, she planned the rest of her day.

*016*2021-10-18 21:45

{{7 hours ago, dbeornssen said:

Your writing is so good, and compelling! I am of course enjoying the story itself, but I wanted to say I also really enjoy your writing style; you balance description, internal monologue/thoughts with teasing hints very well. Suffice it to say, my own work day is going to take a great deal of effort to concentrate, now!

}}

Just don't start thinking your own boss is Mary-Ann!

*017*2021-10-19 17:20

A/N: In the final interlude before the next chapter, we get introduced to a group of important characters going forward, as well as my personal favorite scene. Consealed desperation, obvious desperation, light wetting, its all in these 2K words. Next update will be posted on 10/21/2021

Interlude 1.3

“Hey Girl!”

Karenna excitedly got up front her seat and gave her old friend a platonic hug. She hadn’t seen Nia in nearly five years. Standing at an impressive 6 feet tall, Karenna’s head hardly reached Nia’s mid-section. Nia received the embrace warmly, and Karenna walked her over to their table. Normally, Caffè di Terra Bagnata would have been packed for a Sunday brunch, but the current renovations had taken nearly three quarters of the floor space up.

“Sarah, Cassie.” Karena made a hand gesture, as if presenting Nia “My best friend and superstar Nia Armstrong”

Sarah smiled welcomingly “Superstar? In what field?”

“I pla-“ Karenna cut her off out of excitement

“She’s only the forward for the Springfield Bombshells! She was like, the best player on our high school basketball team. Nia would get 20 points a game easy, and all these rebounds too!”

Karenna excitedly gave anecdotes about Nia’s high school achievements, which gave Nia a chance to study the table. She feared her white blouse and black jeans were too casual. Karenna’s red dress and Sarah’s button down blouse and business slacks gave a much more professional look to both ladies.

“…like that time when you outscored the entire other team by yourself.” Karenna was still rambling

“Oh, it was so long ago, it’s not like I’m Supergirl. Besides, that was high school- everyone does well in sports at that point.”

This elicited a laugh from Sarah and Karenna. Karenna immediately retorted “Well if they’re you, of course, remember when I tried out freshman year?”

Nia laughed, remembering the spectacle that Karenna had embarrassingly put on. She told the group the whole story, the missed shots, the wild passes, everything. The waitress broke the conversation to take orders. Karenna had already finished her first glass and ordered a second along with some wine, and on her recommendation, Nia did the same. When everyone had ordered, she took the opportunity to change the subject.

“I’ve got to say, I’m a little worried that I’m under dressed here, you all look so fantastic”

“No, you’re fine, brunch is meant to be a little casual, we’re just here to make friends.” Sarah was the first to speak this time.

“And I’m sure they don’t have the nerve to say anything anyway. Not with all of this up” Sarah motioned to the large construction sheets and supplies taking up much of the back half of the restaurant.

The unkempt nature of a construction site contrasting with the wonderful view of the bay. The waitress came back with a bottle of wine for the table. Each of the ladies except Cassie filled their glasses.

“So do you all work together, or how did you meet?” Nia was genuinely curious

Karenna was the first to respond “When you told me you were thinking about buying some real estate around here, I thought it would be a nice way to introduce you to the best title attorney in the state and catch up. Sarah has a ton of experience and Cassie I believe is shadowing her today. Is that right?”

For the first time, Cassie spoke up. “In a way, I’m looking to get into the real estate field in some way, and Sarah invited me here.”

Nia nodded in affirmation and sipped her wine. The group of ladies moved their conversation towards business, discussing what areas were currently booming, and asking both general and specific questions.

Despite the fact the Karenna had not quite finished a year in business, she felt confident enough to keep pace and even answer some questions herself. Working her mind and her new skills in real estate helped keep her mind off of her filling bladder. Though Karenna wasn’t doing much to help her coming problem; her indulgence on her glass of wine had taken half of a glass, and as the waitress brought her meal to the table, she had a third refill of her water. Nia wasn’t far behind her, having finished her first water and was enjoying her wine. She steered the conversation back towards real estate.

“So, I was listening to the Steven Warner podcast on the way over here, he was kind of downplaying a lot of the development around here. Should I be looking more towards the suburbs or rural areas?”

“I like Warner, I’m even going to his event next month, but he’s completely wrong. I mean, look around. This was a rundown waterfront. That- that was a burnt-out factory just a decade ago” Sarah pointed to the construction site out the side windows of the restaurant.

“Oh, I was interested in going to that event,” Karenna was starting to squirm in her seat. “Who’s speaking there this year?”

“The list is sort of up in the air, one of the speakers had to drop out for COIVD reasons. I hope they pick a good replacement.”

There was another lull in the conversation as the group started to eat, the sounds of conversation had been replaced with the clinking of silverware. Both Nia and Karenna finished their wine, Karenna slowing down her water intake as she crossed her legs under the table. The ache of her bladder becoming more acute. Between bites, she reminisced with Nia and told stories to the group to keep her mind off of her need.

The food was excellent, but the chance to catch up with an old friend was even better. As Karenna was waiting for the others to finish, she started bouncing her legs, fidgeting in an attempt to relive some of the pressure in her abdomen. She thought to herself that it would be rude to get up and go; to interrupt their conversation just for her need. She would wit until another one of them went.

At least one of them has to go too right?

Another few minutes past and except for few slices of toast that Sarah refused to eat, very little was left. The girls were quiet for a moment, satisfied. Nia stood up

“This was fun, but I gotta pee”

Karenna jumped at her opportunity. It was easier to make her need known with someone else prompting her. She stood up, as rush of pain flew into her bladder, she briefly bent forward in a flash. She could feel it in her back.

“I have to go too, no idea where the bathrooms are in this place though”

“They’re right around the corner here” Sarah pointed around the construction.

Karenna smiled her gratitude and the two friends ventured off to find the restroom. Nearly immediately they found a bar, with warning signs labeled wet paint all over the place. The smell of fresh paint was nearly enough to make Karenna gag. Their waitress was standing by the bar, chatting with another employee. Nia walked up to her, and the other employee excused himself from the conversation.

“Sorry to bother you, but where are the bathrooms?” Nia asked

Their waitress looked disappointed “They’re being renovated right now, I’d let you in if I could but the water’s off in there.”

“Oh. Where do you go then, could we use it real fast?” Karenna saw Nia’s desperation for the first time, as the tall women bounced her knees briefly. The waitress still sounded dejected

“I wish I knew where we could go, trust me. I’ve been looking for an answer all morning.” As if encouraged by Nia’s action, Karenna noticed the stocking-clad leg of their waitress shaking ever so slightly. The poor woman must have been trying to stay composed.

“Can we get the check then, like super quick?” Nia smiled out of a little embarrassment, knowing she was admitting how urgent her need was.

“Sure thing, one check or separate?”

“One” Nia turned to a surprised Karenna “I’ll get it, don’t worry”

Their waitress started to walk over to a computer behind the bar. Karenna and Nia headed back to the table.

“You picked up the whole thing? I’m sure we could have split that”

“To be honest Kar, if I have to wait for a split check and everyone to take time paying, I might not make it.” Nia giggled nervously

“This is worse than that time after the basketball game”

The two laughed, recalling one of the pivotal moments of their friendship. They returned to the table, giggling like schoolgirls. Cassie asked sarcastically

“Did you two get lost? We were worried you were going to stiff us”

“No I’m actually picking this all up.” Nia said, offended by Cassie’s comment. “Bathrooms are down for renovation.”

Sarah shot Cassie a glance, obviously unhappy with her comment, but said nothing. Nia broke the silence again as she and Karenna sat down

“One thing I don’t like about all of this real estate is the construction.” She pointed out the window “You know I had to park up that hill.”

Sarah took the conversation into a wider one about the benefits of construction and the economy. Karenna knew why Nia had really brought it up, and at this point, she wasn’t she if she would make it either. Their waitress came by with the check, and as the other women continued to chit-chat Karenna was silent. She was just focusing on holding her very full bladder. Under the table cloth, her hand was jammed into the crotch of her short dress, her fingers wedged right up against her womanhood. She had scooted off the chair just a little bit, pressing the edge of her chair against her privates to assist as well. Desperately, she looked at Nia, as if she could somehow help her. All the other girl was doing was preening her hair. A pretty hairstyle, a combination of braids and dreadlocks, Karenna was jealous that her friend had something to distract herself with.

The check finally came back, and as Nia was signing off on the receipt, Karenna was tense, every muscle on edge hoping to find respite somewhere. The other 3 stood and gave awkward handshakes and Nia even gave Sarah a light hug. Karenna pretended to look for something in her small purse; she was trying to figure out how to stand without losing control all over the floor. As Sarah and Cassie exited, Nia stayed, waiting for her friend.

“Can you like hurry up a little?” Nia asked desperately. She still showed few visible signs of desperation.

“Mmph…sorry.” Karenna started to rise “Just in the same boat as you”

“I could tell. You were kicking me under the table.” The two started to walk out the door.

“You don’t think they noticed, did you?” Karenna asked while slightly hunched over.

Nia held the door open for her. Karenna felt like she was carrying 100 pounds on her back, and her abdomen was tight, nearly pulling on her torso. Nia asked her where she parked, She pointed up the hill. The restaurant had been built on an old pier, and the main road was up a paved incline. The pier had a number of buildings that were just starting to be remodeled or built. The pair walked slowly, Karenna wasn’t sure if Nia was just being supportive, or just as desperate as she was.

The incline stood before Karenna, a daunting obstacle in her state. Her mind flashed back to her experience with Mary-Ann. Was this her time now? The fear of losing it in front of her old friend was the only thing keeping her water and wine in her bladder. Feeling slightly better, willing to defy her own body, Karenna took a step towards the slope. Suddenly, Nia stopped in her tracks. She collapsed her knees together and shot her hand into her crotch. She took short deep breaths. Nia held this position for a few seconds, then grabbed Karenna’s wrist with her free hand.

“I have to find a place to piss. Right now.”

“The restrooms are closed, I don-“

“That building.” Nia interrupted her and pointed to the frame of a building, just behind the restaurant.

Her hands clenching into fists, Nia let go of Karenna and started to walk at a brisk pace towards the wooden frames, and Karenna walked as fast as she could behind her.

“What if someone sees us?”

“Don’t care about that right now.”

Karenna reached the dumpster just after Nia, who had just gotten her belt undone. The tall black women had just gotten her jeans past her thighs, and to Karenna, it looked like she had already started going when a hard stream of clear piss shot out of her. Nia had obviously gone commando, and despite her unkempt bush hiding her snatch, the fast and hard pee stream was obvious. Nia reached up and grabbed the top of the dumpster to keep from falling over a she fell into a squat. Her urine smacked the pavement with a force so great, the sound must have been heard around the entire complex.

Karenna knew what her bladder was going to do. Her need always increased tenfold when she could hear another woman easing herself. Thinking quickly, she dropped her purse and reached under her dress. She pulled her red panties to the side. She listened to Nia’s strong stream. Standing right where she was, she felt her own need press against her gentles. Rather than fight it as she had been, she relaxed into it. First, just a brief spray fell out of her. Then a weak stream started down her leg before quickly turning into a spray that matched Nia’s.

Hearing the new sound Nia looked up from her own rapidly growing puddle to see Karenna standing with her legs slightly apart, her own pee splashing on her thighs.

“What happened to the shy Karenna that I used to know?”

“Hey, I didn’t really have a choice here!”

The two girls looked at each other and both sighed before breaking into a nervous laugh, both exposed in broad daylight, piss streaming out of them. Their puddles, though starting from very different spots, still created trickles that met near the shell of a building. They formed their own third puddle as more liquid traveled towards the meeting spot.

While Nia’s stream was starting to weaken, Karenna was still standing, watching her stream splash into her huge puddle. Three glasses of water and another glass of wine had filled her faster than anything she could remember. Nia had finished peeing, and grabbed a package of disposable tissues from her purse. She dried her soaked pubic hair and Karenna saw her trying to dry the inside of her jeans.

“It’s a good thing those are black” She teased Nia

“I told you I had to find a place to pee.” Nia dropped her used tissue into her puddle. She slid her jeans back over her round, incredibly fit ass. Grimacing at the cool wetness around her crotch “I had like 30 seconds. Better than the alternative” She walked over to Karenna, who was still dripping.

“At least you did better than my boss.” Nia was about to press the issue when Karenna’s phone rang.

“Speaking of which” Karenna picked up the phone.

She spoke to Mary-Ann. Nia could only listen bits and pieces of their conversation, but Karenna sounded excited. She agreed to something, the whole time keeping her panties pulled aside though she had long since finished peeing. Or so Nia thought. While still speaking with Mary-Ann, Karenna released another few seconds of pee into her puddle. The new stream caused more to splatter on Karenna’s ankles. Finishing, she turned back to Nia and mimed asking for a tissue to wipe with as well. Nia gave her one; Karenna cleaned and slid her panties back over herself. The two of them started to make their way back towards the parking lot on top of the hill. Eventually, Karenna’s conversation ended. She excitedly spoke to Nia.

“You’re not going to believe this!”

“She didn’t fire you, did she?”

“No! She just got invited to Steven Warner’s event, they want to have her as the replacement speaker! They’re flying her out in two weeks. And she asked me to go with her!”

Nia gave Karenna a hug.

“This is so awesome! I’m so happy for you!”

The two had reached their cars, carrying on a conversation about Karenna’s experience working for Mary-Ann. As they were about to leave, Nia remembered another question.

“You said I did better than your boss. What did you mean by that?”

Karenna looked a little embarrassed. “Well, I shouldn’t be telling you this, but a few months ago…”

*019*2021-10-20 21:50

As I'm finishing up chapter 3, I only have one idea for the interlude. Is there a certain scenario any of you would like to see played out?

*021*2021-10-21 11:41

{{7 hours ago, orangelion said:

How about one or more of the women wearing a skirt are desperate and take a squat. Then shortly after beginning to pee they have to stop quickly voiding their bladders because they hear someone coming. In there rush to get away from the scene of the crime they lose their panties and forced to go commando in public. Since they broke their seals they are even more desperate than before and start leaking. And so they have to hide their desperation and puddles they are leaving o from the public until they find another place to relieve themselves.

}}

Done. Though it will take a few weeks, after chapter 3, which focuses heavily on wetting. I’ll tag you once I get to that story

EDIT: I figured a way to progress the story through a scene like this. Can't reveal anything until the end of Chapter 3 though
