The Price for Relief - A Cyberpunk: Edgerunners Omovember Fiction

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2022-11-30 13:46

Greeting, all! This piece was originally written for the 4th week of Omovember 2022. The prompt I chose was "Pay Toilet".

Between the corporate dystopia setting, and a recent commission I purchased from jankyJayyy (attached below), the recent Cyberpunk anime seemed like the perfect setting.

As always, comments, critiques, and feedback are welcome. Now, enjoy:

###

Everything has a price in Night City. Depending on where you’re at in the social ladder, that can be a blessing or a curse. If you’ve got money, you can fulfill all your deepest desires. If you don’t, even the most basic necessities can be hard to come by.

When you’re an Edgerunner celebrating the completion of a big job, you could have one hell of a night.

Rebecca was doing just that.

It had been a night full of dancing, music, and a lot of drinking. The evening had worn into night. Bars were closing and even the busy streets of this corporate city were quieting down.

As much fun as they were having, the crew had to wrap it up for the night.

“Alright, I’ve got to meet someone about some new chrome tomorrow, so I’m going to try and get some rest.” Maine said, “David, make sure Becca doesn’t get arrested on her way home. We still need her for a job next week.”

“Hah hah.” Becca laughed sarcastically, “I can take care of myself. Besides, that last bar was lame! I’m not even drunk at this point!”

She finished the last of her drink and crushed the can before tossing it haphazardly into the street.

“No worries, Maine.” David responded, “I’ll keep a close eye on her.”

“Ooh, keep a close eye on me, huh?” Becca joked, leaning in close to David, “I bet you will.”

“Just watching out for a member of the crew.” David dismissed, starting to walk away.

“Geeze, you really know how to kill the fun!” Becca pouted before dashing after him.

They hadn’t walked more than two blocks before a sudden chill overtook Becca. Now that the party had died down and the adrenaline of a job well done was wearing off, she became very aware of many different sensations in her body.

She was tired, her legs hurt, and, most importantly, she desperately needed to pee.

She had been drinking and partying at clubs for hours without a single bathroom break. That was catching up to her fast.

Rebecca glanced around the desolate streets and spoke up.

“Hey, David? Can we stop somewhere? I’ve gotta take a leak.”

“Can’t you wait until you get home?”

Becca trembled and shoved a hand over her barely-clothed crotch.

“N-not really…”

They both looked around. Most of the businesses were closed. The few that were open had signs saying restrooms were for paying customers only. Neither of them had much money after the night they had.

“Doesn’t seem like there’s a lot of options.” David said plainly, “Do you just want to find an alleyway?”

“Not around here!” Becca shouted, “Places like this have cameras all over. Like hell am I going to wind up online, pissing out in the open for any old perv to watch!”

“Ok!” David said, recoiling in surprise from Rebecca’s outburst.

Becca danced on the spot, frantically shaking her hands at her side. “There’s got to be somewhere to go…” She strained.

David thought for a moment, “I think there’s a train station around the corner. There should be a bathroom there.”

“Then what are we waiting for? Let’s go already!” Becca shouted. She grabbed David’s arm and pulled him along as she sprinted down the street.

Just as predicted, they rounded the corner and found a train station a few blocks away. It was practically abandoned, save for a few transients sleeping in the open and a handful of stragglers heading home from work or bars.

Becca grit her teeth and marched in place as she frantically scanned the area, eyes wide with panic.

Over in the corner, she saw a set of individual stalls with bathroom signs on them.

“Jackpot!” She shouted. Becca rushed toward the stalls as quickly as her bursting bladder would allow.

She jogged up to the nearest door and turned the handle. It was locked.

She tried the next stall over. It was locked, too. And the next, and the next.

Rebecca was dumbstruck. How were all of the toilets occupied when this place was so empty?

She knocked loudly on the door. No response.

Becca gasped and bent forward, shoving a hand between her legs. A sudden wave overtook her, forcing a big spurt into her panties. It seemed some of her drinks from earlier were still filtering through her system and crashing into her bladder.

She was really glad she wore dark colors.

Her bladder had just fired a warning shot. Time was running out and her patience was running thin.

Rebecca forcefully pulled the handle with her free hand and repeatedly kicked the door.

“Come on, open up already!” She shouted, “I’m gonna piss myself out here!”

This got her the attention of the other people at the station. Still, there was no response from inside the bathroom.

“What? Did someone die in there?” She muttered.

Rebecca put an ear to the door and listened closely. She didn’t hear anything from the other side of the door. She did, however, hear something from the door itself.

There was a buzzer sound when she turned the handle, followed by a quiet, melodic beeping.

Becca looked down at the handle and saw a small box with a screen attached to the door.

&&

(Photo credit: jankyJayyy)

Everything has a price in Night City. In some neighborhoods, that includes the bathrooms.

“To use, please deposit §3” was the message on the screen.

“What the fuck is this? Three eddies to take a piss?” Becca complained through clenched teeth.

She tried to start an electronic transfer. Unfortunately, her cut from tonight’s job hadn’t been sent yet. Her account was drained dry. Soon enough, that might be the only thing of hers that was dry.

Becca pulled the hand from between her thighs, twisting her legs together immediately after to make up for the lost pressure.

She desperately dug through her coat pockets, hoping to find some spare change she had forgotten about. She knew she had run out of cash a long time ago. She had relied on her crewmates and random flirtatious guys to buy her drinks for the last few bars. But she had to try to find something. What other options did she have?

While she didn’t have any money, Rebecca’s pockets weren’t empty. Digging around, she felt a familiar, cold, metallic object.

With a whimper, Becca pulled out her gun and aimed it at the lock. She gripped down on her groin with her free hand, bracing for the recoil to shake her bladder.

Right before she could pull the trigger, the gun was snatched out of her hand.

“What are you doing?” David shouted, holding the weapon out of the short girl’s reach.

Becca groaned.

“This damn thing needs money! I don’t have anything on me!”

“So you thought the next best choice was to shoot it?”

“It works for everything else!”

“Do you really want breaking a public toilet to be the crime that puts you away?”

Another wave assailed Rebecca’s dam. A small leak squeezed past her defenses. She could feel it on her palm.

She shoved her other hand between her legs, hoping to keep the flood at bay.

“Can you pay for me, then?” She begged, “I swear I’ll get you back!”

David’s face softened and he looked down.

“I’m still working to repay Maine. Tonight was everything I had to spare.”

“Then what am I supposed to do?” Becca whined, shifting from side to side. “I seriously can’t hold it any longer!”

Tears welled up in her eyes. Becca didn’t have a lot of shame, but wetting herself in public was a line even she didn’t want to cross.

David looked around, then crouched down and put a hand on Becca’s shoulder.

“Do you trust me?” He asked.

“The fuck is that supposed to mean?” Becca shouted. Her brain was swimming right now, she couldn’t deal with vague questions like that.

“It means hold on tight.”

“Wha-”

Rebecca’s question was cut off as the world suddenly blurred around her. She was lifted off the ground. The wind rushed through her ears. The force of sudden acceleration pushed her body past its limits. A small stream was squeezed out of her. Her fluids began to overflow her panties and drip down her thighs.

Next thing she knew, Becca was being set down in some dark alleyway filled with trash. Her stomach and bladder both lurched.

She stumbled as she got back on her feet. Another strong spurt escaped before she could stem the flow.

It took a second to process what just happened. David had just used his military-grade cyberware to carry her to a private spot to pee.

“What the fuck?” She asked.

“I recognized this area.” David explained. “This corner isn’t monitored by anyone. Not a lot of people pass by at this hour. You should be safe here as long as you’re quick.”

“Wh-why do you know this?”

David blushed, “We can get into that later. Don’t you have something to take care of?”

David was right. Becca shook as she waddled over to a nearby wall.

She felt another gush of pee flow over her hands.

Becca practically leaped the remaining distance and ripped her panties down to her knees.

With one hand, she grabbed a nearby bin to stabilize herself. With her other, she reached down and spread her lips. She leaned back and thrust her hips forward.

No sooner did Becca get into position than a raging river violently exploded out of her. A sharp hissing filled the air, followed almost immediately by an echoing splatter.

An uncontrolled spray shot from Rebecca’s pussy and arced nearly a foot through the air, impacting the wall before pooling onto the street.

She felt a downpour of stray urine splashing over her legs. Becca carefully adjusted her position to minimize the collateral damage.

“Whew!” Rebecca gave a contented sigh as the tension drained out of her. All the stress of her frantic search began to flow away.

For a brief moment, the corporate dystopia around her faded. All that existed in the world was Becca and the absolute bliss of relief.

That illusion was quickly shattered by David’s voice.

“Standing up? I didn’t know you had that kind of equipment.” He muttered loud enough for Rebecca to overhear.

She turned her head slightly to see him in her peripheral vision. David was standing at the entrance to the alley, his back to her.

“Enjoying the show, ya gonk?” Becca teased. “Didn’t have you pegged for that kind of perv.”

David coughed, caught off guard.

“No, it’s not like that!” He shouted, defensively.

“Yeah, yeah, whate- Ooh!” Becca’s teasing was cut short by a new sensation.

A shiver welled up from her feet to her head. Her pale skin erupted with goosebumps. A new wave of pleasure welled up within her.

She had needed to make emergency pit stops before, but it had never felt like this. This was nearly orgasmic.

“Mmm.” Rebecca gave one more pleased hum. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes, listening as the cacophony of her urination drowned out the ambient sounds of the city.

Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end.

Rebecca opened her eyes when the splattering began to quiet down. She pressed her hips further forward and forced her pee out as hard as she could, trying to avoid any accidental drips on her shoes.

The soaring pleasure scaled down in proportion with her golden waterfall. Gradually, it faded until it was nothing more than a persistent tingle in her nethers.

Finally, the alley went silent. Rebecca tried to force out any liquid that might be left over, but got no result. All that was left was the few drips still clinging to her damp lips.

She glanced around. There was nothing around her but trash, meaning nothing she could wipe with.

Becca shrugged. Her panties were already drenched, a few more drops wouldn’t hurt.

She leaned forward, struck by the empty feeling in her stomach. Becca’s panties fought to cling to her skin as she gradually slid them up. She shivered as they made contact with her sensitive privates.

She looked down at her legs to inspect the damage. Her inner thighs glistened in the neon lights of the city. There was a subtle sheen to her panties. Her hands were soaked. At least her shoes looked fine.

Becca looked up to inspect the target of her spray.

There was a large splatter mark around waist height on the wall. From there, it split off into several thick lines, cascading down to the ground where it settled into a puddle nearly two feet across.

Rebecca gave a satisfied chuckle. She alway said she would leave her mark on this city.

Becca joined David at the mouth of the alleyway.

“All better?” He asked.

“So much better.” Becca sighed, adding a contented stretch for emphasis.

“But,” She added, poking David on the forehead, “That was the dumbest use of a Sandevistan I’ve ever seen!”

“It solved the problem, didn’t it?” David responded, pushing Becca’s hand away.

Becca blushed as she saw David quizzically inspect his hand. She shoved her own hands into her pockets, self-conscious. She had forgotten to dry them off!

David shrugged and wiped his hand on his pants.

“Ready to get going, then?”

“Y-yeah…” Becca stammered, “I should probably get home. I definitely just broke the seal and I don’t want to do this again.”

They walked quietly for a few blocks. Becca nudged David with her shoulder.

“Thanks, ya gonk.” She said quietly.

“Don’t mention it.”

This genuine display of affection made Rebecca uncomfortable.

She chuckled slightly.

“Maybe I should look into one of those cyber bladder enhancements when I get home.” She joked.

“Eh, I heard those aren’t worth the price.”

“Well, neither is a public toilet, apparently.”

