Willow's Hiking Emergency

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2024-11-11 09:32

What's up, everyone? Writer's block has been a real pain. Recently, I saw some Omovember prompts that reminded me of a few drafts I never published. Hopefully, I can clear a few of those out in the next few weeks.

Either way, here's a personal favorite idea of mine. Enjoy.

###

Willow wiped the sweat from her forehead as she stopped and stood on top of a hill. She looked out at the sea of green sprawled out in front of her. Nature in the Human Realm really was wonderful. She hadn't taken the time to take it in the last time she was here.

Willow uncapped her water bottle and started gulping down its contents, gasping between mouthfuls.

"Wow, Luz was right. This is beautiful." Hunter said as he trudged up the hill beside her.

"Yeah." Willow nodded, "I always thought the plants here were strange and boring. Seeing them like this, I can appreciate them so much more."

Now that repair efforts in the Boiling Isles had settled down, the two young witches had some free time. Hunter invited Willow to take a brief vacation in the Human Realm. They went out to a scenic hiking trail that passed through miles of mountains.

Willow enjoyed taking the time to finally connect with nature in this unfamiliar world.

"Are you alright?" Hunter asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine, why?"

"You're drinking a lot today."

Willow shook the bottle in her hand. It was nearly empty. Maybe she had been drinking faster than she realized.

Willow shrugged and took off her backpack, letting it fall to the ground. She pulled out her second bottle and stored the empty one in its place.

"It's not a problem." Willow dismissed, "It's just hotter out than I expected."

"Ok." Hunter nodded, "Just let me know if you need to take a break."

"You, too." Willow giggled, looking over at Hunter. His forehead was turning red, she wasn't sure if that was sunburn or exertion.

"This is nothing." Hunter said, puffing out his chest, "When I was the Golden Guard, I would make hikes like this twice a week."

Willow smiled and crouched down to pick up her bag.

She shivered.

As she crouched down, Willow felt a sudden spike in pressure just below her stomach. She hadn't realized until just now, but she had to pee badly.

Maybe she had been drinking too much water. They had been hiking for several hours.

Normally, Willow wouldn't be bothered by the idea of stepping off the trail and squatting behind a tree. Unfortunately, this trail was a popular tourist spot, so there was a very real possibility of some random person walking by and spotting her. Not to mention the awkwardness of doing her business with Hunter so close by.

"You sure you're alright?" Hunter asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Yeah, I'm ok." Willow said. She stood up and hoisted her bag onto her back. The weight of the bag crashed into her, sending a shock wave through her body and jostling the fluids inside.

The witch clamped her knees together and grunted from the impact.

"Although," Willow added, "I was wondering how far it is until the next rest area."

Hunter pulled out a map from his bag and unfurled it. He took a while to look it over. Willow shifted her weight from one foot to the other, waiting impatiently.

"Looks like the next rest area is about 2 miles out." He said.

Willow groaned at the thought.

"Are you going to be ok 'till then?" Hunter asked, storing the map.

Willow blushed a little at the question. It was kind of embarrassing to be asked like that.

She took a deep breath and straightened her posture.

"Yeah, that should be fine. We should probably get going, though."

Hunter nodded. The pair resumed their walk along the trail. They descended down the hill and left the clearing, once again surrounding themselves with dense forest.

As they continued down the path, Willow began to worry she had overestimated herself. She hadn't taken into account that the entire bottle of water she greedily gulped down still needed to filter through her system.

The fluids continued to trickle down and fill her bladder much faster than normal.

Willow nervously chewed on her lower lip. The path in front of her seemed to stretch on forever with no end in sight.

Hunter took a drink from his water bottle. Willow cringed at the sound of the liquids sloshing around.

He offered Willow a drink. She shook her head.

"You're sweating. Do you need to stop for a second?" Hunter asked.

"N-no." Willow stuttered. "A-actually, I think I'd prefer it if we could pick up the pace a little."

Hunter gave a sympathetic frown. "Sure, I guess so."

The couple began speed walking down the trail, but that only lasted a short while.

In her hurry, Willow wasn't paying enough attention to the path. She kicked a stray root sticking up from the ground and stumbled forward.

Hunter quickly grabbed her to prevent Willow from face planting into the ground.

The witch stomped her foot down to regain her balance. The sudden movement upset her equilibrium.

The pressure below Willow's stomach spiked hard. She felt a warm tingling working its way down. Willow shoved a hand between her legs, gripping down hard to prevent the contents of her bladder from spilling out.

The witch sighed as she managed to stop herself from having an accident at the last possible moment.

She froze in place, hoping for the intense wave of urgency to subside.

"Ow!"

Willow was broken out of her trance by a shout from Hunter.

She looked over and realized her other hand was squeezing his arm really hard.

Thankfully, this shock took Willow's focus off her bladder and allowed her to regain some semblance of composure.

"Sorry!" She shouted, standing up with Hunter's help.

"It's not a problem." Hunter reassured, rubbing his arm. "Are you ok?"

"Yeah, just a-"

Willow squeezed her thighs together as another wave of pressure assaulted her defenses.

"A-actually..." Willow hesitated, her face growing warm, "D-do you think we could... stop for a moment?"

"Of course." Hunter answered.

"Could you... stand guard while I... go behind a tree?"

"Go behind...?" Hunter started to ask. "Oh." His eyes widened in realization. "Yeah, sure, go ahead."

"Thanks!"

Willow stepped off the trail and wandered over where the foliage was much thicker. Sadly, the trees and bushes were still fairly spaced out and well trimmed, leaving her without a reliable spot to hide completely from view.

After a moment of debate, Willow decided that a nearby large tree trunk was enough cover.

The witch leaned against the tree and unbuttoned her pants. Before she pulled down the zipper, Willow looked around.

She froze. Just down the trail, Willow spotted a group of people walking in her direction.

With the way the trail curved, there was no way for Willow to position herself to stay out of view the whole time. They were still pretty far down the trail, but Willow wasn't confident that she could empty herself out quickly enough to escape notice. She didn't want to risk literally being caught with her pants down.

On the plus side, the sudden shock of almost being discovered gave Willow a second wind to help her hold out a little longer.

She buttoned up her pants and dashed back onto the trail.

"That was fast." Hunter commented.

"I didn't go." Willow whispered. She nodded her head toward the family walking down the trail.

"Oh."

Hunter thought for a second. "We should only have about five minutes until the next rest area. Think you can hold out that long?"

"I'll have to try." Willow groaned.

Willow struggled to keep her composure as they continued down the trail, passing the family with a quick nod of acknowledgement.

Further down the trail, Willow had both hands pressed between her legs. She was walking with one foot in front of the other, keeping her thighs clamped tightly together.

"Oh, that tree formation looks really interesting." Hunter commented idly. "I wonder how it grew that way."

Willow sighed.

"Hunter, could you please not talk to me right now? I'm trying to concentrate."

"Oh, sorry."

All of Willow's concentration was spent on holding her floodgates closed. She couldn't focus on anything except for the path directly in front of her. Every step caused the contents of her bladder to slosh back and forth. Every few seconds, she had to adjust and tighten her grip on herself, countering the ever-growing pressure inside her. Her fingers ached and her thighs burned from the prolonged effort of keeping the deluge at bay.

Willow was snapped back to reality by a nudge on her shoulder.

"Look, up there!" Hunter shouted.

Willow looked up from the forest floor and shook her head, bringing the world back into focus.

Up ahead was a small brick building. It was overgrown by plants and looked very old. This was almost certainly a bathroom. It didn’t look very well maintained. At this point, Willow wouldn't care if it looked like an old dungeon.

Abandoning all pretenses, Willow began to rush down the path as fast as her trembling legs would carry her.

Soon enough, the beautiful, dust-covered sign indicating a women's bathroom came into view. Willow almost burst into tears at the sight. Or maybe those were from the excess liquids backing up her system.

The witch ran around the side of the building and reached for the door. She turned the handle, pushed, and...

SLAM!

Willow impacted against the door.

She stumbled back, losing a short stream into her panties. Willow crossed her legs, trembling from the effort required to keep from having a full-blown accident.

Willow adjusted her glasses and examined the door. Her heart sank when she saw it.

There was a latch on the door that was held shut with a padlock.

Her legs nearly gave out. Willow sank back against the wall. Tears stung the edges of her eyes. Her breathing quickened.

Why? She was so close. Why now? What could she do?

The dirt crunched as Hunter jogged to catch up.

"What's going on?" He asked between heavy breaths.

"It's locked." Willow answered, her voice breaking. She hung her head and shut her eyes tight, trying to keep from crying.

She knew she could try to rush off into the woods, but all her strength was gone.

"Hold on." Hunter said before dashing away.

"That's what I've been doing." Willow muttered.

"There's no lock on the men's room." Hunter shouted. "And there's no one in there. I can keep watch while you use that."

Willow opened her eyes. Suddenly, there was hope. Hunter, her knight in golden armor!

"Thanks!" Willow shouted.

She wasn't able to run anymore without risking a serious spill. Instead, she waddled to the other side of the building, her feet shuffling along to avoid any sudden movement.

On her way, Willow unbuttoned her pants and lowered the zipper, trying to clear every obstacle she could before the toilet was within reach.

Hunter opened the door for her and the two ducked into the bathroom. Willow didn't look to check if anyone was around to see them. At this point, she didn't care.

The dim light of the bathroom barely flickered to life, humming loudly over their heads. Its glow revealed a grimy sink, a urinal, and a single stall.

"Just a few more steps." Willow muttered to herself. That's all she needed. She was so close.

She shuffled across the dirt covered floor and pushed the stall door open with her shoulder.

Her heart stopped.

"No!" Willow groaned.

The door creaked open to yield a disastrous sight. Inside was a shattered mount of porcelain that was probably once a toilet.

It was obvious that the building was not well maintained, but Willow never expected something like this.

In her current state, Willow would have accepted anything vaguely resembling a toilet, no matter how dirty or unkempt, but she couldn't do anything with this.

Hunter glanced over her shoulder. "Oh, wow." He muttered.

Willow could hear the shuffling of Hunter unfolding the map.

"If we cut through a different trail, it looks like the next rest area is less than a mile away. If we keep up a good pace, it would probably be less than ten minutes-"

Upon hearing this, Willow felt a chill through her body. Goosebumps formed all over. Another spurt of pee warmed her underwear.

"I can't wait that long!" Willow shouted.

She frantically looked around the room for a solution.

"Ok, well..." Hunter began. Before he could say anything else, Willow shuffled toward the wall.

The witch pulled her pants and panties down to her knees. Another spurt of pee shot out of her, splattering against the floor.

"Oh!" Hunter shouted in surprise.

Willow hurried over to the urinal and planted one foot on either side of it. She lifted her shirt with one hand. She positioned her exposed crotch over the basin and spread her lips with her other hand.

"Mmmh..." Willow grunted softly, giving a slight push to open the tap.

A hiss echoed off the dreary walls of the small room.

A small trickle emerged from the witch, sticking to her legs and pouring down her thigh.

She bared down harder, finally bursting the wall of her dam and unleashing her stream at full force.

A twisting, golden torrent shot out of the witch and impacted against the back of the urinal.

"Phew." Willow sighed. She rested her arm against the wall, unintentionally lifting her shirt high enough to expose the bottom of her chest.

She rested her head against her arm.

Willow looked down past the fabric of her shirt. She could see her inner thighs glistening in the dim light. Small droplets were still clinging to her legs and flowing down, but most of her pee was shooting out into the urinal.

Willow could feel scattered drops splashing off the porcelain and splattering onto her thighs. Unfortunately, Willow wasn't sure she could reposition herself without power washing the floor, so she would just have to accept it.

Soon, what was once a light pattering turned into a scattered splashing as the liquid pooled over the drain faster than it could go down, creating a puddle in the bottom of the urinal.

A shiver ran up Willow's spine. She shook, unintentionally splashing the wall and the ground with her errant stream. She had to focus to keep from collapsing to the floor as her whole body started to finally relax.

A warmth built up in Willow's stomach and worked its way up to her throat.

"Oh~" She let out a rapturous moan.

Willow tried to catch her breath as the full day's worth of liquids drained out of her. The cacophony of tinkles caused by her scattered spray assaulting the urinal drowned out any small sighs or other noises Willow made.

After what felt like an eternity, the witch's stream finally began to die down. The flow became weaker and the arc more shallow. More dribbles began to split off and drip down Willow's legs.

Willow bared down and tried to force a little more power into her stream. She managed a couple more quick bursts before there was no more pressure to maintain any kind of stream.

After a few awkward seconds of pee dribbling down her legs, Willow was finally empty. Her stomach ached as her exhausted bladder gradually relaxed back to its proper size.

"Hah." Willow sighed one last time.

She pulled the handle to flush the urinal.

Willow looked down to examine herself. The sight wasn't pretty.

Her inner thighs reflected the dim light of the room, revealing that they were completely coated in her own urine all the way to her knees. The front of both legs were soaked with stray droplets, almost entirely covering them. The hand that had been parting her lips was absolutely drenched.

Willow placed the hem of her shirt between her teeth to keep it from falling into the mess. She reached her clean hand into a side pocket on her backpack and withdrew a package of tissues.

She tried her best to clean herself up. After about a minute and more than half a package of tissues, Willow was as clean as she could be. Her legs were still damp, but no longer slick.

Finally, she went to pull her pants up.

Willow's underwear was almost completely soaked through. The neon green fabric had turned a darker, more earthy tone.

Willow shoved a few tissues into her panties and pulled them up.

Her pants had fared much better. There were definite dark spots around the waistband of the khaki material. Collateral damage from the urinal, it seemed. The rest of her pants seemed fairly dry.

Willow pulled her pants up and adjusted her clothes back into place. She tossed her tissues into the overfilled trash can.

She went over to the sink to wash her hands. Out of the corner of her eye, Willow spotted Hunter. He was facing the door and covering his ears with both hands.

The realization hit Willow like a flaming grudgby ball. Hunter was right there. He knew what she just did. Even with his ears covered, he probably heard all of that.

Her heart began racing.

"Y-you can turn around now." Willow said.

Hunter cautiously peaked at his partner before turning around. His cheeks and the tips of his ears were bright red.

"Thank you." Willow said, scrubbing her hands.

"N-no problem."

Willow finished washing up and dried her hands. She pulled Hunter into a hug.

"Ready to go?" She asked.

Hunter glanced around and opened his mouth a few times to speak.

He cleared his throat. "Y-yeah." He finally said, voice cracking.

Hunter walked over to the door. He held out his arm to instruct Willow to stay back. He cracked the door and looked around.

"Ok, coast is clear." He nodded.

The two exited the bathroom back into the fresh, open air.

Willow sat down on a bench. Her damp underwear squished against her butt. Her heart was still racing. She felt an unfamiliar warmth in her chest.

She tried taking deep breaths to calm down, like she normally did, but it was proving difficult this time.

"Do you want to cut today short? I think there's a trail to town just west of here."

Hunter's voice undid any progress Willow had made at slowing her pulse.

She shifted on the bench.

"N-no, I'm fine." She stuttered, "I just need a breather."

Hunter nodded.

"That... wasn't weird for you, was it?" She asked, hesitantly.

"No!" Hunter shouted, "Well, I mean, yeah, it was, but not, like, too weird, you know? Like, it was odd, but I'm not disgusted or anything. I mean, it's natural, right? And you..." He stumbled over his words.

Willow smiled. Something about her boyfriend's awkwardness helped ground her.

She got up and kissed Hunter on the cheek, making him jump in surprise.

"I get it." She said softly, "Thank you."

"A-anytime..?" Hunter said, clearly confused.

Willow grabbed Hunter's hand as the two continued on down the trail.

*003*2024-11-12 06:34

{{5 hours ago, gtg420 said:

I love the description of her desperation - well done!

}}

Thanks! Super happy you liked it.

{{39 minutes ago, Golden Guard said:

I love the way you write Huntlow's relationship. And I love reading Willow Omorashi stories. Great story! Loved the description of Willow relieving herself in a urinal. Sounds like she really needed it.

Glad to see you're still writing! I'm also suffering from big writer's block lol.

}}

Thanks! I had some serious Huntlow brainrot this summer (not that it really went away). I have my own headcanon about their relationship. I wanted to write more to get into it, but I was having trouble coming up with a coherent long-term story. I figured it'd be better to just post the parts I do have.

