The Students and Faculty at Howe High

Author: knockonthedoor

*000*2022-05-18 19:38

This is my last new series for a while, and unlike my other works, it is an anthology series. This means that none of the characters have to come back, and each chapter can be unrelated to the last. Completely open to viewer support, this also gives you, the reader, the chance to ask for a scenario and potentially have it featured! All characters must be over 18. Feel free to DM or comment with said ask. As always, feedback is not only welcome but appreciated

The Student-Teacher Bond

Late-spring mornings can be deceptive. They start out cool and misty, then heat up with the sun. It made the afternoon unbearable, and summer vacation essential. Just as essential was preparation for a hot classroom. A cold, iced morning coffee and a thermos full of ice water was the perfect solution. After nearly a decade of teaching, nothing surprised Elizabeth Oliver anymore, especially not the lack of air conditioning at Howe Highschool. What did take her this morning was the appearance of Barbara Stern in the teacher’s lounge.

“Barbra? Tired of retirement already?”

The old teacher laughed “Just about. They have me subbing today.”

Elizabeth raised her eyebrows. She wasn’t aware of anyone taking the day off.

“For who?”

“You.”

This took Elizabeth by surprise, which she quickly dissipated with the realization of what it was.

“Don’t tell me they picked me to proctor?”

Barbra nodded, Elizabeth groaned. She paused

“Well, at least it’s you. We’ve got a test next week, you’ve got the lesson plan?”

Barbra gave the much younger teacher a look. One of a quiet knowing

“Right. Like I said. I’m glad its you.” Elizabeth took a long drink from her thermos.

“My advise Beth? As someone who’s had to proctor these state exams, they don’t let you out either. Make sure you refill that before you go in.”

“Wasn’t you who had that student pass out from dehydration, was it?”

“No, but I nearly did. Make sure your students have plenty too.”

Elizabeth nodded. It was going to be a quiet morning.

###

Megan knew her mother would kill her if she caught her buying energy drinks. But it was Megan’s own money, and she was 18 now, so it was her choice. She knew it’d be hot in that room, so two ice cold ones would do.

The trip up to Howe Highschool was a short one. Despite the morning school traffic, the gas station from which she made her purchase was only a short drive away. It made her feel like an adult, to park the car and get herself situated. Independent and free. Quickly hopping out of the car, she called to her friend Emily before they entered the building.

“Hey short-stuff! Wait up!”

The small girl in spandex turned around, smiling but blushing

“Don’t call me that!”

“What? Afraid Mike ‘ll hear?”

“Yes! Your mom let you take the car?”

The building was already hotter than the outdoors. Both could feel it as they crossed through the double doors.

“Yeah. I might leave after the test.”

“Oh yeah, that’s right. You’ve got the make-up for the C.A.N.T, right?”

The two stopped in the hallway, Emily put her bag into her locker and grabbed her books for her first class

“Why do you think I have these?” Megan held up her energy drinks

“Don’t let coach see you with those! She’ll make you drink extra water!”

“I know. Been having water since I got up. I’m seriously peeing like every five minutes!”

“Speaking of which, I’m going before cla-“ The bell rang, breaking their conversation. Emily continued

“Guess I’ll be late. You’ve got to head out, They lock you out of those, and I heard you’ve got Ms. Oliver!”

Megan groaned, she could already feel her bladder reacting to her recently finished water bottle. She followed Emily to the bathroom but passed by

“Gonna have to be quick, you know she’s a stickler for rules!”

Emily replied, but Megan was walking too quickly to hear it as she made her way to her state test.

As she opened the heavy door, Megan was surprised to be the only student there. Ms. Oliver sat at a steel desk facing the doorway. Megan picked a seat somewhat near her, a few rows back.

“Were we expecting a full class?” She asked

“You and five others.” Ms. Oliver spoke curtly

Megan nodded. “If it’s ok with you, may I use the bathroom real quick?”

“No. Doors lock in two”

“It’ll be quick-“

“You’ve already wasted a minute talking.”

Ms. Oliver cut her off and ended the conversation. Megan was sure she’d be ok, but she’d feel better if she was allowed to go. The two sat silent for a moment. Ms. Oliver sipped from her thermos and Megan from her energy drink. Standing, Ms. Oliver grabbed a sheet of paper from her desk and walked over to the door, locking it. Walking back to the front of the classroom, she began to read from the paper, speaking in an authoritative tone.

“I’ve now locked the door, The test will begin shortly. There will be no phone or mobile device use, nor is any student permitted to leave the testing are without forfeiting their work…”

As Ms. Oliver read on, Megan tiled her energy drink towards herself and gulped down a large quantity to prepare herself. It would be a long test.

###

Megan looked at the clock. Nearly a half an hour had passed. The heat of the room was starting to get to her. She had already finished one drink and was working on another. She felt warm, and the can was covered in moisture and sweat. She looked at Ms. Oliver. Her teacher was finishing her thermos, taking a large enough sip that it clinked off of her thin glasses. She looked at Megan.

“Eyes on your test.”

Megan raised her hand quickly

“Can you open the window? It’s a little warm.”

With this request, Ms. Oliver complied. Both teacher and student had downed a considerable amount of fluid and each was just hoping they felt warm from the heat of the room. Megan looked back at her test. 57 down, 200 to go…it was going to be a long test.

Megan checked the clock. Feeling the first hint of her filled bladder. She looked at her now empty energy drink. She could feel its effects as she started to jitter from the caffeine. She tapped her pencil on the desk, the yellow utensil clacking off of the plastic desk. As her water and energy drink continued to push into her bladder, Megan countered sightly using her womanly muscles. A dull ache, it remained as she pressed on through her next set of questions. The room was still hot. Against her better judgement, she took another sip from her other energy drink. The can was coated with moisture, and the liquid did little to cool her body. A silence came back over the room as Megan returned to her work.

Another question in and the quiet was broken by Ms. Oliver, who suddenly stood. Megan looked up, watching her proctor straighten her red blouse and press her black pencil skirt. She walked over to Megan, her heels knocking against the linoleum floor. She stood by the student, looking over her test. Megan found it hard to continue to work with the added supervision, and her mind wandered back to her bladder. A constant heavy feeling had settled in her abdomen, and Megan wondered if her tight, dark, jeans were too tight. A finger made its way across the desk and pointed at her test. Ms. Oliver gave her a complement

“Nice job on this one. You’ll get there. Stay focused.”

It was slightly out of the ordinary for Ms. Oliver, but Megan took the complement. She looked at her teacher, her eyes at thigh level, noticing Ms. Oliver’s pantyhose-clad legs shaking slightly. Megan looked up, Ms. Oliver smiled, blushing from embarrassment and walked back to her desk.

Megan worked, but each question was seemingly taking longer. The heat of the room didn’t help. She wanted to drink, but couldn’t. The chair was uncomfortable. She dug her knuckles into her back to ease her muscles, but as she pressed into her back it was as though she had pushed her water forward. She cringed and shot her body forward. Rubbing her thighs together in an odd attempt to repel her advancing urine.

Ms. Oliver looked over at the noise. Megan gave a look of an apology. Ms. Oliver looked at the mounted clock on the wall.

“You have two hours remaining.”

Megan looked back at the questions she had filled in. She could finish on time, she knew that. But she was slowing down. Her bladder weighed her mind down as well as her body. Like running underwater, Megan slowly felt her mind unable to press through her growing need. She peered at Ms. Oliver, her teacher was as stiff as a statue, Megan could hear her breathing.

“Finish your test.” Ms. Oliver could feel Megan’s eyes looking at her

“May I please go to the bathroom?” It was worth it to ask

“Are you forfeiting your test?”

“No…”

“Then you may not. We can make it.”

We? Megan reviewed her test. Nearly at question one hundred. Nearly halfway. The only problem was her bladder, which was filled entirely.

Tap. Tap. Tap. Megan bounced her pencil off of the desk. Anything to keep her mind off of her pain. She took a deep breath, then exhaled. She felt hot, sticky, sweaty. The open window did nothing to help. She leaned forward, her white shirt was damp from absorbing her body heat. She adjusted in her chair, moving forward. Balling her hand into a fist and pressing it into her thigh, Megan hoped the new sensation would distract her from the tightness of her full bladder. It did not. She could feel the heat from her genitals as she dug harder into her thigh. She at the clock again. The rhythmic ticking soothing her somewhat.

Ms. Oliver stood sharply. Stiffly, she preened her outfit. Megan observed as she walked towards the clock, her legs crossing with each slow step. She stood, staring at the clock as it continued to tick. Not realizing that Megan was watching, she dug her hand into her crotch, bunching her black pencil skirt into her crotch and bent forward.

“A-are y…you ok?” Megan asked

“F-f-fine.” Ms. Oliver pointed, blushing “Test.”

Megan nodded and put her head back down. She still saw Ms. Oliver out of the corner of her eye. Her proctor paced, her heels making a racket as she paced. Megan looked up again, watching as Ms. Oliver grabbed at the hiem of her skirt.

“Stop looking at me! I-I’ll forfeit you if you do that again!” She barked at Megan

Megan smacked her dry lips. The room was hot, she was sweaty and dehydrated. Yet couldn’t drink.

While answering a question on Macbeth, Megan felt a rush of hot liquid run towards her opening. She clenched, tighter than before. Still dry. Moments later, another wave of desperation came over her, this one stronger than before. She felt a hot, burning sensation as she fought hard to counter the strong urge to pee. She dug her hand in harder, wincing as she put some pressure on her swollen abdomen. Megan looked. Her bladder was protruding from her shirt, her jeans digging in. She rubbed it. Another wave. First a warm sensation that covered her body, then a cool one. Time stood still. She swallowed. Another question.

Having lost track of time, Megan’s mind could only concentrate on one thing and that was not releasing her pee. Of all the times she had been desperate in her life, she couldn’t think of one that was worse. It hurt. Don’t pee. Don’t pee. Don’t pee. Don’t pee. I really have to pee. The same two phrases dominated Megan’s mind. She hadn’t answered a question in sometime. She just wanted to hold it. Her concentration was broken by a sudden gasp. She looked at Ms. Oliver

Her teacher quickly launched from her desk chair, legs twisted like a vine around each other. Her hands buried deep into her crotch. She shook visibly. She picked up the landline on her desk. Megan heard her whisper

“Please come up here and relieve me…” Ms. Oliver hissed into the receiver

Whatever the response was, she didn’t like it. Groaning, Ms. Oliver slammed the phone back down. She shook where she stood. Megan tried again, hoping the obvious predicament they were both in would lead her to relief.

“Ms. Oliver, I really have to go-“

“Stop! Stop! Stop talking about pee…”

“But I did-“

“Finish your test!”

As Ms. Oliver spoke, Megan could see a small streak of discoloration maneuver down one of her legs before she quickly sat back down. What made it worse, was the Megan knew she was next.

She sat on the heel of her sneaker. Temporary relief. She struggled. Megan rocked on her heel, hand pressed firmly into her crotch. Ms. Oliver stood again. Megan watched her teacher pace around the front of the room again. Starting to feel dizzy. Lightheaded. Megan needed support. The desk. She grabbed it with all her might, her knuckles turning white. Her pencil rolled off her desk. She wanted to grab it. But she couldn’t move. She made one final plea.

“Ms. Oliver please! I…I really have to-“

Megan stopped her words. Her mind went blank, unable to comprehend what she was hearing. A loud splatter erupted from where her teacher was standing. A two-pronged stream shot from under her skirt, loudly starting a puddle. Smaller streams and streaks began to splatter and drip from her backside. In shame she covered her face with her both her hands. Turning beet red, all student and teacher could hear was her pent up pee smacking the floor with a splash. Her panty-house were ruined as wet streaks had formed down her legs where her pee had started to pool in her heels.

“A-ahhh! F-n-no!”

Ms. Oliver crossed her legs, the main flow of clear urine now spraying down her legs as it slowed. She gripped the front of her skirt and managed to stop it. Bending over her desk, she looked back at Megan.

“I-I’m sorry…”

Dead silence. Time stood still. The only noise was the sound of Ms. Oliver’s jilted, stunted breathing. Bothe teacher and student shook, their muscles at their limits.

Megan couldn’t help but feel a moist sensation in her own panties. She felt. Watching her teacher leak had let some out. She felt better. She closed her eyes, and relaxed a little. Another spirt. It was delightful. Some more. And more. Megan looked down as she opened her eyes. The field hockey captain now had a dark patch on her jeans. She wanted to let it all out. She didn’t care anymore. Her teacher had leaked and now so had she. Her emotions took over. Relief, embarrassment, jubilation. It was too much for her young mind. Megan began to sniffle as she cried. As she felt the tickling sensation escape her labia, she stated a fact though muffled tears

“I’m gonna pee my pants…”

Again, it wasn’t her that took the spotlight, but her teacher. Clear urine had begun to flow freely from Ms. Oliver, starting a new puddle just a few inches from the last. This time, she had a partner as she whispered.

“You’re not the only one…”

Megan shook. At this point, she was more or less forcing herself to pee. It hurt too much to hold it, and she wasn’t the only one. But rationalizing it didn’t help as she watched a yellowish puddle expand from her seated thighs. Her jeans were warm, soaked and darkened at the crotch. Her entire lap was covered in a darkened cloud from the storm she was unleashing. The puddle expanded, moving slowly as she released, heading for the edge of her chair.

Megan was nowhere near done as she felt it expand off of the sides of her chair. With nowhere else to go, it began to drip and splatter onto the calves of her jeans. They darkened somewhat, though inconsistently as a puddle also formed under her chair. Having caught the majority of her forcible pee, the chair began to leak down the front, and her entire seat dripped as Megan emptied her bladder into her pants.

Megan put her head down. She sniffled, unable to keep her emotions in check. As she hugged her head with her hands, she could feel the tears on her cheeks. And odd sensation as her jeans cooled. Through coughs and wails she could only make out the word sorry. The only word she was capable of even conceiving through her sorrow. Megan felt a gentle hand on her back, her breathing was still irregular even as her most dramatic convulsions were subsiding. She heard Ms. Oliver whisper

“It’s ok. Megan, its over. I won’t judge you…”

Megan looked up at her teacher, their eyes meeting. Ms. Oliver still had her hand on Megan’s shoulder

“Finished?”

Megan nodded

“Here.” Ms. Oliver motioned for her to stand

Taken by surprised for the second time that day, Ms. Oliver received a hug from her student, even as she still cried.

“Megan, it’s ok. It’s a stupid rule and I’m sorry. It got me too…but I’m going to make it up to you.”

Megan removed herself from the embrace and looked at her teacher.

“If you let me change in here, and finish your test, I’ll make sure no one ever knows about this. And you can be dismissed for the day.”

Megan nodded, still glassy-eyed. Ms. Oliver hiked up her skirt and stepped out of her heels. Megan moved seats as her teacher shimmied out of her pantyhose and panties. Tossing them into one of the desk drawers, Ms. Oliver reassured her pupil.

“It’ll be our little secret.”

The two smiled as Ms. Oliver pulled her skirt back down. She’d go the rest of the day without panties, discovering the freedom it gave her to forgo them entirely.

True to her word, no one ever found out about Megan’s accident. There was a rumor about Ms. Oliver, but as time passed, so did the gossip. This was just another chapter in the secret history of Howe High School.

*002*2022-05-18 23:16

{{2 hours ago, KnightofStars said:

If you're looking for scenario ideas, high schools are notorious for having a toilet or two in a bathroom break, leading to queues forming in the halls~. And, in the worst case scenarios of those lines, you end up with a few students (and even a teacher or two!) unable to wait the entire time, and end up breaking away to find relief in say, the Science Lab sinks, the Classroom trashcan, or even out in the Courtyard, hiding behind a well-placed bush or corner!

As for feedback, one thing I will say is, you need to give some form of description for your characters. Even if they're not coming back, right now this story is just a generic teacher and generic high schooler; no hair colors, barely any clothing description, no physical traits. You don't have to go all out for background characters, but if you're gonna zero in on two people in particular, it helps to know what kind of body type is squirming around and what clothing is getting drenched at the end~.

}}

I like that idea, and have it written down! When I get to it, I'll tag you!

I appreciate your feedback too! I try to leave as much to the reader as possible, to not bog down the flow of the story, but in re-reading it, you're right, I went a little too far with omitting descriptions. I'll fix it for the next one.

Thanks for the scenario idea and the constructive feedback!

{{17 minutes ago, PeeHour said:

I really liked this! Awesome descriptions. This is a great idea, and with it being an anthology, the focus can remain on omo scenarios without story contraints. Although, as more students and teachers are introduced, it would be neat to see some familiar faces reappear even if only in the background.

}}

Thanks! I wanted it to be more free-flowing (no pun intended) with the characters so that I could shorten each story and just write based on scenario. I like the longer stuff, but I had fun with this one too. In a way, I think it allows for more omo

That's true, I guess a callback or two couldn't hurt.
