Relax, Let Go...

Author: KultaKulta

*000*2023-04-29 19:13

Charlie and Lee had been living with one another for more than a few years now. A great, loving relationship and a good-sized apartment were most of what they had to themselves, but they were more than content with this. Charlie was in charge of keeping the place clean for their boyfriend, not because of some spoken arrangement but because they simply enjoyed the act of tidying (and the praise from Lee afterwards)! This worked out well for Lee, too, as a pristine home and the look on his partner's face gleaming with pride were his two favourite things to return from work to. It was a simple, quiet life for them.

A favourite activity of theirs was watching movies in bed all cuddled up and in pyjamas, they enjoyed making a big thing out of it with snacks, drinks and low lighting for a theatrical and cosy mood. Charlie loved an orange soda to themself, often gulping it down much too quickly to last a full-length movie, and with their relatively small bladder also not being able to last a full-length movie it usually meant untimely bathroom breaks met with light quips from Lee.

"Thirty-seven minutes, that's gotta be a record!" Lee joked, pausing their movie as Charlie shuffled out from underneath the covers and headed towards the door. Lee would have his way on this day. He knew what Charlie liked, and Lee liked it too, unbeknownst to his partner. Charlie had sometimes talked about wanting to 'make a mess' in their underwear, they were far too coy to describe in detail what they meant, but Lee understood them. Lee wanted them to be able to finally indulge in their naughty little desire, to be free and uncaring, to be comfortable and warm, to do something so conflicting to everything they were taught growing up. They were just too afraid.

Charlie, now relieved, returned to their room to see their orange soda refilled and Lee with a little smirk on his face. Thinking nothing of it, Charlie snuggled up to Lee again, enjoying the movie and taking big sips from their drink. Coming towards the end, Charlie was once again a little desperate, their leg bouncing a little under the sheets. This excited Lee, it was nearly time.

"I know the movie has about ten minutes left," Charlie mumbled "but I really need to go again." As they left Lee's side, they were stopped by Lee's gentle arm on their shoulder.

"Come on, it's only a few minutes now." Lee interjected in a soft but authoritative tone. "Don't you want to just lie back next to me, darling?" Something about the way Lee said that really made Charlie listen and obey, despite their better judgement.

"Mm, okay."

Charlie had gone quieter. More attentive. Even cuddling a little tighter now. Their leg was still moving, signalling to Lee that it was time for some gentle encouragement.

"Isn't that better, hmm? Right next to me where you're warm and comfortable. Aren't you relaxed?"

Charlie tried speaking, but mostly just murmured "I still need to go."

"No no, you don't have to go yet. Just stay right here where you're all snuggly and cosy."

A few more minutes went by. the final scene of the movie was playing though neither of them were truly focusing on it. Lee was focusing on Charlie, who in turn couldn't stop thinking about how much they needed to pee. For some reason, though, they didn't seem to want to get up. They were content right where they were. Lee figured it was time to properly try Charlie and see how far they'd go.

"Darling, you know if you need to go, umm..."

Lee took a deep breath.

"You could just go right here?"

Charlie looked confused, but secretly they loved that thought. How freeing it would be, how naughty. Lee continued.

"You're all nice and comfortable here, aren't you? And I can tell you really do need to go. Wouldn't it be nice to just relax here?"

Charlie responded. "I guess, but"

"No buts, okay, darling? If you'd like to do that, I'll let you! I'll make sure you're safe and free to do so while you make the bed and your underwear all warm and wet."

Charlie's subsequent giggle said it all. The thought of doing that was so appealing, and they couldn't stand a chance holding it now anyways.

"Okay, Charlie, come over here and snuggle in really tight to me. Wrap your legs around me." Charlie was following every instruction Lee's soft, sweet voice gave. They had full trust in him so far.

"Don't you want to relax, hmm? Isn't your bladder just begging to be released? C'mon, you can do it for me. Relax for me, relax and let it all flow. Let go. Make us both warm."

With each word, Charlie's own agency was failing and Lee's reasoning began to make more and more sense. It would be warm. It would be relaxing. It would be amazing to just... let go. With those thoughts and Lee's reassurance, Charlie did just that.

Charlie's bladder fully relaxed, their legs still wrapped around Lee. Warm urine began gushing out, first soaking Charlie's underwear, then their pyjamas, then Lee. A light hissing could be heard over the credits song along with Charlie's soft whimpers of relief. The euphoria from finally releasing the pee so desperate to come out felt amazing in combination with how warm and soaked the bed was getting. Pee was coming out faster than the mattress was able to absorb and a small puddle began to form beneath them both. Charlie, still peeing a torrent, reflexively started grinding on Lee's dripping leg, to the pleasure of the both.

"That's it. Just keep relaxing, that's good. Soak us both and our bed to your heart's content, darling. Doesn't it just feel amazing?" Lee encouraged, surprisingly making no comment about the very sexual movement of his partner's groin. Charlie's peeing started to come to an end after about 45 seconds of pure ecstasy and relief. Both now sitting in a hot, messy puddle in their bed, Charlie slowly began to come to.

"Oh my god, I just did that." Charlie remarked in between giggles and laboured breathing. "That felt incredible."

"How would you like to have some fun in it now, Charlie?"

