Sharing is Caring - an Owl House Desperation Story

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2023-12-03 13:45

A/N: I had a 2-part story planned to end Owltober/vember. Unfortunately, external factors have made writing difficult recently. I have a skeleton for the stories, but they still need some time to cook. To make up for it, I wrote a short bonus story.

Story takes place around where the time skip picks up at the end of the series.

###

“Ok, maybe those cherry slushies were a bad idea.” Luz said.

Her knuckles were turning white as she gripped the steering wheel of her mother’s car. Her left leg bounced restlessly against her right, which was forcibly held steady against the gas pedal.

“They were really good.” Amity tried to reassure her.

Amity had been leaning forward in her seat for the last five minutes. Her thighs were clamped tightly together. Her hands nervously kneaded at the fabric of her skirt.

“Sure, but maybe it was a bad idea to have them before the longest movie in the series.”

The couple were coming back from a date night. The movie for Good Witch Azura 5: Fateful Destiny had finally come out. They were both so excited to see the dramatic story finally come to life. Now that Luz had her drivers’ license, they decided to make it a proper date with dinner and a movie, just the two of them.

They had even dressed up in Azura and Hecate costumes, much like their first Halloween together.

Everything had been perfect, until the trip home.

“How are you holding up, Amity?”

Amity inhaled sharply as a stabbing pain shot through her abdomen.

“It’s pretty bad. But I think I can make it.” She forced a smile.

“Don’t worry. We’ll pee- I mean be- home in a flush- I mean flash.”

Amity chuckled at Luz’s nervous stuttering.

Immediately, she cringed and twisted her legs together. Laughing was a bad idea.

Luz groaned. “We should have gone back at the theater.”

“No way, the line was way too long.” Amity protested, “Besides, you know those bathrooms would have been filthy.”

In truth, Amity was trying to convince herself. She knew there was no chance she’d be able to pee in a crowded public bathroom with Luz nearby.

While she had been working on overcoming her shy bladder, Amity knew that would be a few steps beyond what she was ready for. It still took her a while to get things flowing in an unfamiliar bathroom, and the anxiety of knowing someone was waiting for her only made it worse.

It felt selfish to say, but Amity was happy Luz didn’t decide to use the bathroom before leaving the theater. It meant she wouldn’t have to wait even longer and she wasn’t alone in her predicament. Unfortunately, it meant her girlfriend would have to suffer, too.

The car rattled violently as Luz drove over a pothole.

Luz’s left hand left the steering wheel and disappeared between her legs. She bit her lip and whimpered.

Amity yelped at the sudden movement. She curled up as far as her seatbelt would let her, lifting her feet onto the edge of the seat. She grinded her bottom against her heels.

After a moment, Luz sighed and put her hand back on the wheel.

“That was a close one.” She muttered. “Sorry about that. Are you ok, sweetie?”

“Y-yeah, I-I’m alright.” Amity answered shakily.

Luz glanced over at the witch.

“Let me know if you need to make an emergency stop, ok?” She added, “I don’t want you pushing yourself too hard.”

Amity gulped and looked out the window. There was nothing but houses as far as the eye could see.

Her face turned bright red at the mere thought of stopping and squatting out in front of one of them.

“No, no. I can hold it.” Amity shooed away the idea.

Amity looked over to check on her girlfriend. The human’s eyes were wide open, focused on the road. Her left leg kept shifting against her right. Her entire body was rigid and tense. Luz was chewing on her lower lip. Every so often, she let out a small whimper.

“Don’t let me stop you, though.” Amity spoke up, “If you think you need to stop, go ahead.”

As much as she needed to get to Luz’s house as soon as possible, Amity couldn’t stand the idea of Luz going through this torture on her account.

“I-it’s fine.” Luz responded, voice quivering, “It’s only about five minutes to my house. I can make it.”

She inhaled sharply through her teeth.

“I hope.” She muttered.

Amity’s bladder throbbed. She tried to shift her position, but the seatbelt dug into her waist, causing a sudden spike in pressure. She could feel all the waste within her surging against the floodgates.

Amity carefully shifted her thighs to open up enough space to shove a hand between them. She slipped her hand under her skirt and pressed down firmly against her crotch. The added external pressure helped her weather the storm, but she really was nearing her limit.

The car swerved wildly into the adjoining lane before straightening out.

Amity looked at her girlfriend in concern.

Luz’s head was bowed. One hand was off the steering wheel and firmly planted between her legs. Tears were forming at the edges of her eyes. A faint blush was visible on her cheeks in the dim light.

Luz looked back at the road.

“Sorry.” She said, “I just really need to go. I almost let a little bit out.”

Amity pressed her hand deeper under her skirt. While it was comforting to know that she wasn’t suffering alone, hearing Luz talk about her desperation wasn’t helping.

“Do you need to pull over?” Amity asked.

“I think I got it under control.” Luz answered, “Besides, we’re almost there.”

This promise proved to be true. After just a couple minutes, they were pulling into the driveway. Luz parked the car and shut it off.

Neither girl moved.

Both of them were so desperate, they weren’t sure they could stand up without leaking- or worse, having an accident.

Now that Luz didn’t have to focus on driving, she cupped herself with both hands. Her legs tangled together and bounced against the floor.

“Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go…” She repeated to herself.

A small part of Amity thought this display was cute. Luz was being so expressive, so vulnerable. But she hated to see the girl she admired in so much pain.

Moving carefully, Amity undid her seatbelt. The release of pressure off her distended bladder was a welcome relief. She wasn’t safe yet, but Amity at least had enough control to turn and open her door.

“Come on, honey.” Amity encouraged, “I’m not sure how much longer I can hold it. We’d better hurry.”

Luz nodded wordlessly.

Amity kicked her legs onto the ground. She took a deep breath and braced herself. This was going to be one of her hardest challenges.

The witch pulled herself to her feet. Immediately, she bent over and shoved the palm of her hand against the front of her skirt. She swayed from side to side as her legs rubbed together.

Amity slammed the car door and walked around to the other side.

There, she saw Luz, crouched beside the driver’s side door. One hand was still between her legs, the other was against the car, holding herself up. Her eyes were clamped shut and her face contorted into a frown.

“Are you ok?” Amity asked, shuffling to her side.

Luz shook her head, “Uh-uh.” She grunted, “I can’t hold it anymore. It’s gonna come out!”

“What? But we’re right here! It’s just a few more steps.”

“I know, but I don’t think I can make it. Just go inside. I don’t want you to see me like this.”

Amity placed her hand on Luz’s.

“Come on, we made it this far. I’m not going to leave you alone now.”

Luz looked up at her girlfriend. Her eyes were watering. A small smile cracked across her face.

“Alright. But we need to hurry.” Luz said.

With Amity’s help, Luz pulled herself up to her feet. She kept dancing from foot to foot every step of the way.

The couple made their way up the stairs, both with one hand holding onto their girlfriend’s and the other pressed into their lap.

Thankfully, the door was unlocked.

Amity pulled the door open and Luz barreled into the house in front of her.

The human bounced around the entryway as she struggled to reach down and pull off her boots.

“No no no…” She squealed as she threw them aside.

Amity was fortunate that her footwear was a bit smaller, allowing her to kick them off without bending over.

“You take the bathroom in the kitchen, I’ll take the one upstairs!” Amity instructed.

“Got it!” Luz shouted, already halfway across the living room.

Amity scrambled up the stairs, one hand already fumbling with the side of her leggings. Every last bit of her remaining strength was focused on gripping down between her legs, which may have been the only thing preventing a massive indoor flood.

As the bathroom came into view, Amity felt like she could cry. She never thought such a basic utility could look so beautiful.

The witch reached under her skirt and grabbed the waistband of her leggings and underwear while she stumbled down the hallway.

As soon as she crossed the threshold into the bathroom, Amity turned the lights on and slammed the door. In one fluid motion, she flipped her skirt up and yanked her panties and leggings to the floor.

The purple haired girl practically threw herself onto the waiting toilet.

Now, all she had to do was wait for relief…

And wait she did.

Amity was holding so much in that it hurt, but she was still having a hard time letting it out. She had been so anxious about holding it that she couldn’t relax now that she was finally safe.

The witch took a few deep breaths, trying to calm herself.

Suddenly, she heard the loud banging of frantic footsteps marching down the hallway outside. They stopped moving right at the bathroom door, although the sounds didn’t stop. Amity could clearly hear the rapid thuds of someone anxiously potty dancing just outside.

A small groan confirmed her worst fears. That was definitely Luz.

Just like that, all the progress Amity had made to overcome her pee shyness evaporated.

As much as she desperately wanted and needed to pee, she just couldn’t. Her lower body was completely locked up.

Amity briefly considered getting up and letting Luz pee first, but she was sure she’d wet herself long before Luz was finished.

Instead, she leaned forward on the toilet and closed her eyes, trying to drown out the noises from the other side of the door.

Amity thought back to all the advice she had read. She thought of rivers, waterfalls, dripping faucets, and every other image of running water she could conjure.

After an uncomfortably long minute, Amity could feel a tingling in her privates. A few drips tantalizingly slipped out of her pee hole.

Then, there was a loud bang.

The door flew open and Luz scrambled into the room. Her tights were already halfway down her legs.

“Sorry, batata, but it’s an emergency!” She shouted.

Luz slammed the door shut. She proceeded to bend over and pull her tights completely off.

Amity couldn’t help but notice the large wet patch on the bottom of her girlfriend’s purple underwear.

“What are you-?”

Before Amity could finish her question, Luz pulled her panties to the floor and stepped out of them. Then, she stormed over to the toilet.

Amity sat straight up. She was shocked, confused, and a little aroused.

Luz looked down at Amity’s legs. The human groaned.

Her legs shifted over one another as Luz bent down and pulled at Amity’s leggings.

Amity wordlessly complied, lifting her foot to let Luz pull the fabric off one leg.

Luz pushed Amity’s legs apart, creating a small opening where she could see the toilet bowl below.

Luz parted her legs. A spurt of pee shot out of her and splattered against the floor.

Finally, the human threw herself on top of the witch, sitting on top of her legs so both girls were facing one another while they straddled the porcelain throne.

Luz’s chest was right in Amity’s face. More importantly, her bare butt was right between Amity’s legs. Amity could feel the heat radiating off her girlfriend’s body. She was so warm. Her skin was so soft.

Luz closed her eyes and let out a deep sigh.

“Ha~” She practically sang. It was one of the most beautiful sounds Amity had ever heard.

The silence of the room was broken by a high-pitched tinkling sound.

Amity finally came to terms with what was happening: Luz was peeing on top of her. They were sharing a toilet… together.

The shock of the moment was enough to overcome Amity’s anxiety. Before she realized, the tinkling grew louder, morphing into a roaring crash.

The witch felt relief well up inside her as she finally let go.

“Whew.” Amity quietly sighed. Her head fell forward, brushing Luz’s shirt.

For a little while, the couple stayed frozen like this. They were like a statue, or a fountain. Their twin streams clashed together and scattered into many droplets, assaulting the waters below with a violent rainstorm.

The sound of their intertwined downpour was the only thing in the room. It may as well have been the only thing in the world.

Amity sank into a comfortable euphoria. The bliss of release coupled with the comfort of her girlfriend’s warm embrace created a new sensation in the witch. For a while, she felt at peace. The well of urine within her was replaced with a bubbling happiness she hoped would never end.

Unfortunately, nothing can last forever.

After nearly half a minute, the initial eustasy of relief began to wear off. Amity realized exactly where she was and what was happening.

She pulled her head back out of the human’s chest.

Amity glanced down for a second and saw Luz’s bare legs. As she took in the sight, she realized she could see more than her legs…

Amity’s face grew warm. She felt light headed, like she might pass out.

She immediately averted her gaze and looked up at her girlfriend's face.

Luz didn’t seem to mind what was going on. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was hanging open. She looked so peaceful, so happy.

Amity could feel the human’s body relax. Luz leaned forward, pressing her forehead against Amity’s.

The two had been a couple for years at this point. They had hugged, they had kissed, they had even made out. But this… was much further than they had ever gone. They’d never actually seen each other naked before.

It wasn’t that Amity didn’t want it. She had just… imagined their first time would be under more romantic circumstances.

Instead, here they were, held in a tight embrace, bare lower bodies pressed against one another, unleashing two boiling seas into the toilet.

It was certainly a unique way to be together.

As these thoughts raced through Amity’s mind, the violent downpour quieted down and resolved once more into two separate streams.

Luz was now releasing a gentle trickle into the toilet, but Amity’s stream was still a roaring rapid. The pressure in her abdomen had reduced, but she was still nowhere near empty.

Seconds later, Luz’s stream dripped to a halt, but the human didn’t move.

The couple stayed in their blissful embrace for a while longer while Amity’s throbbing bladder continued to drain.

Finally, the room fell silent as Amity pushed out the last few spurts inside her.

She could see Luz’s lips curl up into a smile.

“Hmm.” Luz gave a contented hum.

Without thinking, Amity puckered her lips. She leaned forward and-

Luz opened her eyes and sat straight up.

“Sorry!” she shouted. Luz stood up and shuffled backward off of Amity’s lap.

Amity’s legs were filled with pins and needles. Luz wasn’t exactly heavy, but they had sat like that so long her legs had fallen asleep.

“Vee was cleaning the bathroom downstairs and I had to go so bad. I just… didn’t know what to do. I panicked and…”

“It’s fine.” Amity reassured, “I understand. I was desperate, too.”

Luz’s tan cheeks turned a rosy red. Amity smiled. She was so cute.

Luz looked down and frowned.

“A-anyway…” She muttered. “We should probably get cleaned up.”

“R-right…”

Amity pulled off a few squares of toilet paper and handed them to Luz before grabbing some for herself.

While she wiped herself off, Amity noticed something. Her thighs were wet. There were also some drops to the sides of her slit. These were places her own stream couldn’t get to. Which means…

“Oh, my gosh!” Luz shouted, “I’m so sorry. I didn’t even realize.”

“It’s ok.” Amity said, trying to hide her red face by looking down, “I-it just means we’re e-even now.”

“Even?”

“Yeah, from that time back at the Owl House. You remember? When my leg was hurt and you tried to help me and…”

Even though it was far in the past, Amity still cringed at the memory of the time she wet herself on top of the girl who would become her girlfriend.

Luz laughed awkwardly.

The couple got themselves cleaned up and flushed away the evidence of their awkward bonding moment.

Amity shook her legs to regain sensation before standing up. She inserted her foot back into her leggings and pulled them back up.

Luz tossed her wet panties into the laundry hamper and put on her tights without any underwear, which created a faint outline of her privates. Amity didn’t mind the view.

The two girls stood next to each other at the sink, taking turns washing their hands.

“So, that was an experience…” Amity said, trying to dispel the heavy awkwardness.

“Yeah…” Luz answered.

Luz swallowed loudly.

“Would it be weird to say that was kind of… romantic?”

Amity’s eyes went wide. She couldn’t deny the situation had a certain beauty to it.

“Yeah, it would be weird.” She answered.

“Oh…” Luz looked down, dejected.

“But there’s nothing wrong with weird. It’s what I like about you.” Amity continued.

Luz’s face lit up.

Amity kissed her on the cheek.

“It was romantic. A little bit.”

Luz whipped around and pulled Amity into a hug. She kissed her passionately.

Amity tapped Luz’s shoulder and pulled back.

“Not that this isn’t wonderful, but maybe we should move to a different room?”

“Oh!” Luz shouted. She looked around as if she forgot where they were. “Right…” She giggled nervously.

Amity grabbed Luz’s hand and led her to the door.

“Besides, now that you’ve gotten a little preview, I’d love to show you more.” She said with a smirk.

*003*2023-12-04 13:43

{{10 hours ago, Golden Guard said:

Loved this story! Though I gotta admit, I had to re-read the description of Luz sitting on Amity's lap multiple times before I understood what was going on lol. But once I did manage to visualize what was going on, it was very hot to "see".

I love all your TOH style metaphors, like here you used "Boiling sea" when they were peeing. In a previous story, you described a full bladder feeling as big as a Grudgby ball. They're very creative and add so much to the stories being TOH Omo stories!

Also loved the reference to one of your past stories.

I hope your current obligations don't stress you out too much. I wish you the best of luck in accomplishing them. And I'm excited to check out your future stories whenever you get around to posting them (no rush). Happy holidays!

}}

Yeah, admittedly, I had some trouble describing the position. I'm glad it was still clear enough that you could visualize it after some revision. I sometimes have trouble explaining unusual things like that.

Also, happy you like those details. I really love making reference to the source material as much as possible.

Thanks. I think everything's gotten more manageable now. Writing may still be slow, but I'm getting on track.

Happy holidays to you, too.

{{10 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I hope you at least write a couple more stories. Even though it's no longer November. I still like reading these stories No matter what day or month they come out

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you like my stuff. I'll definitely try to write more stories in the future. There's still a lot of scenarios and character I want to work with. It just may be a lot longer between stories for a while.

