Internet Famous

Author: Koshi

*000*2018-04-27 07:08

||Chapter 1||

Internet Sensation

I scrolled my mouse down my ProTube channel page. ProTube is a blog, video, and stream-sharing site, that I've become quite popular on. My name is Victoria, or, if you know me by online persona, I'm KoKo. My page was filled with pee holding contests with friends, status updates for how long I've been holding, and streams of me answering questions, doing dares, and diapered KoKo's.

I looked through the comments of a video. The video asked my fans to vote whether I should do a pee-holding stream, where every time someone donates, I drink a glass of water; another diapered KoKo; or a doing your dares stream. I tallied up the votes, with the pee-holding stream coming first, Dares second, and finally diapered KoKo coming in last. I posted a quick status update, telling everyone that I'll be doing the pee-holding stream in a few minutes.

After posting the update, I sprang out of my chair and set up my lighting and camera, making sure it could see my whole body. I took a jug of water and put in on a table in the cameras view. I took a glass and put it on the same table. Next, I put on a short pink "schoolgirl" skirt, and a cute tan sweater. I tied up my hair into twin-tails and walked back the the set. I took a leather dining chair and put a towel underneath it to be safe. I sat down and started the stream.

"Hello everyone! Welcome to the stream" I smiled at the camera as my fans piled in, "Hi!, Hello!, Welcome!" The chat started responding, and I waved, as being cute was practically my job. I sat down on the chair and started talking to everyone about the rules of the stream. "Every time someone donates over $10, I will drink a full cup of water. If there's too many at once, I will take 3 glasses of water and no more until the next donation. If I say stop, then I expect no more donations above $10. The stream will end in 5 hours if I have not wet myself before then. If I wet myself before the 5 hours are up, then the stream will end once I finish. Thank you for coming to the stream everyone!"

In no time, the first donation was made. I quickly thanked the donor and filled up my glass, making sure it didn't look fake by spilling a little once it got to the brim. I laughed at myself and drank the whole glass. Before long, there was another donation, and then another. I took two more glasses and started talking about topics brought up by the chat, when my next video will be up, and what stream do you want next?

After half an hour I had had 26 glasses, and I felt a slight pinch in my bladder. I notified my watchers. "Uuu I might need to go soon, I feel a little something..!" This made a lot more donation pile in, and I took 6 more glasses of water by 5 minutes of me saying that. Eventually, I asked whether I should keep using water or have half glasses of apple juice instead, as it goes down way faster. My fans like the idea of apple juice, to I went to go grab a few cartons from my fridge. I came back and took my first half cup of juice.

Another hour later, I was feeling quite desperate. I had notified my fans another 3 times before now of how I needed to go. It wasn't a good day for me. Usually I can hold longer than 2 hours before being desperate. I shifted in my seat, overemphasizing to be more entertaining. I gasped, but only for entertainment, once again. I needed to make sure the stream wasn't boring.

After 20 minutes I really was shifting in my seat and gasping quietly. I was quite desperate now, and I had already consumed 2 pints of apple juice and 30 cups of water. Shut my legs tightly together and my face went pink from holding.

To be continued...

*002*2018-04-28 03:43

||Chapter 1|| (part 2)

By now my hands were already at my crotch, pressing down slightly. I bit my lip and shut my eyes tight, as if that would help. My breaths were getting unsteady and my voice was strained when talking. I was loosing composure quickly, and needed to regain it. I exhaled and sat up straight, hands still on my crotch and hips wriggling on the seat. There was another donation, so I took another glass of juice. My bladder had already inflated twice its size, and my legs were shut as if they were watertight doors.

I felt a spurt escape into my panties, nothing too big to see. I did feel the wet part of my panties through my hands. i pressed a finger on my pee-hole, hoping it would help, and it did.

I took another glass of juice, this time drinking it slowly rather that chugging it down. I whimpered and put my hands back in between my legs. Before long, I had lost another spurt. I helped my pee-hole again, and started regaining composure.

It had been 3 and a half hours by now, and I was getting quite desperate. I told the chat to stop giving donations, so I could just focus on holding myself. I squirmed in my chair and made sure the towel was underneath me. I lost another spurt. This one lasted longer and was harder to control and to stop. If I had been wearing jeans or leggings, anyone could be able so see it. I was so glad I put a skirt on. If I hadn't worn a skirt, this situation wold be a whole lot worse.

I crossed my legs and thrusted my chest forward. Soon I would have wet myself and would have ended the stream, but I really wanted to break my record of 4 hours and 20 minutes. I whimpered and made strange noises of stress as I lost another long spurt. I almost felt like letting it go and relieving myself of the stress.

I was so tired of holding myself, and I looked up at the camera with a defeated look. I stood up and pulled the towel under my feet. Standing up made me feel even worse, and I lost another spurt, which dripped onto the towel at my feet. The time mark was exactly 4 hours. I pulled my hands out of my crotch and I massaged my inflated bladder. I spread my legs apart and let myself relive.

The hot liquid streamed down my legs and onto the towel. I groaned as the feeling was amazing. I continued for about 2 minutes with groaning and a lifted face, before pushing harder to pick up the pace. After 3 minutes, I stopped and looked up at the camera, saying goodbye to my watchers and turning off the stream.

I looked around. I pulled the drenched towel to the washing machine and then took off my went clothes. Once I was naked, I lay on my bed and wiped myself clean with wet wipes. I then put on a pull-up diaper and put a pink t-shirt on. I stood up and went to the set and cleaned the floor before going back to my room to sleep. I drank a big glass of orange juice before falling asleep.

*004*2018-04-28 03:45

{{Just now, YourFNF said:

Interesting I'm actually thinking about doing something like this IRL.

}}

You absolutely should. I think you could get a good audience from it.

*007*2018-05-04 02:31

||Chapter 2||

Another Stream

I woke up at 1PM, remembering about the stream I promised to do today. It had been 3 days since the last stream, and I had got good money from it. This stream would be a free one. No donations necessary.

I stripped myself naked and put some diaper rash medicine and baby powder on. I strapped on a diaper and ate some ice cream half-naked. After cleaning my bowl, I put on a striped t-shirt and some pink yoga pants (which easily presented the diaper I was wearing nicely. Once I relieve myself in it, my butt will look even bigger! I chuckled to myself before setting up a camera in my baby room.

Even though I love being in diapers and baby things, I don't like to sleep in my crib at night when I'm not recording. I like having a computer and other stuff in my room that wouldn't normally be in a babies room. I like having a room to just record in, so I don't need to move everything out every time I record myself.

I put some makeup on that made me look like a baby, the cheeks and lips were everything. I start the stream and sit in my crib, a pacifier in my mouth and teddy bear in hand. I had disabled chat so I wouldn't get distracted with notifications like I would normally.

I waved to the camera and sucked on my pacifier, dimples in my cheeks. I laid on my back and struggled like turtle, to show off my diaper and look cute. opened my mouth and my pacifier fell out. I started sobbing loudly like a baby for a few seconds, before shoving a bottle of milk into my mouth.

I decided that I didn't look like a baby enough with the yoga pants on, so on-camera I slid them off and sat, in a kneeling pose, on my legs. I bounced up and down, as the milk had gone down fast. It was a big bottle, and I had finished it quite quickly. I wriggled like a toddler would when they need to go potty. I cooed and bounced, feeling myself need to go more and more. Even though I was wearing I diaper, I still like to hold myself in sometimes.

After another smaller bottle of milk go down, I went into a position where my legs were spread to the camera, almost like a sex position. I moaned like a toddler and let myself go, the warm yellow liquid rushing into my diaper. I felt the diaper grow and I smiled, not finished peeing yet. After a minute passed, I began to think my diaper would leak. This might be the longest I've peed in a while. I barely even felt relief by the 3rd minute mark, and I was still going. This might of been because of the gallon of apple juice I drank last night to torture myself. I hadn't gone before the stream started, to I suppose this was the first time I peed since yesterday morning.

Another minute passed, and I felt the diaper grow even larger. I had never felt it grow so large, as I normally change myself before this. I was breathing heavily, it felt so ridiculously refreshing. I was madly turned on, and I felt I had so much more to go. I knew my fans would be recording this, posting it on their own channels showing that they were there for the entire time, and showing the world the longest pee.

After several more minutes, I felt my diaper begin to leak, so I undid it, not knowing I was still going. I had thought I had stopped, since I had grown used to the feeling. When the diaper loosened, I realized I was still going. I pressed my finger against my hole to stop the flow while I changed myself. I struggled to my changing mat and grabbed a diaper. I lost a few spurts on the mat by the time my fresh diaper was on. I sat back down on my bed and wriggled again, as I was not quite relieved yet.

I went into a different position, the camera looking at my butt with my legs spread down. I was almost in a crawling stance, but my legs and butt were pushed up to the camera. I began to pee again, feeling more warmth fall into my comfortable diaper. My diaper sagged once 2 minutes passed. I thought I might have to change myself one more time before I finish. I began to feel something else creep into my butt. It was poop. I squeezed my butt cheeks together, holding it in for the next diaper. It was quite hard to do, since there was still something gushing out the other side. I finally finished, no leaks, no damp spots.. yet. The diaper was saggy though, but it wasn't uncomfortable. I decided to stay in it.

My cheeks puffed as I held in the mess. I wouldn't be able to hold it in much longer, but it would be worth the try. Just as I thought I could hold it in, I felt it creep into my diaper, squishing into my butt and all the way to my front. It was quite a big one. I turned on the smell sensor for the stream (just imagine they exist). My diaper grew heavier as I dumped another load into the already full diaper. I wanted to change myself, but it felt so good up against me that I decided against it. I wriggled my butt, feeling my mess squish even more. The feeling was amazing.

After 2 hours, I decided to change myself one last time and end the stream. My diaper was showing brown on the outside, and leaving stains. I would have, since I had done 3 more big ones since an hour ago. When I walked, I was waddling even more than if it was just a big diaper. I set myself on the changing mat and pulled the messy diaper off. I folded it and threw it away after giving the camera a good show of it half-naked. I took my shirt off and waddled around, my entire nether-regions a lovely brown color. I turned on some music and danced, loving the feel of being naked.

Once the stream was off, I cleaned myself up. I went to my kitchen and treated myself to some chocolate before hopping into my bed. I needed to pee again, so I turned a lamp on and pressed my fingers onto my bladder. I relieved myself in the bed and went to sleep with the warm sensation still flooding out of me.

