Abby: Boardroom Despair

Author: Kayn

*013*2023-04-09 20:27

Part 4

Abby bit her lip as she held back a sigh. God, I really have to pee.

It wasn’t an understatement. Ever since they’d driven off from the site of the new office, Abby’s urinary urge had increased substantially, to the point where she was seriously worried. Maybe it was because she no longer had the distraction of a meeting discussion to take her mind off of it, or perhaps it was the AC which Thomas had turned on that was now chilling the interior of the vehicle. Whatever it was, her bladder seemed to have kicked it up a notch in its fight against her sphincter, and somehow Abby had to bear it while sitting there in that cramped space, pretending like nothing was wrong.

By now she truly was desperate, in all senses of the word. It was just past 11 o’clock, meaning it had been three hours since her need had arisen, but her wait would go on because they were still a long way from their destination. All she could do was hope that there would be no obstacles on the road so that they could get back to the office as soon as possible, where she could rush to the nearest toilet, tug her skirt up and…

Abby shook her head. No, don’t think about that! She could feel her bladder pulsing just at the thought of a toilet. Her arms lay on her thighs as her legs jiggled up and down in place. She didn’t want to make a scene, but she simply could not keep still by this point. Her sphincter was under a significant amount of duress, and the movements seemed to be the only thing keeping the flood inside at bay. She just hoped her boss, who was sitting next to her, wouldn’t take note of her wriggling. Struck by a feeling of déjà vu, she was suddenly reminded of that business trip she’d taken last year with Mrs. Wilkins, where they’d gone to meet with Mr. Lee.

What a horrible trip that had been — just thinking about it made her feel distressed and embarrassed. Following a series of unfortunate incidents, Abby had ended up in the back of a cab with her boss with the most agonizingly full bladder she had ever suffered in her life. It felt like she was now faced with a similar situation, in the back of a car next to Mrs. Wilkins, though she didn’t have to go as bad as she did back then. By some miracle, she’d somehow made it that time, but it had been a close thing, and tears had been shed, so bad was her desperation at the end. It had been one of the worst experiences of her life, and not one she wanted to replicate today.

Her kidneys, however, didn’t seem to share the sentiment. Apparently intent on making her suffer as much as possible, they seemed to be pumping a river of pee into her bladder like there was no tomorrow. As the minutes went by, Abby could feel her bladder getting heavier and heavier, the sharp stinging between her legs growing in intensity. Oh, please, just stop already, she begged of her body, but of course it would not listen. Biology will run its course no matter what, and no amount of pleading from a desperate young girl could prevent that.

This continued on for thirty minutes. They zoomed along down the highway, which thankfully for Abby was clear of traffic, so at least they were making good progress. The conversations among the occupants had slowly died down into a lull, so now they went in silence. Abby’s thighs fanned in and out rapidly; she was very aware of the rustling noise it made as the fabric of her tights rubbed up against her skirt, but again, she simply could not stop. Fortunately, no one seemed to pay any mind. Even so, she was doing her best to act nonchalant, putting on an expression of boredom as she stared out the window, looking at the cars and buildings whipping past as they drove on. Unfortunately, none of her acting could make the pain more bearable, and it was getting increasingly difficult to keep her burden from showing outwardly.

Many miles further down, Abby gazed wishfully out the window as they passed by a rest area next to the highway. The giant road sign next to the ramp leading into it bore the universally recognized restroom symbols, almost inviting her in. Abby wanted so badly for Thomas to pull in, just for two minutes, that’s all she needed. But she was too shy to speak up in front of everyone and admit her need, and Thomas, totally unaware of her situation and clearly intent on getting back as soon as possible, stayed firm in the left lane and zoomed right past the exit, leaving behind any possibility of relief for the young woman in the backseat.

All Abby could do was sigh inwardly and do her best to keep herself together. Her thighs and knees remained glued together, though her feet remained apart, the tips of her heels touching the floor while the heels bobbed up and down in the air. Her agitation was only growing worse with every mile they drove. Every five minutes, she was wondering how much further they had to go before they arrived; given her unfamiliarity with the area, it was impossible to tell. Finally, her patience running thin, she fished out her phone from her handbag and hurriedly typed the address of the Rosen office into the map, though not before turning down the brightness so her boss couldn’t see what she was up to.

After a moment’s calculation, the GPS estimated another 20 minutes left to reach the office. That’s not too bad, Abby thought to herself, her mood lightening ever so slightly now that she knew they were close. It was 11:40, meaning they would be due to arrive at noon as planned. Just twenty more measly minutes, surely there won’t be any trouble now…

…but it seemed today was just not Abby’s lucky day. Because no sooner had they exited the highway and merged onto the road that led to the office did they come face to face with a line of traffic stretching out into the horizon.

“Dammit,” Thomas piped up from up front. “Had a feeling this would happen. Looks like we’ll be here a while.”

“It’s that construction crew, they’re repaving the road,” Susan added in a disgruntled tone. “Of course they had to pick now of all times…”

Abby stared in horror at the sheer number of cars that stretched out in front of them. Oh my god, please, no, not now! She suddenly remembered the line of traffic she’d faced this morning on her way to the office, realizing that this was the same jam. Except that now, it had gotten even worse. What had previously been a mile of traffic had now expanded to at least three or four, and to Abby’s utmost despair, they were at the tail end of the line of cars. Who knew how much longer it would take to get through it all?

The situation was not looking good at all for Abby as they idled in place in the standstill traffic. She winced as she felt a sudden wave of desperation wash over her, her bladder pushing vehemently against her sphincter to let out its contents. Abby pushed her thighs together and clenched her muscles in firm refusal, her knees bouncing even faster to provide some extra support. This was really getting bad. Oh… please, move faster, please…

Little by little, they inched their way forward, but it was painstakingly slow progress. Abby sat upright in her seat with her hands clutched around her seat belt, pulling it away from her abdomen to keep it from pressing in against her bladder. Seeing herself surrounded by cars in the middle of the road, she once again had a flashback to that fateful trip last year, in the back of that cab with Mrs. Wilkins, stuck in traffic with no possible escape, just like now.

She remembered how helpless she’d felt; she’d been sure that she wouldn’t make it, that she would have a humiliating accident right there in the car next to her boss. But somehow, almost impossibly it seemed, she had made it, and if she could do it then, then she could definitely do it now. Yes, she thought to herself defiantly. I’ll make it, I’ll be fine, we’ll get there in no time… Her optimism certainly helped, boosting her spirits and giving her a surge of willpower to keep her bladder quiet. But she couldn’t do this forever, time was of the essence.

Her GPS had earlier said it would be 20 minutes to the office, but the 20 minutes came and went, and they’d barely made it halfway through the line of cars. It was stop-and-go traffic, the car crawling forward at a snail’s pace, while Abby sat miserably in the backseat, trying to subdue the ticking time bomb in her abdomen. She could practically feel the large volume of urine sloshing around within her with every bump they went over. Genuine concern filled her soft brown eyes as she peered out the window. She stared longingly at every building and store they passed, imagining the toilets that were inside them. If only she could just get off this car, dash across the street, and run into one of those buildings, she could finally be free of this misery. But that was nothing but a fantasy. Seated among these very important executives and colleagues, she simply had to keep her act together, there was no alternative.

The next mile took almost 15 minutes, and still there was a ways to go before they reached the bottleneck. Abby knocked her knees together, grinding her teeth in frustration as she craned her neck, peering out the windshield to try and get any bearing of how much further they had left to go. From the looks of it, there was still a good half a mile left. Irritation bubbled up within her as she laid eyes on the orange cones blocking the left side of the road, causing this huge buildup. Dammit, why did this stupid construction have to be happening now? Abby thought angrily. Deep down, she knew she shouldn’t blame the workers, because obviously they had no hand in her unfortunate predicament. But when one’s bladder is as full as Abby’s was at that moment, it’s hard to think rationally. She bit her lower lip and closed her eyes tight as she fought off yet another pang from her bladder, which were growing more and more frequent. Oh my god, come onnn, please…

Up ahead, Susan was speaking on the phone, calling the office to let them know that they were running late for the meeting. Indeed, it was now 12:20, whereas the meeting had originally been planned to start at 12:00.

“We’re almost through the traffic,” Susan was saying. “We should be there in about ten minutes.”

Ten minutes. Abby hoped she was right. She could manage ten minutes. Though in her state, even such a short time would feel like forever. They were finally approaching the site of construction; once they were past that, it should be smooth sailing. Her legs were shaking fervently, while her hands rubbed up and down her lap, doing anything to keep her distracted. The pressure down below was reaching unbearable levels, but it wouldn’t be much longer now, they were almost there. She clenched her legs in anticipation as they reached the construction zone at last. Directed by a police officer, Thomas carefully weaved in between a line of erected cones as they passed through, and finally, after thirty minutes of traffic, they were through. Abby breathed in relief as they began driving at full speed again, zooming towards the office which was now just five minutes away.

She squirmed and fidgeted feverishly in her seat, but the minutes went by quick enough, and before she knew it, they were passing the security gate and pulling into the parking lot. Thank god, finally… Abby sat upright with her hands clutching her handbag, ready to bolt before Thomas had even parked the car. When he finally did, she was the first out of the car in her eagerness to get inside the building. Even so, she had to stay and wait for the rest of her peers as they disembarked, and they were being frustratingly slow about it. Unable to stay in place, she made a show of stretching her legs as she stepped all over the place, hoping she didn’t look strange in her behavior. No one seemed to notice anything amiss, though, and soon they were all making their way to the entrance, Abby eagerly scurrying along.

As soon as they’d stepped into the lobby, she immediately craned her neck as she looked for a restroom. But once again, much to her annoyance and worry, there were none to be seen.

“Before we go further,” Susan announced, turning to face Abby and Mrs. Wilkins, “I must ask that you wear your guest ID cards. For security purposes, I’m sure you understand.”

“Of course!” Mrs. Wilkins produced her lanyard from her bag and hung it around her neck, while Abby did the same.

“Thank you. And just to let you know,” Susan continued, “most doors and areas in this building have restricted access, and only employee badges can open them. So just make sure you’re always accompanied by someone, don’t go anywhere alone, alright?”

Abby and Mrs. Wilkins nodded in understanding.

“Excellent.” Susan opened her mouth as if to say something else, but just then a new voice cut through the air, cutting her off.

“Mrs. Patterson!” The voice came from a young woman who had just emerged into the lobby from a hallway. She hurried over to Susan and Thomas before continuing. “I just wanted to let you know that everyone’s waiting in the conference room. Should I tell them to wait?”

“No need, Stacey, we’ll begin right away,” Thomas responded. “We’re already late as it is, no point in putting this off any longer. Shall we, everyone?” Turning, he began leading them to the hallway and into the depths of the building. Abby, who’d been standing with her feet clamped together and struggling to stand still, gratefully followed along. She only had one objective in mind now: find a bathroom — immediately! One thing was making her nervous though: Susan’s note about the restricted access within the building meant that she wouldn’t be able to go look for a bathroom on her own, she’d have to ask someone to escort her. Not wanting to bother someone over something so trivial and personal, she sincerely hoped they would pass by a restroom on the way to the meeting room. Yet as they snaked their way through a labyrinth of hallways, passing through one secured door after another, she did not see a single bathroom. Dammit, where are they? There has to be one somewhere!

Abby looked imploringly down the hall, looking at every door they passed and hoping beyond hope it was what she was looking for. But with every step, she was growing seriously concerned. If she couldn’t find a bathroom before the meeting started, she would be in some serious trouble. Who knew how long it would take? There were still a lot of details to discuss, they could very well be in there for hours. Abby shuddered at the thought, grimacing at how full her bladder was already. No, there was no way she could last. She had to find a toilet now, she must!

“And here we are!” Abby’s head snapped up at the sound of Thomas’ voice and saw to her horror that they had arrived at the conference room. No, not yet! She looked around wildly, praying for a bathroom, anything, anywhere!

But there were none, and with no possible excuse to turn around, she found herself walking through the doorway into the large room beyond. It was quite spacious and modern looking, with a large wooden table in the middle stretching across the length of the room. Half the seats were already occupied by an array of well-dressed businessmen and women, having waited patiently for their arrival.

As the rest of them began taking their seats in the remaining unoccupied chairs, Abby’s heart began pounding as she started to panic. The searing between her legs burned with intensity beneath the fabric of her gray skirt, and her bladder throbbed fiercely within her abdomen. Her situation was dire, and she simply couldn’t afford to sit and try to wait out this meeting. She’d have to ask to be excused. There was chatter around the table as people sat talking among themselves while they waited for the new arrivals to get settled. This was her chance to sneak in a quick request; she’d be out of the room before anyone even realized. She began to turn to the front of the room where Susan and Thomas stood, practicing in her head the request she was about to make. She’d only taken two steps, however, when Susan suddenly cleared her throat to get everybody’s attention.

“Everyone, I’d just like to take a moment to introduce these two ladies here,” she turned and indicated to Abby — who immediately froze on the spot as she felt the entire room turn their eyes onto her — and to Mrs. Wilkins. “Renee Wilkins and Abigail Moore! They’ve been working closely with us for some time now and have done impeccable work in their management of the finances regarding the expansion effort. Anyways, since it’s their first time in the building, I just wanted to make sure everyone was well acquainted with them.”

Abby smiled nervously at the room in acknowledgement, painfully aware of everyone looking at her, doing her utmost to keep herself still, but that was nigh on impossible. Her heart began pounding even harder as she realized the room had gone silent and everyone’s attention was now focused up at the front where Susan and Thomas were already taking their seats. How am I going to excuse myself now?? If she wanted to leave, she’d have to announce it to the whole room while everyone was looking at her. But she couldn’t do that now, not right after she’d been introduced, and not in front of all these people!

“Alright,” Thomas, having settled in his seat, spoke to the room. “Now that we’re all here, let’s get down to business!” Nods and the shuffling of folders and papers filled the room as everyone around the table prepared to get started. Abby felt her heart sinking and her panic flaring as she realized that there was no way out. The meeting had begun, and it would look ridiculous and unprofessional if she asked to leave now. With no other choice left, she bowed her head, shuffled over to the empty chair next to Sydney and sat down, directly across from her boss. All the while, her brain was screaming at her to turn around and get out of this room, and her bladder throbbed and pulsed painfully under her skirt.

“Now,” Susan was saying, “we have a lot to go over, but let’s try to keep this no longer than two hours, as I know you all have other work to attend to. I’m thinking we can split it up into two parts with a quick break in the middle. That sound okay to everyone? Excellent. Alright, let’s start off with…”

Susan’s words melted off into the background as Abby glanced apprehensively at the little round clock that hung on the wall opposite her, her mind racing feverishly. Two hours… But only one thing that Susan had said was running through her mind. A quick break in the middle. That was her final hope. Two hours was downright impossible, but to last one hour until the break… it would be difficult — hell, it would take a gargantuan effort, but she might just be able to hang on. She had to! Because if she couldn’t… she shuddered to even think it. No, that could not happen. She could hold on. She had to.

*016*2023-04-17 02:02

Part 5

Just five minutes into the meeting, Abby was stressed beyond belief.

They had hardly just begun, and already she was fighting for her life. She sat shaking in her chair, the muscles of her lower torso and thighs clenched tighter than she could ever remember. It had only been five minutes, but already she was counting down the seconds in her head as she prayed for the time to go faster. But if anything, it seemed like the opposite was happening. Every time she glanced up at the clock — which she seemed to be doing every minute — the long hand appeared to have not moved a millimeter. Funny how the fuller your bladder is, the slower time seems to go. Another cruel trick of the universe.

And to make everything worse, Abby still had to try and pay attention to what was going on in the discussions. Words were being exchanged, documents were handed back and forth, and it all seemed a blur to her as she sat there using most of her energy trying not to pee herself. She knew that at some point she will have to speak about certain matters, things that she had come prepared to talk about, and when that time came, she’d have to muster up the strength to speak confidently and answer any questions that would be thrown her way. But right now, the desperation that plagued her was so great that she could barely even make out what people were saying.

Pull yourself together, Abby! She ground her teeth together, grabbing and squeezing the edges of her skirt as she squished her thighs together, doing anything to get some level of control against the mighty thrusts of her bladder. Trying to think through the fire between her thighs, she glared intently at the piece of paper in front of her, the document which one of the businessmen on her left was currently going over. The words seemed to swim in front of her eyes, and it took every bit of effort she had left to just register what the man was saying. God, how am I going to be able to talk in this state? Yet again, she began to feel a rise of panic within her at the imminent prospect of embarrassing herself in front of all these important people. What if she started stuttering like a schoolgirl when it came her turn to speak? What if someone noticed her squirming around and thought something was wrong with her? What if…

No, don’t think about that! Abby silently urged herself. But no matter what she did, nothing could quell the mounting concern within her, which seemed to be growing in parallel with the fullness of her bladder. She sucked in her breath, closing her eyes as she felt a wave of urgence flaring up in her abdomen, intensifying the stinging sensation at her crotch to intolerable levels. Her back arched upright, she quickly leaned forward at the edge of her chair, crossed her legs at her ankles, raised her heels and began bouncing her legs rapidly under the table, all the while praying internally for the sudden surge to die down. It did, ever so slowly, and by some miracle Abby managed to clamp off any leaks. But the heavy, dull pressure was still there, stronger than ever before, bearing down against her sphincter in its relentless fight. Her legs did not stop bouncing.

Ohhh… her soft doe eyes looked imploringly up at the round white clock for the thousandth time, hoping that somehow, magically, an hour had already gone by. How has it only been fifteen minutes?! She wanted to sob in misery. She had to pee so bad by this point that she could feel it in her teeth. Clamping her jaw shut, she drew short, tight breaths through her nose. She felt like she was walking on a tightrope; one sudden move, even a single wrong breath may push her bladder in the wrong way, and the result would be disastrous.

And somehow, even after all these hours, it was still getting worse, her kidneys utterly unforgiving in their biological function as they ruthlessly piled on to her suffering, funneling more and more hot urine into the ever-expanding sac below. How could one measly organ cause so much pain and torment? It was ridiculous. As the minutes ticked by and her desperation inevitably grew worse, all her concern and worry started boiling over into anger. Why did this have to happen today?! The most important day of her professional career, and of course she’d ended up trapped in a boardroom with a bursting bladder. It was so unfair.

The discussions were slowly starting to veer towards the topics in which she would have to participate. She had to be ready to speak now, no matter how bad her situation was. She had a job to do, she had a responsibility to Rosen Industries, to her boss Mrs. Wilkins, to herself. No matter how badly she had to pee, she had to swallow it up and perform. She balled up her hands tightly in determination, rubbing them up and down along the sides of her thighs. Come on, you can do this!

“…and I believe Renee and Abby here have the full details on that.” Susan gave an expecting glance at the two of them.

Mrs. Wilkins was, as always, right on top of things, and quickly nodded in acknowledgement. “Right, Abby and I can take you all through a quick summary. Abby, perhaps you’d like to start with the first bit?” She looked up pointedly at Abby, setting the stage for her to begin.

Abby felt her heart pounding in her chest again as she felt all the eyes in the room turn to her again. Just relax. Taking a deep breath, she clumsily grabbed the relevant document which detailed the content she had to talk about. Just act normal. Acting normal, however, was significantly more difficult when it felt like the contents of Hoover dam was trying to escape her urethra. But there was no other option, she had to fight through it and put on her best appearance. Here, surrounded by all these sophisticated businessmen all around her and her boss sitting right across the table, she simply could not embarrass herself.

Clearing her throat, she forced a smile onto her face, straightened up, and began to speak. “We can start on page twenty-four, where we can see an overview of the figures regarding…” Her voice felt tight, and it took an unnatural effort to get the words to come out of her throat. But as she spoke and got into a flow, it slowly became more manageable. Nevertheless, the unrelenting pressure in her abdomen was at the forefront of her mind, no matter how hard she tried to ignore it.

Somehow, through an incredible effort, she managed to hold her composure above the table, just about retaining her professionalism and giving off an air of nonchalance while keeping the edge off her voice. This was, however, in stark contrast to the chaos that was unfolding below the desk, where her legs were shaking with the vigor of a child that had consumed far too many sweets. It was a necessity; the constant movement seemed to be the only barricade against the flood that threatened to break loose at any moment.

Abby and Mrs. Wilkins took turns speaking over the next fifteen minutes or so, going over all the aspects which they were in charge of, all while the men and women around the table nodded along, took some notes, and occasionally asked a question in passing. All the while, Abby waged her internal battle in silence, refusing to let it be shown outwardly. While her top half continued to smile and nod like the proper young businesswoman she was, her bottom half hidden under the desk sustained its feverish dance as her legs bounced, swung, jiggled, and crossed over each other nonstop. But in the end, to Abby’s relief, she was able to get through it all without any major hiccups, and soon the discussions had turned to a different topic, one in which she had no part in, so now at least she could just sit there without the burden of having to talk.

Whatever happiness she derived from this, however, was short-lived when she saw that there was still at least another thirty minutes to go until the break Susan had promised at the start. It was unbelievable. She could’ve sworn they’d been in here for two hours already! Feeling the intense urge threatening to overcome her again, she gripped the sides of her chair tightly and pressed her thighs together as she looked helplessly towards Susan, who was now going on at length about whatever topic they were on now.

Ohh, please just hurry up. Please call for a break, I can’t wait much longer… Her internal pleas went unheard as Susan continued to drawl on at length, completely unaware that the young lady sitting on her left was absolutely dying for the toilet, her every word furthering her misery more and more. Oh my god, when will this end?? Abby thought in total despair as she writhed in her seat, twisting her legs in any way, trying to find some position that would give her some comfort. She couldn’t find any.

By this point, her frantic movements had grown so vigorous that she could no longer keep them discreet. At one point, as her thighs furiously fanned in and out across her chair, she noticed Sydney — who sat to her right — turn and look at her legs with a puzzled expression, no doubt wondering what on earth Abby was so restless about. Feeling a blush creeping to her face, Abby quickly ceased the movement and tightly crossed her right leg over the left, leaning forward as she tried to apply as much pressure onto her urethra as possible, fighting to keep control while moving as little as possible. Eventually Sydney turned her attention back to the meeting without much question, but Abby couldn’t help but feel embarrassed at having drawn attention to her strange behavior.

Tears formed in her eyes as the fiery burning between her legs intensified even more. She blinked them away as she looked up longingly towards the clock yet again, almost willing the time to go faster. But that didn’t seem to work either. All she could do was squeeze her muscles tight and wait it out, minute by minute, one bit at a time. She could make it, she had to. There was simply no other option. Whatever happened, she would do whatever it took to make it out of this room without incident.

***

Sydney Thompson twirled her pen in circles between her fingers. The movement helped a bit to relax her hand, which was starting to tire, having been curled over a piece of paper over the last half hour, scribbling notes about the discussions. Ever the diligent worker, her razor focus had been on from the beginning, her mind jumping only between the words being uttered around the table and the ever-filling notepad in front of her, her fingers flitting deftly across it as she wrote.

Focused as she was, though, sometime into the meeting, Sydney had started getting distracted by the slight commotion that was happening on the seat to her left, which was occupied by one of the visitors, the young woman called Abby. Sydney couldn’t help but notice how restless she seemed to be. She didn’t think much of it at first. Everyone got restless after sitting for a long time, so some fidgeting was perfectly normal. Figuring that this was probably the reason, Sydney had gone back to her notetaking, paying no further attention to her seat neighbor.

As the meeting progressed, however, it seemed like the girl next to her just couldn’t stop moving. If anything, her nonstop wriggling seemed to be getting worse as time went on. Out of the corner of her eyes, Sydney could just about make out the outline of Abby’s legs, which seemed to be performing a jig, bouncing this way and that as her heels practically danced along the floor in front of her. What on earth is up with her? Sydney wondered in bemusement. She was squirming all over her chair as if there were ants crawling up her skirt. Sydney wasn’t finding it very amusing though. This was a very important meeting, she needed to pay close attention to ensure she didn’t miss any important details, and Abby’s peculiar behaviors were irritatingly distracting.

To Sydney’s chagrin, there seemed to be no end to it. Even while she spoke, Abby’s legs had been bobbing up and down underneath, and Sydney found herself wondering what could be causing this agitation. Was she really nervous? No, that couldn’t be it, she sounded confident enough while she was speaking. What then? It had to be something. At one point, when she turned her head and caught a glimpse of Abby’s face, she saw that it was clouded with worry. In fact, she looked quite stressed, with her brow furrowed and her lips pursed tight. Something was definitely bothering her, there was no doubt about that.

Is she feeling ill? Or maybe… maybe she really needs to… And that’s when it dawned on her. She has to pee! It was evident now. All those movements, the look of concern on her face, those anxious glances up at the clock… she was clearly in need of a visit to the ladies’ room — and very badly, from the looks of it. It made sense; they’d been out since 9 o’clock that morning, and since then, Abby had never left Sydney’s sight. Evidently, her morning coffee had caught up with her in quite a big way.

Suddenly, Sydney found herself feeling bad for her; her constant jiggling had been distracting, but it was only born out of an uncontrollable need, and it was clear that Abby was in quite a bit of distress. She could empathize, having been caught short in similar circumstances herself; trying to contain yourself while dying to pee in a long meeting was certainly not a pleasant experience. As the meeting dragged on, she could hear Abby’s soft urgent sighs next to her, enunciating her dire need in a subtle but clear way. She really did look to be in quite some trouble.

Sydney wondered why she didn’t just excuse herself from the room to go and take care of her urgent need, but then she found herself answering her own question: no doubt she was embarrassed at the prospect of causing a disturbance by interrupting the whole meeting, especially in the presence of so many company executives. Not to mention the fact that, since Abby was an outside visitor, her guest ID card wouldn’t even be able to open the security doors that led to the restroom, so she would need to get someone to escort her there. It was quite the predicament. It seemed her best option now was to hold tight until the break, during which she would finally be able to scurry off to the toilets which she desperately needed. If anything, at least she wouldn’t have to wait much longer; they were only about 20 minutes from the halfway point, and Susan was likely to call for a break by then.

On top of all this, Sydney couldn’t help but notice that Abby wasn’t the only one that was acting up at the table. Her boss Mrs. Wilkins, sitting across the table, seemed to be in quite a state herself. Sydney hadn’t noticed at first, having been preoccupied with Abby’s struggle, but when she had leaned back in her chair at one point to stretch her back, her eyes were immediately drawn to Mrs. Wilkins’ legs, which were bouncing frantically under the desk, so much so that the bottom edge of her gray trousers flapped about in the air. The sheer intensity of the movement left no doubt that it was not born out of boredom, but rather an urgent, burning need, quite like Abby’s. Very much the experienced professional, however, Mrs. Wilkins showed no indication of it on her face, which was as blank and expressionless as ever.

Nevertheless, if one knew what to look for, like Sydney did at that moment, the signs of her dilemma were certainly there, however subtle she tried to make them: the endless prancing of her feet, the frequent shifting of positions, the stolen glances at her wristwatch. It seemed that both their visitors had the misfortune of being burdened with very full bladders, and seemingly no opportunities to pour out its heavy contents. Sydney suddenly felt grateful that she hadn’t ended up in a similar situation, internally thanking herself for her decision to forgo her usual cup of morning coffee. That was a decision she had made knowing full well that this morning and afternoon would be packed with very few chances to nip away for a bathroom break, and although she’d missed her daily dose of caffeine, not having to worry about a bursting bladder had been worth it.

As the minutes went by, Sydney could sense the girl next to her rocking ever so slightly in her seat, and one quick sideways glance was enough to tell that her entire body seemed to be tensed up tight. Her knees were pushed up against each other, thighs rubbing up and down as she struggled to find any position of comfort, though if the despairing look in her eyes was any indicator, none were to be found. Sydney was starting to become genuinely concerned for her sake and began to question whether she’d even be able to last until break.

From the looks of her, there was no doubt that she was having an emergency. Poor girl, she really should ask to be excused. And yet, it seemed she still couldn’t bring herself to speak up and interrupt the meeting. Sydney couldn’t blame her; had she been in that situation, she probably wouldn’t have had the guts to do it either. After all, she too was just a junior employee, and it would simply be too intimidating to walk out with so many of her superiors in the room.

Nevertheless, as desperate as she was, Abby seemed determined to soldier on, perhaps spurred on by the fact that she wouldn’t have to wait too much longer. Break time crept ever closer, and with it the end of her suffering. All she had to do was wait out this final stretch.

***

Five minutes, just five more minutes… come onnn, oh my god…

Abby writhed in anguish, feverishly counting the seconds in her head as she waited for the break. It was so close, she was almost there, she just had to hold on for just a few more minutes…

She could hardly even think straight at this point, much less pay attention to the words being spoken at the table. It felt like there was a fire blazing at her crotch, her rock-hard bladder weighing down forcefully against her poor, exhausted sphincter, which was the only barrier holding back the vast ocean within her. Her composure was falling apart as her desperation rose to excruciating levels. Her legs shook haphazardly and fervently, her tight gray skirt getting stretched this way and that with every movement. It took so much energy that she was practically panting, her breath ragged and shaky as she inhaled and exhaled. She could sense Sydney’s glances from next to her, but she was too desperate to even care. All that mattered now was that she held on just a little bit longer, just a couple more minutes…

As the clock struck one o’clock and one of the men across the table slowly wrapped up his spiel, Abby looked pleadingly towards Susan, her hands gripping the sides of her chair tight, waiting for her to announce the break. Please, just call for a break, oh please please please… Susan glanced up at the clock, clearly noticing that they were at the halfway point. Yes, that’s right, it’s time! As she opened her mouth to speak, Abby was already perched on her heels, ready to pop out of her seat the moment Susan was done talking.

“Well, looks like we’re halfway through,” Susan began, “and I’m quite pleased with the progress we’ve made so far, we actually managed to cover more than I expected. You know what,” Susan looked around the table. “I know I said we’d take a break, but seeing as there’s not much left to cover, would everyone be okay if we just power through? It would be easier to just get this over with, I think.”

What? NO! Abby’s heart hammered in her chest as sheer panic flared within her. Oh my god, no, please, someone say no, SAY NO! But to her horror, nods and murmurs of agreement resonated around the table, everyone seemingly content with Susan’s plan to skip right through the break. No, please! Abby wanted to cry. This can’t be happening. She knew she should say something, she had to speak up. But the embarrassment of begging for a toilet break in front of all these senior executives was just too much to overcome, and she simply couldn’t get herself to open her mouth. All she could do was watch helplessly as they unanimously agreed to continue the meeting.

But just then, Mrs. Wilkins suddenly cleared her throat. Leaning forward in her seat, she looked apologetically towards Susan. “Actually, I’m so sorry, but would it be alright if I excuse myself for a moment? I really need to use the restroom.”

“Oh yes, of course, Renee!” Susan nodded in understanding. She looked around. “Sydney, would you please show Renee to the restrooms?”

“Yes, Mrs. Patterson!”

Upon hearing this, Abby almost burst into tears of happiness. Yes! Oh my god, thank you Mrs. Wilkins! This was her chance; she was saved after all. Sydney had gotten to her feet, as had Mrs. Wilkins, and Abby opened her mouth to request that she join them on the way out. Before she could even get a word out, however, Mrs. Wilkins began to speak again.

“I apologize again, I know I was supposed to speak next. But while I’m gone,” she looked up at her young protégé across the table, who sat in her chair with her mouth partially open, still waiting to ask if she could go use the bathroom. “Abby knows all the details just as well as I do, so she can get started on it until I get back.” For the second time in two minutes, Abby felt another surge of panic blossoming in her chest. She could hardly believe what she’d just heard. As everyone turned to face her, she must’ve looked like a deer caught in headlights. Sensing everyone’s eyes on her, she fought to clear her face and maintain any sense of normalcy, but internally, she was screaming. No, Mrs. Wilkins, please, you can’t leave me here, I can’t wait any longer! But it was already too late.

“Excellent!” Susan had turned to look at Abby, who realized that there was no getting out of this now. “Well, Abby, shall we get started, then?” No, we shall not! Every fiber of her being was trembling with desperation, and it took an effort just to stop herself from breaking down into tears. But what was she to do, deny a request by the head of the company? Left with no other choice, she swallowed a sob and nodded meekly, fumbling about with the papers in front of her as she fought to gather herself. She had no idea how she was going to speak for the next few minutes.

As Mrs. Wilkins turned and followed Sydney out of the room, Abby could only watch with longing and envy. Oh, how she wished she could spring from her seat and run out with them, more than anything! But then the door closed behind them, and they were gone. And she was still trapped here.

*023*2023-04-23 19:24

And now for the grand finale!

Part 6

“Sorry to pull you out of the meeting like that, dear,” Mrs. Wilkins said to Sydney as the conference room door closed behind them. “I really appreciate you taking me, I don’t think I could’ve waited!”

“Of course, it’s no problem at all!” It was just a polite response, but it was true, Sydney didn’t mind the interruption. It was quite evident that Mrs. Wilkins needed to use the toilets very urgently, and Sydney, driven by her sympathetic nature, was more than happy to help. Sensing the older woman’s unease, she walked quickly down the hall, not wanting to delay her any longer than necessary.

But as they snaked their way through the hallways, it was not Mrs. Wilkins who Sydney was thinking about, but rather her younger colleague Abby, who had been held up back in the conference room. With a pang of pity, she thought back to the look on Abby’s face, just for a split second, the look of sheer despair as she realized she’d have to stay behind and speak while her boss went to take a restroom break that she also desperately needed. Sydney had felt so bad for her, seeing her sitting there suffering and unable to do anything about it.

Without any way to help her, Sydney had had no choice but to merely turn away and lead Mrs. Wilkins out of the room, but she was filled with concern for her sake. She hoped the poor girl would be alright. Surely, she could last until the end of the meeting, right? She did seem to be incredibly desperate, though. But no, she’s a grown woman, she’d be able to wait it out. Besides, the meeting wouldn’t go for much longer, they’d already covered most of the discussions. Reassuring herself that Abby would be just fine, Sydney tried to put the matter out of her head.

As they approached a security door, Sydney had to fumble with her ID card to scan it. She could hear Mrs. Wilkins stepping restlessly in place as she waited, clearly not appreciating the barrier, though she said nothing to indicate it. Having scanned her card, Sydney looked back to see the woman standing with her fists on her waist, staring intently at the door as her knees wobbled in place. Pushing open the door, Sydney held it open for Mrs. Wilkins, who looked quite relieved to be moving again.

From here, the restrooms were just up ahead, two unmistakable doors at the end of the hallway. Indicating to the Ladies’ room, Sydney stood aside and gestured for Mrs. Wilkins to go ahead, who did so gratefully. Deciding it would be wise to make use of the opportunity, Sydney followed her in as she pushed through the door.

Once inside, Mrs. Wilkins wasted no time. She hurried towards the nearest cubicle, the clicking of her heels echoing loudly in the quiet and empty bathroom, her hands already unbuttoning her trousers as she went. It seemed that her mask of professionalism was finally breaking down, perhaps due to her proximity to the toilet, as the blank look on her face from earlier had been replaced by one lined with tension. Her pants button was undone by the time she reached the stall, and her right hand was tugging the zipper down before she’d even closed the door, a sight which caught Sydney by surprise. Wow, she really has to go! Clearly, the woman was at her limit and couldn’t afford to waste a second, even if it meant giving Sydney a glimpse of her panties.

The door slammed shut, and as Sydney entered the stall next to hers, she heard the rustle of clothing being pulled down very quickly. What followed immediately after was a soft thud as she sat firmly on the toilet, and then the unmistakable sound of a woman releasing a very full bladder’s worth of pee into the bowl. Having worked at this office for several years, Sydney had heard her fair share of urgent pees from her fellow female colleagues who had been caught short in long meetings or packed schedules. But the gusher that was being produced in the stall next to her was quite exceptional, the loud splashing and echoing hiss an indicator of the significant force of the stream being produced. One thing was for sure, her desperation had certainly not been an act. Even under all that noise, Sydney could just about make out the deep exhaling of air as Mrs. Wilkins heaved out a massive breath of relief.

As Sydney pulled up her skirt to tend to her own need, the stream in the stall next to her droned on and on. She found herself growing more impressed by the second; there was no doubt now that Mrs. Wilkins was sporting some remarkable bladder capacity. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d heard a woman pee for this long. So long, in fact, that Sydney had finished peeing, wiped herself, pulled up her tights and underwear, adjusted her skirt, and was already turning around to flush before the stream finally tapered off to an end. It had been easily over a minute of nonstop, high-pressure peeing. Sydney was actually shocked. How on earth had she been so calm while carrying around such an enormous amount of pee? That woman’s got some serious self-control, she thought to herself in awe.

Sydney was washing her hands at the sink when Mrs. Wilkins finally reemerged from the stall, looking far more relaxed and composed as she joined her. Having freshened up, the two of them made their way back out to the hall, where Sydney once again took the lead as they headed back to the conference room.

As they approached the room, Sydney’s thoughts once again drifted to Abby, wondering how she was getting on. Well, she’d find out in a second — pushing open the door, the two ladies entered the conference room to rejoin the meeting.

***

Alarm bells were blaring in Abby’s head as she stuttered out word after word. She couldn’t remember the last time she had struggled this much to speak. Her voice felt tight and constricted, and the simple task of enunciating words seemed to take an incredible effort. She could feel sweat beading up on her forehead and felt the warmth on her cheeks which were flushed pink. But worse than any of this was one thing, the only thing that clouded Abby’s mind like a swarm of angry buzzing bees: her full, throbbing, pounding bladder.

She had to pee so incredibly badly that it was almost painful. She fought to blink away the tears that swam in her eyes, while down below her legs bounced so furiously they looked like a jackhammer trying to drill through the floor. Her fists, curled up in the tightest of balls, were pushing down against her skirt at the base of her abdomen, a futile attempt to grasp her crotch which was impossible given the tightness of her skirt stretching across her lap. With no hands to hold herself with, all she could do was squeeze her thighs together as tightly as she possibly could to clamp off her urethra, because inside that little hole between her legs was a massive dam full of boiling hot urine straining to come flooding out, and that simply could not happen.

And so, with her whole body practically shaking in her seat, Abby had stumbled on, uttering one word after another, while in her head she was literally praying for this misery to end. She knew how strange she must’ve sounded to those around the table as she stumbled on about the details on the piece of paper she clutched in her hand, but at that moment, she didn’t even care. All that mattered was getting out of this room as soon as possible so she could beeline to the nearest toilet. At the very least, no one seemed to be aware of her embarrassing predicament; most likely they thought the young visitor was just nervous speaking in front of so many senior employees.

So focused was Abby on not totally peeing herself where she sat that she didn’t even notice the door opening and two people walking in until she saw Sydney reassuming her seat next to her. Mrs. Wilkins took her seat on the opposite side as well, immediately flipping through her papers to catch up to what was being discussed.

“Thank you, Abby,” Mrs. Wilkins acknowledged her with a nod as Abby finished explaining her current point with considerable internal difficulty. “I can take it from here.” Oh, thank god. Abby had never been so happy to stop talking.

It had now been over five hours since Abby’s urge had first begun this morning, and by now she was beyond frantic. Her bladder was absolutely bursting at the seams, its walls being stretched beyond its limits like a water balloon being pumped with way too much fluid. And yet, her kidneys didn’t seem to care one jot, mindlessly pumping away more and more filtered urine by the second. She shuddered involuntarily as a devastatingly powerful surge of desperation tore through her body; her vision blurred as her eyes welled with tears, and she bent her head down as she directed every bit of energy she had to her quivering, exhausted sphincter.

But it was tiring out, and her bladder was only getting fuller and stronger. She felt drops of pee starting to dribble through and seep into her panties, and no amount of muscle clenching seemed to stop it. Oh my god, it’s starting to come out… It was so utterly excruciating, she was so unbelievably desperate, and yet, trapped at this meeting in this posh conference room with one of their most important clients, there was nothing she could do but wait, totally helpless in the face of adversity. She wouldn’t have wished this on her worst enemy.

She had no idea how much more of this she could take. All she knew was that she was rapidly running out of time, and if this meeting didn’t end very soon… she couldn’t even bear to think about what that would mean. No, that’ll never happen, it won’t… She could wait, she had to, there was no other way.

But at that moment, waiting was the hardest task in the world, when mere minutes seemed to last a lifetime. Her bladder pulsed and throbbed, its forceful pushes so strong it felt like violent contractions ripping through her entire lower body. With every wave of pressure, she clenched and unclenched her muscles, and each one felt like the end, her heart skipping a beat as, just for a second, it seemed that she’d crossed the point of no return, that her muscles had finally given up for good. But somehow, in some way, she kept going, she kept holding on. Yet deep down, she knew she was merely delaying the inevitable. She couldn’t keep up this fight much longer.

This is unbelievable. For not the first time that day, Abby felt her despair turn to anger and frustration. What did I do to deserve this? It was so embarrassing, even if she didn’t completely flood the seat she was sitting on, her behavior and performance had been abysmal, something her boss would surely not forget.

As another burst of pee shot into her underwear, Abby was seriously starting to panic. Leaning forward at the very edge of her seat, she pushed her balled-up fists as deep into her crotch as she could, her thighs fanning in and out so fast that her knees were banging into each other. Oh, PLEASE just end, I can’t wait, please… Abby was on the verge of crying. Her bladder was on fire, it felt like there were a thousand red-hot knives trying to force their way out of the little hole between her legs. She was so desperate she couldn’t even think. She couldn’t even begin to fathom how she was holding it in anymore.

But her resolve was falling, and her sphincter was failing. She could no longer stop the leaks, which were quickly growing more frequent by the minute. With each little dribble, her panties grew wetter and wetter, and soon the entire front of it was soaked, the wet fabric clinging tightly to her womanhood. Soon it would start to show on her skirt. Oh my god… Her breath was coming in soft gasps, and her heart was pounding in her throat. This was it — she had to do something. She had waited and waited, beyond what seemed humanly possible, and yet the meeting continued without an end in sight, and she simply couldn’t hold on any longer. If she did, the consequences would be disastrous. She had to ask for a break — she really didn’t want to, but she had no other choice. It’s okay, they’ll understand, Abby reasoned with herself. Mrs. Wilkins did it and nobody cared, just do the same.

Having made up her mind, she sat waiting for an opportune moment to interrupt the meeting. All the while, she rehearsed what to say endlessly in her head. Excuse me, may I please go use the restroom? Can I be excused, please? I need to use the restroom. I’m sorry to interrupt, but I need to use the bathroom, can someone escort me? Over and over again she repeated the line to herself, sitting bolt upright in her chair, writhing in absolute agony as she waited for a break in the discussion.

After a few more long minutes, her moment finally came as one of the gentlemen on the far side of the table wrapped up with whatever he was talking about — Abby genuinely had no idea. There was a momentary pause in the proceedings as they pondered which topic to move onto next. This was her chance, and she couldn’t afford to miss it. Heart pounding and flushing beet red, Abby cleared her throat and raised her hand to draw attention.

Susan noticed. “Yes, Abby? You have something to add?”

“Um, n-no, uh, actually…” Abby gulped, trying to swallow the knot in her throat. “I-I just, I have to use the restroom… would someone be able to show me the way?”

“Oh, I see…” Susan seemed to ponder for a moment. “You know, Abby, if you don’t mind, I’ll have someone escort you once we finish up here, alright? Don’t worry, you won’t have to wait long, we’re almost done.”

No, wait, I can’t wait any longer! She tried to retort, but the words caught in her throat, and before she could recover herself, Susan had already taken her silence as agreement and moved on. Yet again, Abby could only watch powerlessly as they continued onto the next matter — just like that, her plea for relief, her last-ditch attempt, had gone unrequited.

Abby was full-on panicking now. She could feel the urine seeping through her sopping wet underwear little by little, spurt by spurt. How on earth was she going to make it out of here? It was too much, it was so incredibly painful, even waiting another ten minutes seemed totally impossible. Her massively swollen bladder protruded out of her abdomen, made very visible by her tight skirt stretched across it, pressing in heavily and applying even more pressure on her pee hole. Pressure that was unbearable, insurmountable, impossible to resist. She felt ready to explode.

As the seconds crawled by at glacial speed, her desperation was getting exponentially worse. There was no more room left in her bladder, it was full to the very brim, and it could no longer be contained. It was starting to come out, and Abby was powerless to stop it. She could feel the wetness creeping up the inside of her thighs as she started losing control with every minute that passed. Oh no, oh god, please no…

Clench. Unclench. Spurt. Clench. Unclench. Spurt.

It was ten minutes since Abby had made her request to be excused, ten minutes that felt like ten years, but Susan’s promise of a short wait had not been delivered. The table was engaged in yet another heated discussion, and it seemed that Susan had completely forgotten about Abby. In fact, not a single soul in the room seemed to be aware, or even care, that the young woman in the red satin blouse was suffering in absolute agony, just moments away from completely wetting herself. Tears threatened to flow down her face as she struggled and failed to hold herself together. She looked towards Susan in utter despair, every muscle of her body contracted in absolute desperation, but the woman at the head of the table was completely oblivious to her.

Spurt. Abby ground her thighs together. Spurt. No, stop, please! Spurt. She shoved her hands so deep into her crotch that her skirt threatened to tear from the force, but Abby didn’t even care. She had to clamp her urethra firmly shut, no matter what the consequences were.

But whatever she tried, it was no use anymore. The pressure was just too much, and her poor beaten sphincter simply did not have the strength to withstand it anymore. Abby was well and truly at the end of her tether. But the meeting was not over. Not even close.

Spurt.

Abby gasped for breath, her fingers clawing at her skirt desperately.

Spurt.

Oh my god, no, PLEASE! Hmmphhh…

Long spurt.

And this time, the sudden gush could not be stopped. Her weakly contracting muscles finally gave out completely, and in seconds, the little spurt turned into a forceful, unstoppable torrent. Her eyes widening and panic and horror, Abby gasped audibly, squeezing her thighs together and shoving her hands down with all her might, but it was too late. Her battle with her bladder was lost.

A loud, clearly audible hiss emanated underneath several layers of clothing as an ocean’s worth of pee began storming out with incredible force. Within seconds, the chair on which she sat was completely flooded, her urine cascading down the front and the sides with such velocity and volume that it resembled a huge waterfall. The hot liquid clattered against the marble tiles with so much noise it sounded as if a fire hose was being directed at the ground. Abby, stupidly refusing to give up fighting even now, continued to keep her thighs glued together in a hopeless attempt to stop the violent stream.

This only ended up making things even worse: half the urine was propelled upwards, pooling at the top of her thighs and spreading out all over the top such that in mere moments, the entire front of her skirt was completely drenched, transforming its initial light gray color into a much darker shade. Waves and waves of pee flowed down the length of her thighs and poured out over her knees, gliding down her calves and shins and soaking up every inch of her tights on its way to join the enormous puddle that was being formed underneath her seat.

Even the tears that Abby had been holding back for so long came rolling down her cheeks as she burst out crying. Unable to bring herself to look at anyone in the room, she closed her eyes and hung her head, her face burning red with total humiliation and unimaginable embarrassment. Even so, she could feel the stares of astonishment and shock coming from every corner of the table as they watched the youngest person in the room completely wetting herself where she sat. Abby sat slumped in her chair, sobbing, enveloped by shock and utter shame. This can’t be real; this has to be some horrible dream… But it absolutely was real, and it was happening right now.

And there seemed to be no end to it either. On and on the stream gushed out of the little hole between her legs, bursting forth with such power that it could’ve torn her panties open. Almost her entire skirt was saturated with urine, as were her tights, and even her feet were submerged in the warm liquid as rivers of pee snaked their way into her high heels. And still the waterfall continued to flow with great strength, quickly turning the puddle underneath her into a massive lake that grew still larger. Those unfortunate enough to be sitting next to her had scurried up off their seats to avoid being splashed by her fluids. Sydney, one of those who’d had to move out of the way, stood with her hand covering her mouth, watching in shocked amazement at what was happening.

At least a full minute and a half had transpired before the stream finally began to slow and taper off to a finish, although it felt like eternity to Abby. As the roar of the waterfall slowly died down to a trickle, the room fell into a stunned silence, interrupted only by Abby’s sobs.

The events that followed were all just a blur to Abby, who remained curled forward in her chair and wanted nothing more than to melt into the floor and cease to exist. She heard vague chatter and footsteps around her as the room was cleared out at Susan’s behest, until only Mrs. Wilkins remained. Her boss spoke, seemingly offering words of comfort, and although Abby nodded meekly along, she barely even heard what she was saying.

It was a disaster. Abby had never been more humiliated in her entire life. How could she go on after something like this? How would she ever be able to show her face at work again, especially with Mrs. Wilkins there? She had seen everything, every single drop of her shameful accident. The most important day of her career, and she had wet herself in the presence of one of their most important clients. It simply couldn’t get any worse.

It was a day that she’d never be able to forget, for all the wrong reasons.

The End
