The Prince Needs to Pee - Rin Penrose Fanfiction

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2025-01-01 06:07

Author's Notes: Though she used the title of 'Prince', Rin Penrose is a woman. This story portrays her as AFAB.

Also, I have never been to the UK, so apologies if the language or imagery is not fully accurate.

###

"Mum... when do you think we're going to get to the hotel?"

Rin Penrose awkwardly shifted back in her seat. The vibrations of the car on the old country roads jostled her small frame. Her fingers restlessly fidgeted with the fabric of her shorts.

"Probably another hour or so." Gin answered from the driver's seat.

"Mmm..." Rin grunted in response. She briefly pressed her thighs together.

"Are you alright, Rin?" Juna Unagi, the eel girl, asked, looking over at Rin from the other seat.

"Yeah, I'm fine." Rin lied, her cheeks growing slightly warm. "I'm just feeling restless, is all."

"You sit at your computer all day," Gin responded, her tone flat, "how can you get restless after two hours in the car?"

"My desk isn't moving at 100 kilometers an hour!" Rin shouted.

"Alright, alright." Gin said sharply.

She looked ahead at the hilly countryside before them. "Well, we're probably not going to have anywhere to stop until we get there." Gin added.

Rin sighed and lowered her head. She looked down at Snebby, the snail plushie, who was sitting politely on her knees. She gently pat his shell.

"Sorry for all the shaking." Rin muttered to the stuffed toy.

Snebby didn't say anything, obviously, he just stared back with his usual smiling face.

"Are you sure you're fine?" Juna asked, "You look pale... Well, paler than usual."

"Yes, I'm fine!" Rin asserted.

"If you're going to be carsick, at least roll the window down." Gin cut in.

"I'm not going to be sick!"

Rin picked up Snebby so she could cross one leg over the other without crushing him. She set him back on her thighs, careful to ensure the snail could balance while she squeezed her legs together.

"Rin..." Juna began.

The Prince looked over to see the eel girl giving her a smug grin. Juna's tail twitched slightly, bumping into Rin's shoulder.

"Do you need to go potty?" She asked. The look on Juna's face was one of pure mischief.

The Prince felt her face turn red. She slammed her hands against the seat.

"No... I... It... That is not the issue!" Rin stuttered.

"If you need to stop, I'm sure I can find a petrol station somewhere." Gin offered.

"A petrol station!?!" The Prince echoed. "That's disgusting!"

She paused for a moment before quickly adding, “Besides, that is not the issue! I don't need the toilet!"

"Ok, ok." Juna said, soothingly, "Just so you know, you can tell us if you do need to stop."

"I know that." Rin hissed in frustration. "I'm fine."

Rin huffed and turned to stare out the window.

The English countryside passed by, full of fields and trees and not a single bathroom in sight.

Rin shifted her legs to cross them the other way.

The Prince was, of course, lying to her mother and Juna. She really did need the bathroom. But she hated to admit such a thing. She was a Prince (female) and a grown woman (allegedly), she could hold it.

Or, she hoped she could.

This was not a proper, regal, ladylike feeling. She didn't need to "power her nose" or "relieve herself". Rin Penrose needed to pee. She needed to pee very badly. She needed to pee so badly she thought her heterochromatic eyes would turn yellow. But she was determined to maintain some level of dignity and composure.

Rin began to bounce her legs restlessly.

After a few seconds, she heard a dull thud. She glanced over and realized her stuffed snail had fallen to the floor.

"Oh, no, Snebby!" Rin shouted.

She leaned forward to pick him up. Only, as soon as Rin had leaned far enough, she was forced to stop. Her breath hitched in her throat.

In her haste to save Snebby, Rin hadn't considered the consequences that such a movement would bring.

Leaning had compressed Rin's bladder and the seatbelt dug into her abdomen.

The pressure inside her spiked. Rin could feel her waste practically being squeezed out of her by all the outside forces.

She squeezed her legs tighter together, forcing them to tangle together into a knot.

"What's the matter, Rin?" Juna asked, though her tone suggested she already knew.

"Nothing." Rin muttered.

She quickly snatched Snebby from the floor and sat back in her seat.

Rin placed the snail on the seat between her and Juna, hoping that would provide a more stable perch than her legs. The Prince gently pat his eyestalks.

"I'm sorry about that, Snebby." She said.

Snebby stared back at Rin. Somehow, his stitched smile seemed much more judgemental than usual, as though he were telling the Prince that she was being foolish and should just admit to her needs and get this over with.

"I said I'm fine." Rin muttered to the snail.

She looked up only to lock eyes with Juna, the eel's knowing grin mocked the Prince.

Rin scowled back before turning towards the window with a huff.

As she began to calm down, Rin realized something. Even though she was no longer leaned over and the seatbelt's tension had eased, the pain inside her had not subsided. It seems she had managed to upset the delicate balance she had struck and now the liquids inside her were more agitated than ever. Rin could feel the urine roiling and crashing against the walls of her bladder with every slight vibration from the car.

The Prince uncrossed and recrossed her legs. Unfortunately, as hard as she squeezed, that no longer seemed to be enough to soothe the mounting pressure between her legs.

She knew she would have to do something else to help ease her discomfort, but she didn't want to give Gin or Juna the satisfaction of putting on an obviously desperate display. Nor did she want to be seen in such a state.

Just as she started to look for a solution, a brand new wave of desperation slammed against her floodgates.

Rin shivered. She hunched forward involuntarily. She inhaled deeply as all the muscles in her lower body tensed up.

The Prince could feel the cracks forming in her defenses. Her pee was swelling against her urethral opening, and the muscles were growing fatigued.

Sitting still definitely wasn't going to work.

Rin glanced around the car to make sure no one was looking.

She pulled her shoulder cape over herself so that it would cover her right arm and her lap.

Rin uncrossed her legs and pressed the palm of her hand into her crotch. The stinging urgency gradually retreated.

Rin bit her lip. She had withstood that particular wave, but how much more could she endure?

"Cold, Rin?" Juna raised a knowing eyebrow.

"Shut the fuck up." The Prince spat back.

For a while, everything remained in an uneasy stasis.

Rin shifted in her seat every so often and switched the hand pressed into her lap when one arm got tired.

Outside of Juna calling attention to random farm animals they passed, the car was silent.

Rin dug her fingernails into her leg. Her knees knocked against one another. She couldn't stop her legs from shaking.

Every time she tried to hold still, Rin would feel the pressure between her legs ramp up. Not that moving was really holding things at bay that well.

The longer the Prince stubbornly refused to admit to her plight, the more fluids built up in her system. At this point, there wasn't much room left for anything to accumulate. The weight of everything she had drank that day was pushing down hard, with only her feeble arm to push it back.

"So, Rin," Juna said, her voice dripping with ill intent, "Did you hear that Fuyo's making an animation out of her bus story."

Rin raised an eyebrow. "Wha-" Her voice caught in her throat. She could barely focus on anything, even talking, with all the effort she was putting in to control the raging rapids inside her.

The Prince cleared her throat.

"What bus story?" She asked.

"You know, the story where she peed herself on that bus trip with her dad." Juna said with a smirk.

Rin let out an involuntary whimper.

"Yeah, she drank a whole boba tea before a four hour bus trip and couldn't hold it anymore." Juna explained.

Rin's face flushed with a mix of anger at Juna and pain from her overburdened bladder.

The suggestion of her genmate wetting her pants conjured up a painful image in Rin's mind. What if that happened to her? Could it?

As if reacting in sympathy to the story of the Leprechaun's ordeal, the Prince's own need surged in intensity. She felt a tingling between her legs. Rin was teetering on the edge of losing control.

She hated to do this because the idea was so uncouth, but necessity overwhelmed Rin's pride- which was no small feat.

Rin parted her thighs and slid her hand further down. She cupped her hand directly over her genitals and squeezed, then clamped her thighs around that for added measure.

Rin pulled her shoulder cape tighter to her body, trying to preserve some shred of her already waning dignity.

"Why are you telling me this?" Rin shouted at Juna.

"I just thought you might be interested in what our genmates are doing."

"Why would I be interested in that? You know I hate talking about things like that!"

"Huh. Guess that slipped my mind." Juna shrugged, feigning innocence. The way her tail twitched gave her away.

"Honestly, why are you all so obsessed with talking about bathroom habits? You, her, and the blue one." Rin muttered.

Juna whipped around to stare out the window.

"Sheep!" She shouted.

That seemed to be enough to distract Juna from whatever she was scheming.

However, the damage had already been done.

Rin felt her face grow hot and a chill run down her spine. She cleared her throat. It was finally time for Rin to swallow her pride (which would take several attempts).

"Mum... do you think we can... stop somewhere soon?" She asked.

"What's wrong?" Gin asked.

"I... I... need to... go to the... toilet..." Rin's voice faded with each syllable, the last word coming out as barely a whisper.

"What was that?" Gin asked. Rin wasn't sure if she was being genuine or intentionally difficult.

"She said she needs to go pee!" Juna shouted, helpfully.

"Oh." Gin glanced around, "Well, we're almost at the hotel. Do you think you can wait until then?"

Rin let out a high-pitched squeal in response.

"Well, unless you want to pop into an alleyway, I'm not sure we have a lot of options." Gin added.

Rin looked out the window. She had been so caught up in her aquatic internal battle that she hadn't even noticed the surrounding environment had shifted from the open countryside to an urban cityscape.

Unfortunately, while there were plenty of buildings around, they were almost entirely offices, small shops, and restaurants, none of which were likely to have restrooms open to the public.

The idea of hiding in an alleyway was tempting, but Rin couldn't bring herself to do that. Even in her most desperate moment, she had to have some standards! She wouldn't even consider exposing herself like that in a public place. What if someone saw her?

The car lurched as Gin ran over a bump in the road.

"Sorry about that." Gin muttered, disingenuously.

The sudden jolt resonated throughout Rin's whole body. She felt a burst of warmth shoot past her floodgates and spread through her underwear.

Her eyes opened wide. Rin's face burned a bright red.

She lifted her feet up onto her seat, perching her feet apart so she could force her thighs together with every bit of strength she had left.

The realization hit her like a brick.

Rin realized she actually might not make it this time.

This wasn't just discomfort, this was an actual struggle. She wasn't inconvenienced or annoyed by this feeling. She NEEDED to pee. Soon. The clock was ticking and she was going to let it out one way or the other.

Rin Penrose was in real danger of wetting her pants!

The Prince couldn't believe she had let things get this far. Between princely etiquette and live streaming, Rin was used to holding it in for long amounts of time. It may have been painful sometimes, and she had to deal with the occasional close call, but she hadn't had a genuine accident since she was a child!

Rin shivered. Goosebumps formed on her pale skin.

Another spurt of pee moistened her underwear.

Rin pressed her free hand on top of the other to try and add just a little more pressure.

She groaned.

"Just five more minutes, alright, love?" Gin said.

"Please hurry..." Rin croaked.

The Prince was extremely thankful she had set Snebby aside. And that she was wearing black pants.

The road to the hotel seemed to stretch on forever, every single traffic light seemed to be conspiring against her.

Rin was spilling more and more with every turn. As hard as she fought to keep it in, there was simply no room in Rin's bladder for any of the additional fluids filtering in.

The palm of her glove began to grow damp. Her shorts were no longer able to contain her constant leaks.

Rin's whole body ached from staying curled up and tensed upon the seat, but any time she tried to move, the waste inside her sloshed around, threatening to erode the last few threads of her endurance.

After what felt like years, the car slowed to a halt. Rin heard the gears shift into park.

"Alright, we're here." Gin announced, "Let's hurry up and get you to the toilet."

Rin groaned in acknowledgement. She removed one hand from between her legs in order to open the door. She started to slide her feet down to the floor. Then...

Psst

A weak, dribbling stream sprung forth into her already saturated panties. Rin could feel small drips worm down her thighs and pool around her butt.

Rin's legs immediately curled back up against her body. Her hand returned to her crotch. She bit her lip and rocked back and forth, thinking of nothing other than stemming the tides.

The Prince was successful in regaining control, but there was a new problem: she couldn't move. She knew that, as soon as she left this position, as soon as she relaxed even a single muscle, the waters would flow.

Rin silently panicked. What could she do now? She could barely make it out of the car, much less into the hotel. But she couldn't just stay here and wait to pee in her mother's car.

"Hey, Rin, are you alright?" Juna asked, gently tapping Rin's shoulder. "We're here. You can get out and go find a bathroom now."

"I... can't." Rin squeaked.

"What do you mean? Can't what?" The eel woman asked.

"I can't move!" Rin choked out.

"Oh!" Juna looked around, "Ok, hold on."

'That's what I'm trying to do!' Rin thought.

She heard the car door open and Juna get out. Was she really going to abandon her right now?

"You go ahead, miss Gin, I'll take care of this." Rin overheard Juna saying outside.

The door next to Rin's crumbled body opened. Juna placed a firm hand on the Prince's shoulder.

"Still keeping those floodgates shut?" Juna asked.

"What kind of question is that?" Rin strained in response.

"Great." Juna said, "Just step out of the car. I'll cover you from this side, the door should hide you the other way."

"C-cover me?"

"So you can pop a squat." The eel explained.

"What?!?" Rin's head shot up in shock. She immediately recoiled as another squirt soaked through her clothes and into her hand.

"Unless you'd rather pee your pants..."

"F-fine." Rin relented.

"Ok, come on." Juna reached out a hand to the bursting Prince.

Rin took Juna's hand and slowly untangled her body. She placed one foot on the floor of the car and dangled the other over the pavement. Her other hand remained planted firmly between her legs, gripping down with all the strength she could muster.

Her entire body was trembling.

Rin felt the golden waters begin to spread between her fingers.

With Juna’s help, Rin was able to stand up and hoist herself out of the car.

The tendrils of Rin’s liquid shame started to drip down her legs.

She looked around. Rin was now standing in the parking lot, between her mother’s car and another parked vehicle. The car door blocked Rin’s body from view on one side, her near 7 foot genmate provided cover on the other.

A bubbling stream began to trickle down, sending golden ripples cascading down both legs. Try as she might, Rin wasn’t able to stop it anymore.

“Ok, you’re all good.” Juna said, releasing Rin’s hand.

If only it were that easy.

Rin released the iron grip on her crotch and began desperately clawing at the button on her shorts.

She was able to get the button free in record time. As soon as she did, the Prince ripped her pants down to her knees.

Her damp panties stubbornly clung to her leaking lips.

Unfortunately, Rin’s bladder didn’t care.

As soon as Rin’s bare pussy felt the touch of the open air, the full tidal force was unleashed.

Frantically, Ring wrestled her panties the rest of the way down, pee spraying wildly over her hands as she did so.

Finally, the Prince dropped down into a low squat. She used the hand that wasn’t completely soaked to lift her shorts and panties out of the way of the oncoming storm- not that it mattered that much, the fabric was already thoroughly soiled.

Rin planted her other hand behind her to help maintain her balance. This was already humiliating enough. The last thing she needed was to fall into her own puddle.

With that, the downpour commenced.

A loud hissing sound pierced the air, only to be immediately drowned out by the splattering of a torrential fountain assaulting the pavement.

Rin’s golden stream shot forcefully through her barely parted lips and fanned out wildly, splashing the ground before her in a chaotic deluge.

She sighed quietly. Even though the dull pain was still there, the relief of no longer fighting to hold back her engorged bladder was great.

Rin looked ahead through half closed eyelids. The free flowing waterfall was flying well beyond her feet. The furthest drops seemed to be shooting underneath the car door and landing just short of the front tire.

As much as she hated to dwell on such a subject, the Prince couldn’t help but feel a twisted sense of pride in this feat. Surely, this wasn’t the sort of thing just any woman could accomplish. Truly, Rin Penrose was built different.

After the downpour had lasted for what was surely half a minute, at least, Rin let out another deep sigh. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back.

The release from finally allowing these pent-up flood waters to flow freely was truly wonderful. Few things in her life had brought the Prince such pleasure.

As good as her bladder felt, Rin’s legs and arm were beginning to burn from holding the same pose.

Based on the persistent, dull throb in her abdomen, the Prince was nowhere near finished emptying herself.

Her breathing grew heavier. Part of this was from the effort of holding such a deep squat. Part of it was from the rush of rapturous release.

Slowly, gradually the pressure between Rin’s legs began to lessen. The cacophonous splattering of her relief resolved into a single, concentrated, stream.

The power behind this royal fountain began to fluctuate. The stream would weaken before another wave renewed its strength.

Rin tightened her abs and bared down, trying to force out every last drop as quickly as possible. She had already been in this exposed position for far too long.

Gradually, the arc of Rin’s urination became more shallow, impacting closer and closer to her body. After a few seconds, there was no longer enough force to project anything outward. The last of Rin’s pee bubbled out weakly, sticking to her skin and trickling down the sides of her legs before dripping pathetically to the ground underneath her.

Eventually, even that last bit petered off and the Prince was finally empty.

Rin sighed one last time. She gradually lowered herself until she was sitting on the ground, her bare body resting on the glistening concrete.

While she tried to catch her breath and soothe her aching limbs, Rin looked down at her handiwork.

There was a darkened patch on the concrete. It came to a head near the front tire of her mother’s car. The puddle spread wider the closer it came toward Rin, spreading until it was nearly the width of her shoulders. The pooled liquid was spreading over the rest of the parking lot in several tiny rivers.

The Prince looked down at herself. Her thighs brilliantly reflected the city lights. The insides of her black shoes were dotted with darkened spots. Several lines of moisture ran down her knees, forming what looked like a road map before being soaked into her uneven stockings.

Rin’s once purple panties were now a drenched shade of midnight. There was a barely detectable glisten on the inseam of her shorts.

Rin lifted her hands in front of her face. The right glove was a soggy gray all the way down to her elbow. The weight of everything it had absorbed caused it to droop. Her left glove, thankfully, was only slightly damp, dotted with a few damaged spots below her wrist.

The sound of distant footsteps reminded Rin where she was. The shame of her actions came crashing down on her shoulders.

Rin turned to look over at Juna. The eel had her back turned, keeping lookout like she promised. Juna’s tail was lowered to the ground, curled in such a way that it was nearly impossible to see past.

While Rin didn’t exactly expect Juna to peek, it was still good to have confirmation that she was focused elsewhere.

Rin’s heart sank when she noticed a few stray offshoots from her puddle were gradually worming their way towards Juna.

She sighed.

“Do you have any tissues?” The Prince asked.

“Hmm?” Juna hummed. She started to turn around.

“Oi! Don’t look!” Rin shouted.

Juna jumped, averting her gaze once again.

“Sorry!” She shouted.

“I don’t have any tissues on me, no.” Juna said, “Maybe there’s some in the car…”

Rin groaned. She looked down at the mess she had made. The mess she was. Tissues wouldn’t be enough to fix this.

“Nevermind.” She resigned.

“Can you help me up?” Rin asked, reaching her cleaner hand behind her.

It took Juna a few attempts to grasp Rin’s hand without looking at the Prince, but she did manage it.

Rin’s joints cracked as she worked her way to a standing position.

“Oh. Me bones.” She groaned.

Her legs were still burning after going from clenching directly into a holding a low squat. Rin was wobbly on her feet, but she was standing.

The Prince gulped and braced herself for what she was about to do.

She straightened out her wadded up underwear as much as she could, accidentally wringing out a few extra trickles onto her legs.

Then, she grabbed her shorts and hiked them up.

Rin had to stifle a scream as the drenched fabric squished against her nether regions. A few more droplets were squeezed free, renewing the dampness against her thighs.

Rin took a few moments to straighten her clothing. She took a deep breath and tried to regain her composure. Even though conducting herself with dignity seemed pointless at this juncture, Rin had to try and salvage at least some of her image.

“You can turn around now, eel.” She said.

“Feeling better now?” Juna teased.

“Much…” Rin admitted, avoiding eye contact, “Thank you for your help.”

“Anytime, Rin.” Juna playfully slapped Rin on the back.

Rin stumbled forward from the impact.

Juna looked down at the ground, her eyes scanning the small lake Rin had left in her wake.

“Wow, you really were holding back a lot…”

“Oi!” Rin shouted, her face turning a whole new shade of red.

The girls’ banter was interrupted by the approaching click of heels on pavement.

“Are you quite finished?” Gin asked, “I’ve got us checked in. I’d like to have the bellhop bring our stuff, but I don’t want him to come across you with your trousers down.”

“Yes. I’m fine now, mum.” Rin answered.

“All clear, miss Gin!” Juna corroborated.

Gin opened the trunk of the car. As she walked over, she looked down at the lingering evidence of Rin’s urgent release.

She shook her head. “Honestly, child, you should have said something earlier.”

“There wasn’t anywhere to stop!” Rin protested.

“There were plenty of fields around.” Gin countered.

“I can’t just drop my pants in an open field!”

“But a parking lot is fine?”

“Mum!”

This exchange continued as the group unloaded their bags. Juna helpfully offered to carry Snebby so he wouldn’t have to get wet. She was openly dying of laughter the entire time.

Immediately on getting to their room, Rin shut herself in the bathroom so she could get out of her soaked clothes and take a shower.

Once she was clean and dressed in a new set of (nearly identical) clothes, Rin sheepishly walked up to Juna.

“Seriously, thank you for helping me.” Rin muttered.

She spread her arms and awkwardly pulled herself into a hug with the eel woman, which she released almost immediately.

“Hey, it’s fine.” Juna said. For once, her voice was genuine, soft and reassuring. “These things happen to everyone.”

“Do they?”

Juna shrugged, “Everyone I know, anyway.”

Juna pat Rin on the shoulder.

“Look, as much as we banter, I do care about you. I couldn’t possibly leave you to deal with something like that on your own.”

“...Thanks.” Rin said, reluctantly.

“So, do you want to tell this story on stream, or can I do it? It’s only fair you get first dibs, but I’d really love to do it.” Juna said with an impish smile.

“You better not!”

*002*2025-01-01 15:31

{{56 minutes ago, Squirminghold said:

I enjoyed your story! I don't really understand why she is called the Prince instead of the princess and also I didn't know there were three people in the car until halfway of the story but it was a good story, thanks for sharing 😄

}}

Thank you for you comment.

This story is about an existing character. The reason she uses the title of "Prince" has never been fully explained, that's just how it is.

I will note your confusion. I'll try to do better at setting the scene in future stories.

*004*2025-01-02 08:41

{{16 hours ago, stayhydrated said:

Gets me excited seeing a vtuber-related omo fic, great work 👍

}}

Thank you. I noticed how little VTuber omo fiction was out there. I figured I would do my part to fix that.

*006*2025-01-02 12:26

{{1 minute ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Are you gonna do more female V tuber omo Or was this just a one time Story Cause If you needs other female V tubers Give you a couple of their names. Because I even watch a few of them.

}}

I might do more. I came up with a few other ideas while working on this one.

There's only a couple I follow super closely, but I am familiar with quite a few.

If you have any names or scenarios to suggest, I'd be more than happy to consider them.

*009*2025-01-02 13:28

{{52 minutes ago, Doctor Pivetta said:

Wow, very good story, really well written

If you ever were to write new chapters, I think it'd be good to see Gin and/or Juna in such a predicament too

}}

Ooh. I hadn't considered centering a story around Gin. Perhaps a direct sequel to this story is in order.

I'll think on that.

Thank you for your interest.

{{9 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I have names. I'm not sure about scenarios. But project melody is one and I know she's pool streams. Sometimes something and maybe she tries to hold it as long as she can before. She just pees in the pool. Silvervale is another, I don't have a scenario for her. There's iron mouse, no scenario.Zentreya She's part dragon. So I feel like she has a really big bladder and just holds it for days at a time before she uses the bathroom and 1 day she starts up a stream. It's very full but wants to get a decent amount into the game before using the bathroom. But she can't and pees on stream. And that's all the ones I knowlove sorry for the really long response.

}}

Projekt Melody and Zen are definitely ones that caught my interest. Ironmouse, too, though it's a little more difficult to come up with ideas for her.

They'll certainly go on my list.

I'm not going to promise anything will be delivered. Inspiration tends to come and go for me. But it makes me very happy to see people are enthusiastic about this idea.

*013*2025-01-03 23:05

{{33 minutes ago, AsceticHacker said:

Very cute story! Would love to read a sequel to this or just more from you in general.

Any interest in putting someone in diapers?

}}

I've definitely given some thought to writing diaper fiction. None of the characters in this particular story. But I have some other characters in mind.

{{On 1/2/2025 at 5:02 PM, sha said:

Yo wtf someone like rin penrose to be featured in omorashi.org is the last thing in my mind lmaoo

}}

Yeah, I knew it was an unusual choice, but I really wanted some omorashi of my oshi.

