Jotaro's bizarre phenomenon

Author: KiraFan

*000*2022-04-01 23:37

This could not be happening. Jotaro found himself in the back seat of the car, along with Kakyoin, Polnareff, Avdol, and Joseph, who was driving. This would usually be no problem, however, right now, Jotaro had to piss more than he’d ever had to in his whole life. The pressure inside him was nearly painful and he felt if he moved the wrong way, he’d lose it all. His body stiffened and clenched with effort to hold back the fluid. Looking down, he could see a protrusion just above his groin, his two belts pushing into it. He gulped. He was more than full. It was inhuman. There was no being cool about this. He had to speak up.

“Hey, old man. Pull over. I gotta take a piss.” He spoke, feeling a light blush heat his face. No response, “Hey, bastard! I said pull over! Good grief,” He gritted his teeth. What the hell was this? He summoned star platinum, who pushed the breaks of the car.

“Ora!!” Star Platinum cried out in desperation retreating back to Jotaro, who, at the same time, felt a wave of urgency crashing over him. He growled and shoved his hands between his legs, giving himself a death grip. He’d done it though. The car was stopped! Quickly, he removed his hands from the offending area so that nobody would see his shameful lack of control. His relief faded all too soon when Joseph turned to face him, anger plastered on his face. Polnareff was staring at him with a look of disbelief. It was a kind of look that screamed, ‘what the hell was that for?’

“Do you think this is some kind of joke, Jotaro!? We need to find Dio as soon as possible. If we keep wasting time like this, your mother…” Joseph's face darkened.

“He’s right. Jotaro, what’s going on? This is very unlike you. Surely you have a good reason for this, right?” Kakyoin's startled face looked into Jotaro’s almost pleadingly. Avdol only gave a disapproving grunt.

“I wasn’t just fucking around! I need to piss like hell and you aren’t listening to me! I’m getting out of this car, damnit!” Jotaro huffed and began to unbuckle himself. When Joseph reached over his seat and held the young man back from the door.

“No way in hell you’re getting out of this car unless you have a very good reason! Otherwise, I’m going to continue thinking you’re just fucking around!” he said angrily. Now Jotaro was, of course, enraged, but also confused. Had nobody understood? He had to piss! He was so close to bursting that he just couldn’t stop himself from shaking. His tip pinched between his legs dribbled frequently into his boxers despite the strong hold. Jotaro had the urge to just let go right then, but he kept his composure and thought through the situation.

Although he respected the others and, although he wouldn’t admit it, loved them, he was very annoyed with them right now. Jotaro took a deep, shaking breath and shook his head. It was as if everything he’d said about needing to piss was being completely disregarded! Wait…

“I need to pee…” he spoke through his teeth, feeling his face flush at the childishness of it. The response was odd.

“Well, aren’t you gonna say anything? We’re waiting,” Joseph's brows furrowed. Jotaro gulped. That had to be it. Someone or something was preventing Jotaro from communicating his need. But what? And why? What was the purpose of this? How did it benefit anyone?

“Are you ok, Jotaro? You’re looking rather distraught. Are you feeling sick?” Avdol said as he observed Jotaro’s state. Jotaro realized that his sweating and pale complexion was giving them the wrong idea. He needed to think fast, otherwise he was going to be treated like the last time he was sick. Forced to lie down and be still for a long time. He shuddered at the thought and furiously shook his head ‘no.’

“Are you hurt?” Kakyoin put a concerned hand on his shoulder, “You look like you’re in pain. Your eyes are…watering…” he looked away with regret, remembering how Jotaro hated to appear weak or ‘uncool’ in front of others. Surely he’d made Jotaro even more embarrassed than he already was, “S-sorry…”

“What is it, already!? Are you having a panic attack or something?” Polnareff cocked his head to the side, exasperated.

“Spit it out, kiddo!” Joseph spoke for everyone.

If he couldn’t communicate his need verbally, Jotaro thought, maybe he could do it indirectly. He glared at the ground and tried with all his might to push his embarrassment aside. Groaning desperately, Jotaro shoved his hands between his legs and made a point to cross one over the other as he whimpered. This was humiliating, yes, but he would be beyond mortified if he ended up pissing himself- in his 20000 yen pants, no less! Joseph's expression morphed into one of surprised pity, then bewildered frustration, and finally, guilt.

“I’m sorry, Jotaro…go ahead and take your time, but next time just tell me you had to go, ok?” He facepalmed, blushing. Jotaro didn’t have time to respond, he pushed his way out the door and fell to his knees on the ground. Feverishly, he undid both of his buckles and zipper, his stream already starting up as he forced his boxers down, not having time to utilize the opening built into them. He couldn’t help but moan and pant in relief as the fluid shot out of him. His stream was strong against the sand. Whimpering in pleasure, Jotaro forgot that he was fully visible to everyone in the car. They could hear all the sounds he was making…The deep grunting moans did not stop, however, and the stream remained strong for a full minute before slowing to a stop.

Jotaro let his hands hit the ground as he trembled and caught his breath. Kakyoin was the first to break the ice, whispering to the others a reminder to be kind before quietly exiting the car and kneeling beside Jotaro. Jotaro immediately shifted his position to cover himself.

“Are you alright?” Kakyoin's voice was gentle. Jotaro gave a timid nod “Feeling better now that you’re all emptied?” Jotaro nodded once more, his face flushing yet again. Kakyoin rested a hand over Jotaros back before rubbing circles over it. Jotaro sighed, breath still shaking, “Good…Just keep taking deep breaths. Your body needs a minute to recover from the strain…”

“Ngh-ngggghhh…” a sob escaped Jotaro, ignoring his wishes to be spared of any further humiliation. He struggled to hold back further cries, but the shame was so overwhelming that it was hard to.

“Hey, it’s alright…” Kakyoin closed the car door behind them, “If you need to cry, just let it out.” he soothed. This was instantly followed by an eruption of sobs from Jotaro, “J-Jotaro, are you hurt!?” Jotaro shook his head, “You just…really needed to cry, huh?” Jotaro nodded through tears, his face beet red. Kakyoin rubbed his back a little faster, “Don’t worry about it…I’ve got you. Just feel your feelings…need a hug?”

“Y-yes please…” Jotaro grunted. Kakyoin smiled.

“C’mere, big guy. Just cry into me. Everything’s alright”

