Rin Penrose in: Manager Mishap (Featuring Art by WesternWets)

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2025-01-14 14:14

Author's Note: This one is a little experimental, I've never written a story in a dialogue format like this. Let me know what you think.

All art is credit to @WesternWets

. Thank you for working with me to make this story come to life.

###

Zoey's dialogue in purple

Rin's dialogue in yellow

Zoey sat at her desk, reading through the terms of a potential merchandising contract. She had her client, Rin Penrose's, stream playing in the background. The volume was low and she wasn't really paying attention. It's not that she considered Rin's streams boring, but when you spend as much time with the Prince off stream as Zoey does, more Rin can be excessive.

Usually, Zoey monitored the streams to make sure she didn't need to get involved, either because Rin requested something or, more likely, because she did something that made her a brand risk.

All of that came to an end when Zoey got a call from Rin over Discord.

Hello?

Hey, everyone, look, it's Manager Zoey!

...Hi?

Zoey, could you go ahead and tell everyone a story?

Which story?

I don't know, just a story. Something about your life or something?

...Why?

For content, Zoella.

I've already said, I'm not a streamer. I'm a manager. I'm not supposed to be in charge of the content.

But my audience likes you better than me! Besides, I need to stall for more time before I can make... The Announcement.

Ok, but why me?

You're the easiest person to get a hold of on short notice.

... So what do you want me to do?

Tell a story, be entertaining!

...

Please...

You know what, fine. How about I tell them the story about the McDonald's cup in my car?

They already know about me spilling a large coke in your car!

Not that one.

For a moment, both parties were silent. Chat began to go wild with speculation. A look of horror drifted over Rin's face.

You wouldn't...

You want a story. I'm sure the audience would love to hear that one.

I will fire you.

But think of the clout. This will get clipped and shared everywhere.

Some things aren't worth it for the clout.

Really? You're saying that?

Ok, but...

It seems like your chat is really interested.

Please don't.

So chat...

I will mute you!

Last week, Rin peed in a McDonald's cup while-

Rin hit the mute button, but it was too late. The damage had already been done.

She looked at her chat to confirm, hoping they hadn't heard. The messages made it obvious.

Whoa

What?!?

Piss Prince

Lucky cup

Talk about a Golden Age

Rin Peerose

Let Zoey speak!

Rin unmuted her manager.

I can't believe you just said that.

Well, you wanted content.

Not this kind of content!

Then maybe you should have checked with me before calling.

I... you…

…

Perhaps we should give more context.

Sure thing.

We were driving back from a meeting. We had stopped for food at a McDonald's-

Because we are both functional adults.

We had two empty cups in the car. Rin peed in one.

Now, hold on-

Actually, both of them.

It wasn't like I did it for fun!

But you did do it.

It was an emergency!

You should have gone when I stopped an hour before that.

That was in the middle of a field, Zoella!

And?

And I can't just drop trou out in the open like that!

Why not? It was dark out, no one was going to see us.

I did it.

I'm a Prince!

So a McDonald's cup in a moving vehicle is more dignified?

Look, I wouldn't have had to do that if you hadn't gotten us lost.

The GPS wasn't working! It kept telling me to take these fucked up back roads.

You could have stopped and turned around earlier.

There was nowhere for us to turn around.

...

...

I feel like we're skipping over a lot of details here. Let's start from the beginning.

Sure.

We had a meeting with a company about partnering up for some merch production-

The meeting was stupidly early in the morning.

... The meeting was at 1 pm...

I stand by my statement.

Anyway, we had the meeting. Stuff went how it did. I can't really say much about that right now...

It took about two hours. They showed us around the facility, talked about some of the other work they had done, all of that.

They were very courteous, offering us coffee and water as we waited.

Foreshadowing is a literary device, wherein-

Once everything was done, we decided to get lunch. Despite how terribly things went last time, we decided to get McDonald's.

Once again, because we are both functional adult humans.

Rin promised she would use the cup holder this time.

And Zoey promised to watch for the Drive Thru signs.

... Yeah, that, too.

Anyway, we got our food and drinks and were on our way.

And that's when the troubles began.

I don't know what happened, maybe I hit the wrong button or something, but the GPS gave us completely different directions on the way back. I thought maybe it was taking us around construction or something.

Just admit you took a wrong turn.

How is it my fault that the town had a Primrose Drive and a Primrose Way?

Anyway, cut to an hour later, and the GPS tells me to turn down this weird back road in the middle of the countryside. I follow it, thinking it was just a normal connecting road.

It was not...

How long did it take you to figure that one out?

You didn't say anything, either.

I was occupied with more pressing issues!

So was I!

…

&&

...

In case it wasn't obvious, by this point we both needed the toilet really badly.

It wasn't the worst I've had to go in my entire life, but it really wasn't great.

... My back teeth were floating...

That's what happens when you gulp down a whole large coke.

It may have also had something to do with the cup of GamerSupps - use code 'Rin' at checkout- that I drank on the way there so I could be awake for the meeting.

Again, the meeting was at 1 pm.

And again, I stand by my statement.

Anyway, we follow the road for about ten minutes, then my GPS completely loses signal.

I figured I'd just keep following the same road and we'd eventually find civilization. Or at least get our signal back.

Or, at the very least, find a petrol station so we could pee.

You will not catch me dead using a petrol station toilet. In fact, it probably would kill me to do it.

Because a McDonald's cup is so much more sanitary?

You're skipping over a lot of events, here, Zoey!

Right, right.

So, I follow the road for god knows how long until we come across this gate. That's when I realized we had accidentally stumbled onto someone's property.

I had to make a 27-point turn on this narrow back road so we could turn around and leave.

I still had no signal.

It was like we had driven into some kind of liminal space.

At this point, it was starting to get dark, making it even more difficult to figure out where the hell we were.

It might have been actual hell.

On top of that, I had to pee so bad. Things weren't going well.

I don't know what you were complaining about. You at least went back at the office. I was bursting at the seams.

I had to focus on driving at the same time. At least you were in the passengers' seat. Not being of any help, I might add.

What did you want me to do? I can't drive!

Check your phone? Get out a map and look at it?

You think I know how to read a map?

Anyway, it's tough to drive with one hand between your legs, you know? Especially when you have no idea where you are or where you're going.

After being lost for over an hour, I couldn't take it anymore. Between being lost, trying not to piss myself, and listening to this one complaining-

I was in agony, Zoey!

Something had to give.

I found a corner that was relatively hidden, pulled off to the side of the road, and got out.

You decided to wee in a field like an animal.

Better than in my pants.

Meanwhile, I was left to suffer.

I asked if you wanted to get out, you said no.

You... I... You know I can't just expose myself in the open like that!

You had a chance to pee. You didn't take it. You don't get to complain.

Complaining is, like, one of the only things I'm good at!

Arguably, the only thing I'm good at.

Right. So, I hop out and pop a squat in this field. It felt pretty nice, actually.

You certainly weren't shy about letting me know it, either.

&&

Look, when you've been holding it for as long as I was, there's no good way to do it quietly.

No one was around, anyway.

I was! And let me say, it was quite rude for you to keep moaning into the open door.

That was involuntary.

It didn't make it any easier to wait for you.

&&

You didn't have to wait. All you had to do was step out of the car.

...

So, relieved, refreshed, and totally dry, I got back into the car. I looked over the map on my phone and figured out the best way to get back to civilization.

Since Rin stubbornly refused to take a break, I got back on the road.

After a bit, we get signal back, the GPS reconnects, and we figure out where in the world we are.

Once we're back on a proper road, we figure out we're about an hour away from Rin's house.

I offered to stop somewhere, but Rin said she'd be fine for the remaining trip.

No, I said I didn't want to pull over at a service station or a Tesco's.

Well, those were our only options. I'm not sure what else you expected.

...

We're on the road for maybe half an hour, and Rin, here, is curled into a ball in the passengers' seat.

I was basically dying at the time.

Then, I see her reaching for the cup holder. I asked what she was doing, and... what did you say, Rin?

...

I'm not continuing the story until you say it.

... Grr...

I will let this stream fall into complete silence. I don't care.

I said... I was going to return this accursed liquid back from whence it came.

Hah, you're such a nerd.

It's called 'English', Zoey.

I asked if you wanted me to pull over, but you told me to keep driving.

I believe my exact words were: 'don't you dare stop, you bitch, or I will piss all over your car.'

Why didn't you want me to stop, anyway?

Because then, we would be two women stopped on the side of the road at night. Someone may have seen us or, god forbid, stopped to see if we needed help.

You know what? That's actually a fair point.

I do think ahead sometimes.

So this girl grabs the cup, throws the lid into my back seat-

It was an emergency! I picked it up later.

You didn't. I picked it up.

I was going to!

Then, she scoots to the edge of the seat, drops her pants and trousers all the way to the floor-

Did you need to include that detail?

I want to be thorough.

Also, I made sure to tell her that she would be paying all the cleaning costs if she peed on my seat or my floor mats.

I had already factored in that possibility.

Would the extra cost really have been worth it to avoid peeing in a field or a petrol station?

Would you believe me if I said 'yes'?

Seriously?

I have dignity, Zoella!

You do?

Some!

Chat:

What happened next?

Did she have to pay?

Don't stop there!

Do you want to take over from here, Rin?

I do not.

Fine.

So, Rin holds the cup under herself and lets loose the loudest, most powerful gusher of a flood I have heard in my entire life.

&&

Why did you say it like that?!?

I'm not kidding, it was actually kind of impressive. It sounded like a pipe had burst somewhere.

Well, something had certainly burst...

A few seconds later, Rin starts to panic.

Not this part...

She was frantic.

'Zoey, Zoey, the cup is filling, Zoey.

Zoey, Zoey, help me!'

It was a life or death situation!

For who?

Me!

You're my manager, you're supposed to help me!

I did not sign up to help you with anything like this.

You should have considered that before accepting the position.

Mind you, I'm still driving at this point. There's only so much I can do without running us off the road.

I'm pretty sure that would have been worse.

At least I'd be dead and wouldn't have to experience the humiliation. Like I am now!

Somehow, I manage to get the lid off my cup- which still had some coke in it, by the way- and hand it over to Rin.

She takes the cup and switches it with the one underneath her.

Let me tell you, pausing mid-stream like that was not easy.

So true, bestie.

Then, she hands me the cup filled with her pee. And when I say filled, I mean to the brim.

It was so warm and I had to be careful not to move too quickly or it would spill. Again, I am behind the wheel of a motor vehicle.

Somehow, I was able to negotiate it into the cup holder without spilling too much.

What do you mean 'too much'?

I got a little bit on my hand. I cleaned it off with some tissues, no big deal.

You never mentioned that!

At the time, I figured you were already dealing with enough humiliation. Obviously, I was wrong.

I hate you.

After another minute or so, the stream finally tapers off. I hand Rin a box of tissues so she can get cleaned up. We throw them in the takeout bag, she puts her pants back on, and we get back to her house without further incident.

Yes. Nothing else happened.

Chat:

What did you do with the cups?

Did you keep the bag?

New merch idea?

Oh, yeah. I poured the cups out in the yard after we got to Rin's house. Then, we put everything in the bag and she threw it away.

I think I saw Gin watching us when I looked toward the house. Did she say anything to you?

No... She just sort of shook her head and walked away.

I guess she's used to it at this point.

What do you mean? I've never done anything like that before!

Is that so?

What does that mean?

I've heard stories.

From who?!?

...

Who told you stories? What did they tell you?

...

Zoella Manager, I am your boss.

Nah, I'm just messing with you. I haven't heard any stories.

Zoella...

By the way, why was your story so focused on me? You were the one with your trousers down in a field.

I'm not ashamed of what I did. I had to pee, so I peed. It felt really good.

Plus, I didn't get anything on the car seat or in my pants.

I... I didn't wet my pants!

That's not what you told me.

Huh?!?

You said, and I quote, 'god, I desperately need a shower and a new pair of pants after that.'

I did not!

Well, maybe you only said the 'shower' part, but the pants were definitely implied.

...

Well, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go ahead and delete this VOD and scrub any evidence any of this ever happened from the entire internet.

Wasn't this an announcement stream? You can't delete it.

…

Fuck!

Zoey disconnected from the call and sat back in her seat. She watched Rin scramble to wrangle chat back in and change the subject.

The manager happily sipped from her coke and returned to work with a smile on her face.

Managing Rin was such a joy.

&&

