Samantha's revenge

Author: Karly_cr

*000*2023-05-24 19:48

Date: August 1st, 2005.

Samantha woke up at 8:30 that morning excited for her ultrasound, she had strategically picked the last appointment of the day, "time to get revenge on those ultrasound techs that almost made me pee" Samantha said as she walked to the bathroom. Samantha sits down on the toilet and empties the nights worth of pee in her bladder. She stands up and walks over to her shower and turns on the water, she walks in front of her bathroom mirror and admires her belly while the water warms up.

She walks back to the shower and gets in, rubbing soap over her belly and breasts then her legs and arms, she rinses off all the soap and steps out of the shower, grabbing her towel and wrapping it around her and dries herself off, hangs the towel back on the hook and walls back to her bedroom to get dressed. She picks out a white Bikini top and denim shorts because she has the day off work and doesn't need to go anywhere until 6pm. She puts on her clothes and leaves her bedroom, walking to the kitchen to make breakfast, she makes eggs and bacon and eats it quickly.

Time: 5:00 pm. "Almost revenge time" Samantha said, smiling. Samantha walked into bedroom and over to her nightstand opens the drawer, grabbing 4 handcuffs and putting them in her pocket, she then walks to the kitchen and opens the fridge, grabbing two 2 liter bottles of water. She also grabs a timer and puts it in her pocket.

Time: 5:40 pm. "Its time" Samantha says, excited. She grabs her phone, wallet, car keys and the 2 bottles of water and walks to her front door, putting on her flip flops. She opens her front door and steps out into the hot summer air, "it's really hot out even though it's almost 6 o'clock, I might go for a swim later" Samantha said. Samantha gets in her car and drives to the clinic, parking near the front entrance, she gets out of her car and makes her way inside, bringing the large bottles of water with her.

