Kinky couple trying something new

Author: KiraFan

*000*2022-05-22 20:15

"C-Cioccolata?" Secco whispered, rolling over in the cage and pressing his spine against it. He got no response at first, running his fingers along the bars as he listened to anything he could pick up in the darkness. He was just about to speak once more when he heard the echoes of Cioccolatas dress shoes stepping along the concrete of the basement floor. His heart leapt with excitement as his master approached.

"Yes, Secco?" Ciocolata drew the words out. Secco heard shuffling as his master knelt down beside him, letting out a hot breath against the back of his neck. He shuddered. With accuracy like that, Secco concluded that he must have been wearing his night vision goggles. Secco had almost forgot the reason he'd spoken up at all.

"It's full..." He announced the change in the state of his bladder at Cioccolatas request, "I like it..." he let out a hot breath of his own, beginning to tease himself through Oasis. The sounds of Cioccolata freeing himself from his pants filled the room, soon to be replaced with his contented sighing. Secco groaned, "Can I?" tugging at his hard-on.

"Beg, puppy." Cioccolata growled, "and don't forget to call me your doctor."

"Grrh..." Secco whimpered and huffed, "Please...Please, can I get myself off, Doctor?"

"Oh, good boy~" Cioccolata moaned, "Yes, Secco. Do it." Secco could hear his masters voice breaking. The two panted in the dark, stroking themselves. Lost in the moment. Secco could feel the pressure building inside him, his bladder now bulging out beneath his belly. Waves of need and pleasure pulsed through him as he strained to maintain his hold through the growing need to build up to an orgasm. It wouldn't be long until his body became confused and couldn't decide what to let out first. Secco moaned in desperation, his organs throbbing.

"I can't! I can't hold on much longer!" Secco cried out, pumping himself feverishly.

"No! S-Secco...Pinch yourself shut and try to hold it for me..." Cioccolata panted. Secco squeezed himself at the tip, still stroking. His eyes burned with the urge to cry as he let out desperate yelps. The pressure of the fluid trying to force itself out was starting to become strong. The liquid fought hard against his pinched urethra, having nowhere to go after his bladder had taken in more than its max capacity, stretching to accommodate. Secco squirmed and whimpered restlessly until, finally, his body gave in. Secco yelled out in bliss, both cum and urine bursting from his tip with impressive force. He shook and gripped the cage bars as it happened, sweat and tears pouring from his face. The relief was indescribable.

"Fuck, Secco~" Cioccolata reached his own orgasm at the sight, biting his lip as he watched the bulge under Seccos belly gradually shrink. The two of them panted for a while before lying on the ground in their own filth and falling asleep.

