I Think my Boss Needs to Pee - Page 8

Author: knockonthedoor

*176*2022-02-25 16:12

{{On 2/24/2022 at 2:57 AM, orangelion said:

I don't think Mary-Ann was out of character, after all she already agreed/submitted to doing something she wasn't really comfortable with doing. Anyone will be naturally a bit more submissive when doing something they don't want to do. In the chapter I can tell Nia grows closer to Mary-Ann, but I'm not sure about Mary-Ann growing closer to Nia. Mary-Ann is just concerned about being caught and doesn't show much feelings towards Nia.

I'm going to describe to scenarios for the couple. The first one is more realistic based on what little we know about them. The second one is something I hope would happen and a little less realistic.

What I think happened is that the girl was forced to find a place to squat and this excites the guy, but the girl isn't happy about it. Then a week or two later the guy manages to convince her to try omorashi, which she may or may not like.

What I hope would happen is that she is forced to find a private place to squat. Then as the guy watches her, he is overcome with lust and takes her before she is even done peeing, getting them both wet in the process. This event then unlocks their love of peeing for both of them.

}}

Yeah, I can see your point about Nia and Mary-Ann. Does it make Nia come off as a little overbearing, or even annoying? She has a larger role coming up, so if she’s annoying, I guess I can try and fix her.

I like your description of what could have happened with that man and woman. I think I lean more towards the fist, but both are really intriguing scenarios!

{{5 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Only found this topic a few days ago but have been glued to reading it ever since. So far I’m up to chapter 4, and it’s one of the best stories I’ve ever read. So much variety of omo, desperation, and peeing in public. Loving it!

}}

Awesome! That’s great to hear! Chapter 4 has some really strong moments, me personally, I like 4.1 and 4.3. Would love to know what your favorite part has been so far!

*179*2022-02-25 22:12

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

She did come off as a little overbearing in this sub-chapter, but only because Mary-Ann wasn't enjoying the event and just wanted to get out of there. I think Nia is genrally fine as she is.

}}

That's good. My one fear as a writer is that I'll accidently make a main character annoying lol.

{{4 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

My favourite part so far? There have been so many! You set the bar pretty high with Mary Ann’s first wetting! Nia and K’s dumpster piss was good, and Mary Ann using the urinal when Cassie was in the stall too, especially the way you wrote it from Cassie’s pov.

}}

That's awesome! I really liked writing those chapters too! If you're a fan of intentional wetting, I know you'll like chapter 5 a ton! If you're more into pissing/peeing scenes, just wait for chapter 6, which is going to feature a majority of pissing scenes.

Also, as far as feedback goes, I love taking suggestions and hearing from the audience via questions at the end of each chapter, feel free to join the conversation!

*181*2022-02-27 19:02

{{On 2/26/2022 at 12:39 PM, WetNick88 said:

Thank you. My thing is holding and wetting - see my most recent post of my personal experience. The writing isn't of you standard of course, but hope you like.

}}

I’m not the best to be judging male settings, just isn’t my thing. But I do want to congratulate you on posting a personal experience! That in of itself is brave and I’m sure rewarding! Good on you!

*182*2022-02-28 11:48

A/N: With this being an account of the girl's trip ending, you may think that this is where chapter 5 ends. That is NOT the case! We have a special ending to chapter 5 that fans of desperation and peeing will love! For fans of peeing, and intentional wetting, this chapter certainly delivers as well. As always, feedback is not only welcomed, but appreciated. Questions at the bottom as well!

Chapter 5.10: Nothing Gold can Stay

The end of a vacation is always sad. Even on a bright and sunny day, the feeling of leaving a halcyon memory behind created a haze that Mary-Ann felt she had to walk through. Mary-Ann hoisted the last of her luggage into the trunk with the help of Nia, and the two waited for Karenna to join them outside.

“It was really great meeting you this week Nia. Thank you for opening up your home-“ Mary-Ann demonstrated with her arms “-or estate. To me and Kar.”

“You two are welcome anytime! And I’m serious, we need to get together sometime.”

“What? So you can dare me with something extreme?” Mary-Ann said light-heartedly

“No, no. Just to hang out.” Nia said with a smile “And I’ll call you about that dare.”

Mary-Ann shook her head “I still can’t believe I lost to you.”

“Probably for the best. I don’t lose well.” Nia chuckled. She took a drink from her water bottle

“Any idea of what I’m going to have to do?”

“I have some.”

“I won’t do anything at work though. That’s off-limits.”

“Relax. I won’t have you do anything like that. I want it to be friendly. You’re my pee buddy right? Wouldn’t want to lose you over a dare.”

Mary-Ann smiled “And thanks for…you know…getting me through yesterday.”

Nia nodded “Sorry you didn’t like it. Kar and I-“

“No. I agreed to it.”

“You’re a good woman. I know Kar appreciates you for keeping your word. I do too, you know? Not everyone takes their own word serious.”

Mary-Ann nodded “What’s on the docket for you today?”

“Yardwork. Lots of it.” Nia took another drink from her water bottle, she smiled “And I’m planning on doing a hold.”

“You like those, huh?”

“Love ‘em!”

Mary-Ann shifted her weight from one foot to the next “Me too. Sometimes, I don’t even realize I’m really doing one…then I get reminded. I think my favorite is when you’re at the end, and you’re deciding on how it ends. If you run to the bathroom…” She exhaled. A dark spot appeared on the crotch of her brown leggings. In seconds, a noticeable dark streak rushed down the back of her leg “…or if you just…” She shrugged slightly and looked Nia in the eyes, her blue eyes meeting Nia’s brown “…do it in your pants.”

Moments of silence went by, save for the sound of the splattering urine on the pavement below. As it ran down Mary-Ann's other leg, Nia asked

“Do you know which one you prefer?”

“If I’m at work? I run to the toilet. If I’m at home?” Mary-Ann looked down at what she was doing.

Pee had successfully ran down both of her legs. Mary-Ann had decided against wearing socks, and her pee ran over her ankles and directly into her sneakers. Drops and small rivulets moistened the soles of her feet and wet her sneakers. Her stream was the strongest at its exit point on her crotch, as a result, a small arc of urine broke through the polyester fabric of her leggings and reconnected with her body as it poured into her thigh, creating a wide streak down her leg. Still observing, Mary-Ann finished her thought

“If I’m home, I’ll be honest girl.” She looked back up at Nia “I go in my pants.”

A puddle had formed at her feet. Each cuff of her leggings soaked in her urine. Nia spoke

“Better?”

“Better.” Mary-Ann slapped her now wet thighs. “I’m actually going to change real quick. I don’t want to drive that far, this wet.”

As she moved back to the trunk of the SUV, the front door of the house opened and Karenna exited, struggling to carry her suitcases. Nia turned to help her as Mary-Ann grabbed a pair of dry grey jeans from her own suitcase. She waited, and helped Karenna load her items into the vehicle along with Nia. Closing the trunk, Mary-Ann still held her spare jeans as the friends subconsciously formed a circle, with Nia the closest to the house.

“All set Kar?”

“I’m good.”

“Didn’t forget anything?” Nia asked “If you did, I guess I can mail it to you, but it might take a while.”

“I think that’s everything.”

“Did you go pee?” Mary-Ann asked

“What are you, my mom?” Karenna said facetiously, a smile parting her lips “I don’t even have to pee.”

“Are you sure? It’s always good to make sure.” Mary-Ann and Nia both noticed Karenna’s red sweatpants darkening

“I told you, I’m good! I don’t have to pee.” As her legs began to receive her piss, her body began to hiss, Karenna’s wetting was much more audible than her boss’s had been. Karenna looked at Nia “See what she puts me through? It’s not like I’m going to forget to pee.”

“It’s not you Kar, I think Mary-Ann is worried about her car and your tiny bladder.”

“It’s not tiny!”

“Pretty sure it is. I wouldn’t know though. I use the bathroom like a normal person.”

Karenna looked down “Is that why you’re standing in a puddle?”

Nia had used the sound of Karenna’s wetting to cover her own release. Combined with her black leggings, it had gone almost unnoticed by both Mary-Ann and Karenna. The puddle below her continued to expand in size as it made its way away from Nia and towards Karenna. When the two masses of liquid combined, they started to run under the car and out of sight.

Mary-Ann watched her two friends continue to wet their pants. Karenna’s was much more obvious, owing itself to the contrast between the dark stain and the red of her pants. Nia’s was more discrete. Nearly undetectable if not for the puddle she stood in or the sheen on her leggings. Deciding to change, rather than stand next to her car with her jeans in hand, Mary-Ann left her friends for the house.

She wasn’t gone for more than a few minutes, but when she returned, both Karenna and Nia were conversing as if they had not just voided their bladders. The puddle that all three of them had made on the driveway was still obvious. Now changed into dry pants, the friends gave a parting group hug. Mary-Ann gave a eulogy for their time together

“Nia, I just want to thank you for letting us into your home, and letting us play our little game. And it means so much to both…me and PBear that you wanted to join us.”

“No, thank you two for letting me in and not judging me. I’ll admit, when boss-lady first did it, I was worried. I didn’t get it. But through her and even you PBear, I’ve really discovered things about myself that I can’t wait to explore, and even share.”

“And thanks for the nickname guys.” Karenna said somewhat sarcastically as the broke the group embrace

“By share…you mean Drew?”

Nia smiled and nodded to Mary-Ann’s question “You should share with Tyler. You never know. I didn’t think I’d like it. He might too!”

“Yeah…maybe.”

“She means no.” Karenna chimed in

Nia shook her head “Speaking of which. I’ve got a hold to restart and you two should get going so Mary-Ann isn’t driving in the dark.”

“Love you girl!” Karenna shouted as she walked around the car to the passenger side

“Love you too!” Nia called back, she spoke in a normal tone to Mary-Ann, as the latter got in the driver’s side

“And you, we seriously need to hang out!”

“We will, count on it!”

Nia stood with a smile on her face as the car started and her friends left. She had a flower garden to tend to, and as she sipped on her water bottle, she had a hold to tend to as well.

Mary-Ann and Karenna had left town over an hour ago. Karenna’s legs were still somewhat cold, and she had her seat heater on. The two had not said much as they listened to Steven Warner’s podcast until they had reached their first stop. A coffee shop in a small town. Karenna ordered a large coffee for herself and Mary-Ann had gotten the same size tea. The drive-thru worker, having been desensitized to odd sightings and people, paid little attention to Karenna’s piss-stained track pants.

By the time the pair were back on the road, the podcast had ended, and the friends decided to converse.

“Did you have fun Kar?”

Karenna sighed “I guess so.”

“Only ‘I guess so?’”

“I love Nia, don’t get me wrong. But I was hoping this would have just been the two of us. I couldn’t really say no when she asked me.”

“If it makes it any better, I was happy to meet her. I’m glad I did, actually. And I’m happy we got to share our game with her.”

“But that’s the thing. This…this isn’t really a game to me.”

“What?”

“Like, to me. And again, I don’t want this to make it seem like I didn’t have fun, or that I don’t appreciate Nia joining us, it’s just that-“ Karenna shifted in her seat and took a sip of coffee. “What we have isn’t a game to me, it’s an appreciation of what we are.”

“What we are?”

Karenna nodded “You know how I feel about you, and I don’t want to make it about that. But this all started with you. That day you had an accident.”

“I thought all of this started with you. On the last girls trip.”

“To me that was just the…the culmination of what, what we have.”

“I’m not sure I follow, Kar.”

“After your accident. I thought about it, a lot.”

“Me?”

“No. I mean, yes, kind of. But I also thought of me. I thought a lot back then about, you know, what would have happened…if it had been me.”

“I still don’t know what you’re driving at.”

Karenna didn’t seem to notice Mary-Ann’s confusion. She continued to talk “I was never really able to ever admit it to myself. But I really wanted to try it. Then Sarah…kind of forced me to.”

Mary-Ann stayed silent. She had put up her protest of confusion and decided to let Karenna talk. The constant talk reminiscing on her accident had put her in the mood to have one. Karenna continued to speak as Mary-Ann relaxed into her dry jeans

“You don’t know. And maybe I don’t know, how badly I needed your support after the…lashing she gave me. We can make fun or mock her for it all we want. But boss. To have her cursing at you, telling you that you’re worthless, while you can’t even control your own body…I mean, I didn’t have any option other than wetting my pants at that point.”

“Have I ever told you how afraid I was Kar?”

“When you?”

“When I peed in my office. Yes.”

“No, no I thought you powered through it.”

Mary-Ann laughed at the idea. As she did, the puddle that had formed on her towel jiggled. Distracted by the act of driving, her brain was only releasing her bladder slowly. She was still going

“I didn’t Kar. I was terrified.”

“Terrified of what?”

“Losing your respect. Your trust.”

“My first instinct was pity.”

“I know. I know that now. But I was frightened.”

“And this is why, what we do. What you’re doing now. Is just…us”

“What’s us though? Pants wetters?”

Karenna laughed “No. The best of friends who are so comfortable around each other, that we can do that. I mean, you’re doing it right now, I can see that. And its normal for us. Two years ago, if you asked me if I would be comfortable going on a road trip with my boss and wetting my pants with her….I obviously wouldn't have been.”

“Thanks Kar.”

“But my point is. I was hoping this trip would be a celebration of us. Just the two of us, and maybe we play. But we don’t have to.”

Mary-Ann was done peeing. “So you want another trip. Just us?”

“It doesn’t need to be a whole week. But yes. Maybe a weekend. Just us.”

“You know I don’t have time to just take a weekend off here and there…but its you. Alright," She sighed "lets take a weekend sometime this summer. PBear.”

Karenna smiled “That’s my name boss…don’t wear it out!”

The two laughed as the SUV made its way down the highway.

The early afternoon sun hung in the air. It was a warm spring day, and one that Nia could enjoy with yardwork, and a hold. She was happy to have had her friends discover this for her. She had finished her water a while ago, and had mostly focused on gardening, until now. Now, her hold was nearing its end. Her black leggings had dried for the most part, and while the stain couldn’t be seen on the dark fabric, they still felt slightly cool.

Some soil here, a pat with the trowel there, Nia spent time improving the sides of the shed with new brown mulch. It fit around the bottom of each shrub and plant. As she tried to fit it around the backside of a large shrub, the weight of her full bladder made itself known. Giggling as she tightened her pelvic muscles, the pressure of her pee pressed on her genitals. Sitting back on the heel of her sneakers, Nia internally debated with herself on what to do. Should she wet her pants again, or should she pull her leggings down and go on the lawn?

As she thought to herself, she put her hand to her crotch and used her other hand to grab her near by watering can. It felt light. Hoping there was still enough water for her plants in the can, Nia tilted the device. A quick spirt of water, then nothing. Not nearly enough for her growing plants. She’d have to take a short walk back to the house. Sighing at the minor inconvenience, she looked at the empty can. Then to her hand. Back to the can. She smiled. Nia knew how she was going to end her hold.

She kept the watering can where it was, but slid herself back onto the grass. Her damp leggings were harder to get off, as they stuck to her thighs. She was able to slide them down to her shins before sitting back. She spread her legs wide, her hairy muff opening slightly as her flexible legs pulled her lips apart.

It started slow, a small arc of clear piss that barely cleared her body. Nia pushed harder, contracting her bladder muscles and sent more piss flying out of her body. Instead of lengthening the arc of piss, it only wet the grass below her faster. Grabbing just above her hood, she aimed the piss upward. She cursed as it hit her leggings, wetting the crotch.

Nia opted for a new plan. Cutting off her flow, she tried to get her sneakers off without adjusting where she was seated. She was able to get one sneaker off before she began to leak again. It was small, without enough force to move past her pubic hair, but it was enough to entice more of her bladder to spill its contents. With one hand gripping her exposed privates, she used her other to fling her other shoe off of her foot. Unable to continue to hold her bladder, which had already experienced a euphoric release, Nia began to piss into her hand.

Dripping with hot piss, she frantically got her leggings off of her body and removed her soaked hand. Now nude from the waist down, she kept her legs spread as she aimed her piss towards the side of the watering can. Using her wet hand, she was able to direct her piss, first shooting it over the opening under the handle of the can. She moved her hand downward and her hips closer to the ground, this time aiming just below her target.

Her bladder was nearly empty, and all she had done was wet her leggings again, and the ground below her, not to mention her watering can. With one last maneuver, she pushed hard, spraying the last of her piss out. This time, she was met with some success. Droplets from the last of her stream splattered into the can, making their home on the bottom of the device. Pumping her fist once in celebration, Nia finished peeing.

She observed her act. Droplets of piss coated her watering can. Her leggings were wet at the crotch again. The grass below her was wet, as if the morning dew had never left. Subconsciously, she began messaging her exposed pussy. Pink and dripping with piss, Nia started to construct a fantasy. As she slipped her fingers inside herself, she wished Drew was there. She was sure she’d show him her new discovery soon.

An hour ago, the buildings had started to look familiar. Even in the setting sun, Mary-Ann knew where they were headed. Now, less than a half hour from Karenna’s apartment, the reality of closure had set in. Their time together was ending. As fun as it was to freely sit in a puddle of her own piss, and for Karenna to wet around her, those times were ending. Soon it would be back to the office. Back to everyday life. As if to accentuate this point, Karenna sighed

“Guess I’d better turn this back on.” She was holding her phone

Mary-Ann waited for her to do so. She didn’t really know how to add to the conversation. Or how to convey her melancholy feelings to her friend.

“Chloe. She’s been texting me this whole time.” Karenna’s phone sent a stream of notifications as it turned on

“Do you know what she wants yet?”

Karenna shook her head “Just that she says that I owe her. And according to this text, if I don’t respond to her by tonight, she’ll post those videos.”

“Are they all that bad?”

“My face. My pussy. My pee…yeah, they’re bad.”

“Oh. Yeah that’s…that’s a lot.” Mary-Ann paused “I don’t want this to sound like…like I’m blaming you Kar. But. Do you think you have something to do with this?”

“Sounds like you’re blaming me.” Karenna’s spoke in a low tone of voice

“No. No I’m not. But, you know, how long were you guys together?”

“Just over two months. But we fooled around before then too.”

“So in her mind, maybe closer to four?”

“Maybe five.”

“That’s. That’s kind of when something’s serious. Then you just…how did you break up with her?”

Karenna shrugged “I told her.”

“Told her what?”

“Lies. I wanted to tell her…never mind. I didn’t want to tell her the whole truth. But I told her that I set an impossibly high standard for her.”

“What is the whole truth?”

Karenna was quiet. Mary-Ann let her be, her question hung in the tense air between the friends. Before a minute had passed, Mary-Ann sternly repeated her question

“Kar. What is the truth?”

“…I…”

“It’s ok.”

"You know what it is."

"No. I don't."

“You. I want you. I love you Mary-Ann, and no one else.”

“Kar, I-“

“No, let me spill my guts this time!” Karenna looked at Mary-Ann, sloshing her pee from the road trip under her and rewetting her pants with old, cold pee “I love you. I’ve never loved anyone else in my life! It-it’s not a word I use just to use it…you’re the only one I’ll ever be happy with!”

“Are you sure it’s not just-“

Karenna cut her off again “Yes I’m sure! Because I tried to lie to myself for months. I can’t…I can’t be happy with Chloe, or anyone…”

“Why? Why me?”

“Because you care about me! Because you don’t see a nerd, or a cute little black girl, or…or…some kind of object…I trust you boss. With my life…with me. I trust you with me…with being me. I don’t have to try around you. But. I do. Everyday when we go into work? My hope, my want, is that you’ll be proud of me.”

“I am proud of you. You know that.”

“It’s not just you being a proud boss…I want…I guess I want you to love me back.”

Mary-Ann put her hand on Karenna’s thigh, her hand touching Karenna’s wet track pants “You know I can’t.”

Karenna turned towards the window. She let minutes pass. One question burning on her mind, her mouth unable to ask. She took a deep breath

“Why?”

“I don’t…I’m not into girls Kar.”

“How do you know that? Have you ever been with one?”

“No.”

“Then how do you know?”

“I’m…you know…not attracted to women’s bodies the same way I am to a man’s.”

“I like both. You can like both.”

“Kar. It’s not going to happen. You’re my best friend, you know that. I love you like that.”

Karenna tapped out a text to Chloe, asking if they could meet soon. That’s it Karenna. You had one shot. Maybe two. The only one you’ve ever loved and she doesn’t even find you attractive. You begged, she still said no. Was she supposed to do anything else? Face it. You're single forever. The only other girl that could have possibly been into what you’re into and you tossed her aside for something you can’t have.

Karenna asked the only question left on her mind “Do I go back?”

“After what she did to you? Sounds like blackmail to me.”

“But…she…boss. I’m never going to find anyone.”

“Aw Kar, don’t say that.”

“You know its true. I know it’s true.”

“Who wouldn’t want you?”

“You.”

“That’s not fair.”

The two sat in silence until Karenna’s apartment building cam into view. The sun had gone down, and aside from the streetlights, the road was bathed in darkness. Mary-Ann pulled into a free parking spot. She exhaled, choking under the tension between them.

“Well…here we are.”

“Yup.”

“I’m sorry it ended like that. I-I had fun.”

“Me too boss.”

“And I owe you a weekend trip, or something.”

“You don’t have to.”

“I want to.”

“Boss…I hate to ask you this. And I know…with the conversation we just had, you might think…you might think that I have some other motive, but…I…I need your help.”

“With what?”

“I. I don’t want to be alone tonight. I know. I know you’ll think that I’m trying to hit on you, or something like that but…I’m not. It’s just…with my life, and…and sometimes the things I used to think about-“

“I’ll spend the night. As a friend.”

Karenna’s eyes lit up “Would you?”

“Sure. I’ve got my work clothes in a suitcase somewhere. Just let me find them so we can put them out for the morning.”

Karenna smiled “I’m glad I can count on you boss!”

Karenna took her suitcases from Mary-Ann’s SUV and carried them to her apartment. With the night having set in, and her own proclivities, she wasn’t worried about the obvious pee stains on her pants. When she got to her apartment, Karenna simply rolled her suitcases out of the way and changed into her nightwear. Mary-Ann followed shortly after, her beige pencil skirt, pantyhose and other office wear with her.

She too, changed into her night clothes, and Karenna made a frozen dinner for each of them. It wasn’t much, but it was the only thing she felt like making after a road trip. She and Mary-Ann didn’t say much. Karenna wore her pleaded pajama shorts and turned on some old TV show, while Mary-Ann wore her pink athletic shorts and relaxed on the couch. Before the show had even ended, Mary-Ann asked

“I hate to be a bore, Kar. But do you mind if we hit the hay?”

“Sure boss. Alarm for 5:30, right?”

“Right.”

“Ugh, the price of success.”

“I don’t know what you’re complaining about, I get an extra hour.”

“Hey, I like my sleep!”

Karenna climbed onto her side of the bed, and Mary-Ann followed shortly. As the mattress crinkled, Mary-Ann looked over at Karenna

“Protected?”

“Surprised?”

“I guess not.” Mary-Ann climbed in on her side, and faced away from Karenna.

“Didn’t you get one for yours?”

“Haven’t used it.”

“Why? You should! It’s fun.”

“Maybe I will.”

“You can use mine. You know I wouldn’t care.”

“I don’t think it’d be very nice of me to eat your food then pee on your bed.”

“Are you sure?”

“Good night Kar.” Mary-Ann said definitively

“Night boss.” Karenna flicked off the light

Karenna lay on her side for a while. She wasn’t expecting to sleep immediately. In her dark apartment, her senses became more and more adjusted to the room. She closed her eyes and waited for sleep to come. The only sounds were the slight hum of the heater, and the sink. She thought she had fixed it. It ran at the worst times. She could hear the rushing water. Groaning, Karenna sat up, her leg immediately falling into a warm liquid.

Karenna pulled back the sheets. A slight discoloration could be seen on the comforter. Grabbing her phone, she used the light to scan the bed. Mary-Ann’s pink shorts were dark. She was still on her side, unchanged from her emphatic declaration that Karenna “have a good night”. Though now, a clear flow of urine had broken through her pink shorts and created a large patch on her butt and down one leg as it ran onto the bed.

Karenna smiled and put her phone back down on the small table next to her bed. She could feel the warm, creeping wetness from Mary-Ann’s wetting. She closed her eyes, and joined her boss. Her body began to hiss as Karenna let her bladder go for the last time on their vacation. It had started for her in her bed, and now it would finish there too. Out of curiosity, she took her hand and felt the bed between her legs. The mattress responded with a wet, sloppy sound. Karenna turned her head

“I did it too.”

“I know. I heard you. Thanks for letting me use your bed.”

“Thanks for using it with me. ‘Night boss.”

“Good night Kar.”

A/N: Do you think Karenna's exchange with Mary-Ann was too forceful? Or was she just trying to reach something she can't have? Also, should Karenna go back to Chloe or try and break away from the relationship for good?

*184*2022-02-28 21:23

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'm a little confused as to what position Nia was in when she was attempting to pee into the watering can. Was she sitting up with her butt on the grass and her legs spread? Kind of like this?(nudity warning) https://static-ca-cdn.eporner.com/gallery/0e/nN/kYSgyWOnN0e/103262-sapphira-a-nude.jpg

}}

Yup, just like that, though maybe leaned back a little farther.

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

I don't think Karenna should get back with Chloe, as much as I like how mischievous Chloe is, the threat of blackmailing Karenna over a breakup shows that she isn't the most mentally stable person. That and they just aren't very compatible because one is into wetting and the other is not.

}}

I would agree. I wrote Chloe to be a little bit possessive, and I'm glad that her characterization comes across that way. I think we've all been in, or known someone who's been in that type of relationship before, so I'm glad that I was able to capture that

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

This scenario brings back the plastic wrap idea I mentioned a while ago. Perhaps Mary-Ann does something that leads to Nia wetting herself at some point before Nia takes control of Mary-Ann's bladder. Then when controlling Mary-Ann's bladder Nia gets her really desperate and on the brink of losing control. She finally let's Mary-Ann use the toilet. Upon sitting down and letting go, Mary-Ann realizes that Nia put covered the toilet in plastic wrap as a form of playful revenge for making her wet herself.

}}

Isn't it funny how ideas come back around. I know originally I said that I didn't think it would work, but with this setup, it totally fits, and I'm down to write it!

The only thing that I don't know, is how Nia would end up wetting herself. She has such a big bladder, or at least on par with Mary-Ann's, that its hard to come up with a scenario where she has an accident. Not that it couldn't happen though

*186*2022-03-01 18:56

{{12 hours ago, orangelion said:

How about we change the set up a bit to where Nia is already controlling Mary-Ann's bladder. Mary-Ann and Nia are hiking while they are both really desperate, but not about to pee your pants desperate. Nia thinks it would be funny to pop a squat in front of Mary-Ann while denying her permission to do the same. As Nia begins to pee Mary-Ann tells her to move as she sees a snake. Nia gets out of the way, but isn't able to stop peeing and it turns out there was no snake. I'll let you decide whether Mary-Ann genuinely thought there was a snake or if she just did it to mess with Nia. This leads to Nia deciding to take revenge on Mary-Ann with the plastic wrap.

}}

I like the idea of them being outdoors or doing somthing athletic. Instead of the snake, I’m thinking that maybe Mary-Ann gets denied to squat with Nia, on account of Nia controlling her bladder, but she tries anyway. Nia stands to stop her from pulling down her pants, and in the scrum, Mary-Ann reverse-pantses her, causing the wetting/revenge.

Maybe the two devolved some sort of prank war even…they seem like the friends who would do that to each other

*189*2022-03-12 00:52

A/N: I intended this to be a short bonus to end Chapter 5, but instead, it became its own nice section. If you're into desperation and peeing, this is a great one! As per usual, feedback is not only welcomed but appreciated. Questions, a review of chapter 5 and a preview of Chapter 6 at the bottom!

Chapter 5.11: Expect the Unexpected

Mary-Ann’s leg felt clammy and cold. Why? Right. Kar let you pee the bed. That was fun, you should try that at home sometime. Mary-Ann smacked her lips, feeling her dry mouth. Karenna was snoring lightly. Reaching over to the table near her, she grabbed her phone, the bright screen burning her eyes. Huh. 7:30.

“No!” Mary-Ann sprung out of bed

Slipping her wet shorts and sodden panties off, Mary-Ann quickly ran to the table that she had left her work clothes on. Her favorite beige pencil skirt, pantyhose, blouse and blazer. No panties. She had planned wearing the ones she had on last night. The ones that had soaked in her pee all night. Without time to change into a fresh pair, she decided to go without. Putting her pantyhose on, she grimaced as the fabric touched her nude skin. They hid little, and as she slipped into her skirt, she knew someone could see her genitals through the fabric of her light pantyhose. Without the time to complain or worry, she put her top on and the blazer with it, she had confidence in the length of her skirt

She could feel the dull ache of her morning pee as she tried to wake Karenna up. Mary-Ann felt bad about tapping the slightly snoring Karenna, but they needed to leave. Karenna’s eyes fluttered open. She smiled

“Hey boss.”

“Kar, c’mon. Its time to get up.”

“Mpff…like five more minutes?”

“It’s 7:30!”

“Seven. Thir-oh no!”

Karenna bolted of bed and darted into the bathroom. If Mary-Ann had a chance to use it before heading out, it was over.

Mary-Ann didn’t hear water running or a toilet flushing, but Karenna ran back out quickly, nearly stumbling as she attempted to finish getting herself into her white business pants. Tucking in her black shirt as she buttoned her pants, she threw on a matching white sport coat.

The two moved as quickly as they could out of Karenna’s apartment, neglecting breakfast and the bathroom as their heels clicked and clacked off of the concrete. Swinging themselves into Mary-Ann’s SUV, they were ready by quarter of eight. They were very, very late.

“Boss, um, before we go…can I go potty?”

“Kar, we’re late as it is. We might just barely make it for our team meeting.”

Karenna sheepishly looked at Mary-Ann

“And you’re not going in your pants either!”

“Towels?”

“Used. Yesterday. And that reminds me. I put them in your wash if you wouldn’t mind returning them to me.”

Karenna sighed

“We’ll make it. Lets just focus on getting there on time.”

The SUV pulled out onto the main road, both Mary-Ann and Karenna hoped that traffic would be light. In their heart of hearts, they knew it wouldn’t be.

Cassie awoke violently.

“John! John, what the fuck? Stop shake-“

“Cheryl’s here! Get out!”

Without much thought, Cassie ran for the door. She felt a hand grip her wrist.

“You moron, she’s outside the door. Hide!”

“But you told me-“

“Shhh!”

John gripped her by her shoulders and helped get Cassie underneath the bed. Bumping her nose into the carpet, her senses were greeted with the heavy sensation of dirt and pet hair. Obviously, it had been a while since the carpet under the bed was last cleaned. If ever. The bedroom door flung open, and Cassie could feel the air skirt under the bed. She hoped she didn’t sneeze. A pair of jeans, only visible up to the shin walked in.

“Who is she?”

“What? She?”

“I can tell.” The jean clad legs wondered around the room, investigating every corner and crevice

“Are you accusing me of what I think you are?”

“Don’t you dare! Don’t even start with me!”

“What?”

“Why did your son tell me last night that other mom was over?”

“He’s three!”

“He’s not blind! You’re fucking around!”

“Why would I cheat on you? Cheryl. You remember how we met?”

She was close to the bed, John walked in front of her

“John. Not this. Not now.”

“The perfect story. It’s what everyone wants. You really think I’d give it up? Don’t you trust me?”

Silence. The jeaned shins paced. Cassie watched, the woman’s socks just inches from her face. Cassie hoped she’d stay put. An exasperated sigh.

“Alright. Look. Traffic was awful. I’ve got to pee. But we are not done with this. Don’t you dare leave this room.”

“I’ve got nothing to hide honey.”

Cassie watched the woman storm off towards the attached bathroom. After the door shut, she crawled on her stomach towards the end of the bed. For the first time that morning, she felt the pull of the carpet on her bladder.

John helped her up as the both of them heard the splatter and hiss of Cheryl’s pee stream. Giving her a kiss on the forehead as she stood, John quietly guided Cassie towards the window. Still wearing her now creased red dress, John handed Cassie her phone as she hopped out of the window backwards. Carefully, she placed her bare feet on the window sill.

The short, skimpy dress hardly covered her beyond her hips, and as Cassie attempted to climb out of the first story window, she knew her snatch was exposed. It should have been no surprise that she felt John’s fingers run along her lips. Leaning in for another kiss, the two heard the bathroom door unlock. In an attempt to quickly descend, Cassie dropped her leg towards the ground, but in her haste, slipped and tumbled backwards onto the lawn below.

Pain, worry and fear gripped her mind for a moment. Knocking the wind out of her lungs, she attempted to regain her breath. She could hear the muffled conversation of John and his wife just above her. The window was still open. Whatever he was saying, it gave Cassie time to regain her wind. Checking to make sure she hadn’t wet herself from the fall, she was thankful that she was dry. Her phone, laying out in the lawn, was less well off. Cracked and now dirty, Cassie quickly checked the time. It was eight. She needed to be at work in a half hour. Cassie tried to remember where her car was. John had driven her home from the bar. It was probably there. There was no way she was going to be on time if she walked back to get it. She was in the city, maybe she could just walk to work.

Checking her phone’s GPS, she could feasibly do so. You’re a mess Cassie. A failure. Why did you do this? You knew you had work today. Call in sick and call a cab. Pulling up a rideshare app on her phone, she saw many available rides. Picking one, she tried to order a ride home. Nothing. Her card had been declined. Are you really going to walk? As she stepped onto the sidewalk, Cassie realized that she didn’t really have another option. No purse, no credit card. She could walk to her car or walk to the office. In her head, she debated. As she did, Cassie made her way towards the office. It was a shorter trip anyway. Hoping she had enough good will with her colleagues, she guessed that one of them could bail her out.

The SUV slowed to a halt. Looking out the window, Karenna could see rows and rows of red lights. Exhaling, she rubbed her thighs and crossed her legs, wedging her hand between them.

“You too Kar?”

“I told you I had to go potty before we left.”

“We were going to be late.”

“Well, we’re still going to be late. And I still have to potty.”

“You’re not the only one. And can you not call it that?”

“Why? You don’t think it’s cute?”

“No. Can you use better words for it?”

“Like wha-“ Karenna’s phone began to ring “Wonder what Cassie wants.” Karenna muttered before picking up the call.

Without Karenna to distract her, Mary-Ann’s mind went to her filing bladder. It sat like a rock in her abdomen. Used to relief in the morning, it was not happy that it had to wait. Especially with the wait as prolonged as it appeared to be. Looking down, Mary-Ann could see the outline of her bladder, pushing her blouse away and giving her a slightly heftier appearance than she would like, particularly after her efforts at the gym. Unable to use her hands, Mary-Ann felt an uncomfortable tightness around her genitals.

Karenna felt a tingle that ran through her snatch and up her spine. While pleasant for now, this was typically the point in which she would decide how to end her hold. This forced hold however, had no end in sight. The car was not moving, but her urine was. Inside her bladder, her waste tested the strength of her muscles, pressing on the walls and opening, looking for a way to seep out of her. She was still too strong. Aided by her hand compressing her privates, Karenna listened to Cassie on the other end of the phone

“Anyway, I could really use your help.”

“What do you need?”

“Don’t tell Mary-Ann, ok?”

“Don’t tell her what?”

“I’m in a bit of trouble…”

“Serious? You ok?”

“Fine. Ow…stupid sidewalk…Do you by chance have any spare clothes?”

Karenna smiled, she played with a thought in her mind. Quietly she asked Cassie a question. A tantalizing fantasy she had in her mind. Mary-Ann didn’t hear it

“Did you…have an accident…” Karenna exhaled, partly her own desperation, partly from desire

“No! Not that I don’t have to go now though” Cassie mumbled

Me too. Tell her how bad it is. Karenna bit her lower lip, her libido rising. Tell her you’re about to lose it. Karenna didn’t say a word as she tried to calm herself. Scolding herself for her wants, she tied to sound normal

“No. No I don’t have anything for you, sorry. I doubt you’d even fit in mine.”

“I guess you’re right. You know, with you being your little cute-size and all. Ow! Fucking rock…Do you at least have shoes I could borrow?

Karenna balled her hands into fists as she squirmed in both desperation and the sexual flavor Cassie gave her. Call me cute again and I will do you. Don’t even play with me Karenna was horny on top of her desperation. She couldn’t tell if she made it worse or better.

“Maybe Anna can help you out. Sorry, I don’t have anything for you.” Karenna paused “Thanks though.”

“For what?”

“You know…calling me cute” Karenna blushed

“You know its true! Hey, I’m going to call Anna, and I’m not going to hold this against you. My fault I’m not dressed right.”

They said their goodbyes and Karenna tried to calm down again. She had a whole workday ahead of her, and couldn’t be having sexual fantasies distract her. The car inched forward. Her bladder, now fuller, throbbed in growing discomfort. She looked at Mary-Ann. The SUV was now in park, and her boss had her hands in the crotch of her pencil skirt, rocking back and forth gently. They were stuck, and growing very desperate.

Cassie knew she was an odd sight. A creased, crumpled, skimpy red dress and fancy makeup, bare feet and a pee dance. She stood on the corner, almost looking like a woman of the night, but this woman had to pee. Her fingers dug into the sides of her phone, hoping the sensation of the protective case would distract her from her urgent need. She tapped Anna’s contact number. It rang once. Cassie crossed the street. Twice. She stopped on the other side of the street. A third ring. She crossed her legs. A fourth. Cassie was sure it’d go to voicemail as she bounced. The fifth ring.

“I have to pee” Cassie said to no one in particular

“Um…” Except Anna, who had answered the phone

“Oh! Shit! Hey, thanks for picking up, I could use a huge favor.”

“Ok?”

“Do you have any spare clothes?”

“Why?” Anna asked coldly “Why would you even assume-“ Her voice became harsher

“Because I need them. I’m in kind of a bad spot.”

“Oh. Yeah…yeah I have…spares…” Anna returned to her quiet self

“Thank you! Can I borrow them for the day?”

“I don’t think-“

“Please? I’ll buy you food!”

“I kind of need them…”

“For what? Anna, name your price, please! I sort of fucked up. I really need your help!”

Anna sighed “Fine. Fine. Meet me by my car. I’ll text you where it is.”

“You’re the best!”

The two hung up. Despite her growing need to urinate, Cassie had at least cleared one hurdle.

Mary-Ann stepped on the gas. The car inched forward. There was no where to go, she was only tapping the gas impatiently. Her seat cooler was on its highest setting, its fan blasting her clammy back with its coolness. She was sweaty, hot. Almost feverish, her muscles were tense. Tightly held in their spots, they each attempted to quell Mary-Ann’s irritated bladder. Her concentrated morning pee sloshed against the sides of her bladder, each movement of the heavy liquid put additional pressure against her strained muscles. Another tap of the gas pedal. She was just inches away from the car in front of her. But the exit sign was visible. She decided to break the silence

“How…” She exhaled “How you holding up, Kar?”

The black woman’s legs were pretzeled, wrapped around each other tightly, her heels were nearly falling off her feet as they trembled.

“This…isn’t fun anymore.” Karenna whined.

Rigid, she looked over to her boss “Can I please pee my pants?”

“No.”

“Please?”

“No.”

“I’m asking because it hurts. Please” Karenna begged

“And I’m telling you no because we are about to go to work. Because I know we can make it.”

Quiet ensued for a moment. Karenna swallowed, trying to obey. “It-it might happen anyway.”

“Look. I’m serious. We can do this. If you wet yourself, you’ll have a week with no work and no pay.”

“I-I…”

“You know my rule. It applies here too.”

Karenna had dug herself into a hole and she knew it. If she just let it out to ease the pain, she’d disappoint her boss. More importantly, she’d let down her friend and herself. They were on the off ramp. Moving at a snail’s pace. But they were moving.

Mary-Ann felt damp. She knew she had leaked. While debating with Karenna, she felt the smallest dribble pass through her labia and dampen her pantyhose. She hoped she would be able to abide by her own rule. Though she could see the office building inside the city limits, they were still stuck. Hope was all she had.

Cassie danced like a child. One hand was balled into a fist and the other clutched that hand. They both were nestled in her crotch. Standing at a crosswalk that commanded her to stay on her side, she bounced from foot to foot. Those who saw her on the sidewalk knew what was wrong with her. Most of the people around her were more interested in their phones to notice, save for the Asian man next to her.

Alerted to her presence when she accidentally bumped his shoulder during one of her dances, he gave her a perplexed look.

“I’ve gotta piss real bad.” She explained

He may or may not have heard her. His conversation was disjointed at first, however, Cassie realized that he was on the phone. Talking through his earbuds, he was more annoyed that she had bumped into him than anything else. As the sign changed to allow the group to cross, Cassie hurried along. Owing to her full bladder and the pain on the soles of her feet.

The cold hand of fear gripped Mary-Ann’s heart. Spanning the length of her body like a web, it felt heavy in her head. A weightless feeling enraptured her arms. Her hands held the steering wheel, if only barely. Nearly every brain function was focused on preventing her bladder from relaxing. She took a breath in. Then out. Focusing on the basics, Mary-Ann’s will was the only thing keeping her dry.

A high pitched whine escaped Karenna’s lips. She undid her seatbelt

“You’re ok…you-you’re ok…”

“eeee-it’s coming out!”

“No Kar, i-it’s-s not.” Mary-Ann said more for her own benefit than Karenna’s.

Karenna wasn’t lying. Twisted and contorted against the car door, she rested her head against the window. Shaking and sweaty she felt another hot spurt dampen her panties. Not enough to leave a patch on her pants, but with the car still at a halt and not yet off the highway, she knew she was defeated.

“Boss…” She said weakly “l-let…let me pe-pee.”

“No…w-we…we-I” As Mary-Ann tried to empower Karenna, she felt the first searing hot drops of piss break out.

“We’ll make it!” She proclaimed

Not a second after she was done denying the situation they were in, Mary-Ann felt the first real jet of warm pee spray into her pantyhose. Shocked, she let out a gasp

“N-not…not you too…” Karenna choaked out

“Just a little…I peed a little…it’s f-fine. We’re at the…turn.” Hopeful that this was the last of the traffic, the SUV made a slow turn onto the main road, finally off the highway.

Cassie made it. She wasn’t sure how, but she had managed to walk to work. Unable to fully stand from her need, she jostled her way into the parking garage. Grimacing as she walked on the dirty ground with her bare feet, she made her way down towards Anna’s car. Sending a text, she hoped the secretary would be able to bail her out soon. More importantly, she hoped she could find a spot to squat, and at least cross one problem off of her extensive list.

The parade of cars was endless. Many people were still just getting into work, many owing their tardiness to the massive traffic jam. To Cassie’s dismay, it meant that their would be no place to go discreetly. Desperately, she hurried to Anna’s car. Standing outside the locked vehicle, she shifted her weight from foot to foot, holding on to a full bladder while she waited.

The SUV calmly waded through traffic, despite the gnawing desperation of its occupants. Karenna, having begun to spurt into her panties again, tightly closed her eyes. She shook. She whined. Jet after jet of hot piss spurted out of her and drenched her already wet panties. The patch that had developed on her white slacks grew wider and wider. Her voice, hardly more than a whisper, called out to her boss.

“It’s…t-t-too late…I’m gonna p-pee.”

“Wait! Kar! I-I I just...just thought of s-soMething.” Mary-Ann was driving as best as she could, even as she began to leak into her pantyhose again

“My-my coffee cup…from yesterday.” Mary-Ann frantically grabbed the plastic cup from the car holder

“Y-you g-go boss…I’m…I can’t.”

“We’re almost there Kar. Just-j-just do half…you’ll be o-ok…please?”

“H-h-help me.” Karenna slowly pulled her pants down, shaking as she slid them off

Karenna’s pants were wet at the crotch, and her panties equally as so. A dark patch dripped as she peeled them off. Mary-Ann popped the lid off of the plastic cup and set it underneath her friend as they came to a red light.

Seeing Karenna’s pussy for the first time meant little for Mary-Ann. It was similar to hers, though smaller. Coated in clear piss, it quivered before erupting in a stream of clear, hot piss.

The cabin of the car filled with the sound of the warm liquid splattering into the cup. The sound was too much, and Karenna’s moan of relief was too great, and Mary-Ann began to pee along with her. Quickly, the cup filled, warming Mary-Ann’s hand along with it. As it neared came close to the halfway mark, she begged Karenna

“Kar, please! Please! I have to use it too!”

“Ehhh!” Karenna whined, her whole body shaking as she cut off the stream of piss “No! No!” A loud pattering sound followed as a fresh stream of pee eked its way out onto the seat, just as Mary-Ann pulled the cup away

“I-I need this too!” Mary-Ann shrieked as the light turned green

She had been unable to stop her weak stream, no matter the strain she put on her body from the time Karenna had used the cup, now she stood, hiking her skirt up. A car horn honked behind her as she attempted to pull her dripping pantyhose down.

“Oh shut up! I nee-d…pee…”

Soon the cabin of the car was again filled with the sound of a woman urinating. A splash was the first obvious sound as a thick stream quickly flew out of Mary-Ann’s snatch. Karenna, usually taking a peek at her boss when she could, paid no attention. She had just stopped her leak and was attempting to pull her panties back over herself.

“Ah! I don’t want to…stop.” Mary-Ann barely admitted as the cup began to overflow onto her seat.

More cars honked behind them. Karenna leaned over and grabbed the wheel

“Just hit…hit the -p-pedal…”

Mary-Ann gingerly moved the cup from under her, even as another shot of pee flew out of her and onto the seat. Pushing down the pedal, Karenna helped maneuver the car through traffic. Releasing one last spurt of pee before regaining control, she sat down in her warm, wet seat. Both Mary-Ann and Karenna were silent. Their shared desperation was immense, but now, hope had returned.

Cassie stood on the balls of her feet. Craning her neck, she could make out just one figure sauntering down the garage. It was Anna. Biting her lower lip and bouncing from foot to foot, Cassie awaited help. When it arrived, she gave Anna a hug

“Thank you so much! You’re a lifesaver! Can you also cover me real quick? I gotta squat.”

Cassie started to bend down, not waiting for a response

“Squat?”

“Piss. I really have to piss.”

“Um…can you please wait to use the office bathroom?” Anna’s bladder had been set off by other girls before, and she wasn’t about to risk anything with Cassie taking her only spares.

“Anna, please?” Cassie hiked up her skirt, revealing herself

“Uhh...I won’t let you wear my spares if you do!” Anna wasn’t used to threatening, but she desperately wanted to avoid any incidents

“O-oh…ok…fine, have it your way.”

Anna did cover Cassie while she desperately stripped out of her dress and chucked it into Anna’s backseat. Before she grabbed Anna’s clothes, Cassie decided to have it her way anyway. Standing behind Anna, now naked, she spread her pierced labia apart and began to pee.

“NOOOOO!” Anna yelled, and dashed forward, plugging her ears

“You don’t understand, I really-“

“STOP!”

Cassie did so, but not because Anna asked her to. A black SUV rounded the corner, forcing her to hold it, and dart into the open backseat of Anna’s car. Now hidden from view, she waited until it passed. Anna reappeared in the doorway

“Cassie. Don’t. I’m seriously going to leave you naked. Don’t pee!”

Cassie rolled her eyes “Fine. It’s just pee though.”

“Just pee? It ruined…” Anna stopped

“What?” Cassie was getting dressed

“Nothing.”

“You sure?” Cassie wiggled into the smaller skirt and stood

“Yeah. Let’s. Let’s go.”

“Good. I really got to fucking piss right now.”

Now dressed, Cassie and Anna made their way back to the office.

Mary-Ann had found a parking space in the garage. Her skirt was wet from the seat. It had absorbed some of her leaks. Though her genitals burned with her need to urinate, she hadn’t leaked again after helping to fill the cup. She was nearly out of time and she knew it.

Karenna was catatonic. Having not acknowledged the fact that they were at their destination, she was curled into a tight ball. Mary-Ann could see a stain on the crotch of her pants where her friend had leaked as well. She put her hand on Karenna’s shoulder

“Kar, we made it. We’re here.” The girl didn’t make a move. Feeling her own need press her again, Mary-Ann asked “You did it.”

Karenna shook her head “I-I can’t…move…it’ll…happen…”

Mary-Ann opened her door. Standing, she felt lightheaded. Holding herself, she felt her bladder weigh her down like a stone in the ocean. Gingerly placing one foot in front of the other, she made her way to the passenger door. Karenna still didn’t move as her boss opened the door

“Kar. We can do this.”

The girl nearly had tears in her eyes. Mary-Ann felt a hot rush towards her weak opening. One that, now standing, she couldn’t hold well.

“I need you. I’m…I’m peeing again…trust me…we can make it.”

Mary-Ann strained as hard as she could. It helped little. Drops and spurts made their way down her pantyhose, staining them further.

Karenna reached out her arm. Mary-Ann took it with her shoulders, and assisted her out of the car. A bead of pee ran down her leg as she hoisted Karenna onto the pavement below. As soon as Karenna’s heels hit the ground, she took off running, a full sprint with one goal in mind. The bathroom.

Karenna could not stop her urine any longer. It spurted and ran along with her. The best she could do was slow it’s speed. Dashing by Cassie and Anna, she bolted through the door to the office.

“Woah!” Cassie nearly fell as Karenna rushed by “Hi, Karenn- Hi Mary-“ Cassie watched the two hastily dash towards the bathroom. She mentioned to Anna before walking towards it herself “We’ll catch up later, they’ve got the right idea.”

Karenna made it first, though not by much. She swung the door open with enough force to bang it off of the opposite wall as she laid her shoulder into the stall door. As it swung closed behind her, she barely locked it before her snatch began to hiss. The first indication that she was no longer leaking, but peeing her pants.

Frantically, she swung her pants down to her kneecaps, preserving them somewhat, however her panties were saturated with the full force of her desperately held pee. Sticking her fingers into the waistband, she pulled her soaked panties down too, before spaying a wide mark of piss out of her. She heard a knock on the stall door

“Kar, please! I’m not going to make it!” Mary-Ann’s heels danced on the tile in front of the door

Karenna only responded with the load moan of relief. Expecting to hear her piss splashing into the water reserve of the toilet, she opened her eyes to peek at herself. She had forgotten to open the toilet seat, and was peeing all over the toilet itself. She didn’t care. Sighing, she pressed on, forcing more pent up pee out of her half-squat and onto the toilet and tile floor.

Mary-Ann couldn’t hold it anymore. Without thought, she pulled up her skirt, and her pantyhose down.

Cassie caught the door as it swung back. The air still felt fluid as the two bodies of her colleagues had rushed though. Expecting a line, she instead had an experience that was far different. She heard the splattering of Karenna’s urine and the puddle that was expanding under the stall doors. But what she saw was her boss, pantyhose down and skirt up, squatting in front of the door. Seeing her, Mary-Ann explained herself, sounding on the verge of tears

“I-I’m sorry Cassie…I can’t…I really have to-“

Her legs quivered and shook as a pale, yellow arc of pee spayed forth. As Mary-Ann pushed, it forcefully smacked and splattered the tile, creeping under the stall door of the still pissing Karenna.

“D-don’t look…Please!”

Cassie couldn’t care less. She knew what it was like. And by their actions, she knew the two had to have been desperate. She still needed to go herself, and made her way to the urinal. The only one of the three to use the toilet properly, she stood, leaned forward, and spread herself. As she commanded, her own held piss made its way out of her and arced against the wall of the standing toilet. The group collectively sighed as they all found relief.

Karenna felt her stream dying down. She was standing in it, having had her pee fly and bounce off of every side of the porcelain toilet, the puddle underneath her was expansive. Not to mention the intrusion from Mary-Ann’s puddle. Karenna wasn’t sure, but she hoped her boss had made it too. Worried, she wondered how she’d go about the rest of her day. She didn’t care if strangers saw her wet. Many times, she wished they did. But Mary-Ann had a rule, a rule which she obeyed. And she wondered if she had broken it. Down to her thighs, her dress pants were obviously wet. Her panties were soaked. Grabbing spare toilet paper, she placed it on the seat, and sat down. She didn’t know what to do.

Mary-Ann wanted to cry. She wanted this to end. But her stream of pee continued to pour out of her and onto the floor. Even as it began to stop, she still felt ashamed. It was her bathroom, and she didn’t make it. Her pantyhose were ruined, stained with her leakage. She was nearly done, and simply pulled them back up, finishing her pee into them out of frustration. It wasn’t much, but she shimmied her skirt back down. She’d toss her pantyhose into the trash in her personal office, but there was nothing she could do about the wet patch on the back of her skirt.

Cassie felt relief. As she finished, she prematurely flushed, peeing into the cascading water of the urinal. Shaking to dry herself, she turned towards the sink. Mary-Ann had left, but her puddle still remained. As she washed her hands, she heard the stall door open.

Carefully, Karenna stepped out, her heels walking into the massive puddle. She took the sink next to Cassie, who started the conversation

“Guess I’ll clean it. Already had to last week anyway…”

“What?”

“Oh, Anna and-.” Cassie stopped. “Never mind.”

Karenna wasn’t in the mood for talking. She didn’t press. Cassie looked at Karenna’s legs and tried again, the sinks still going

“You know that cute patch on your pants reminds me of that concert we went too.”

Karenna looked at Cassie, her sink still running. She didn’t say anything. Cassie shut her sink off and began to dry her hands and walk out of the bathroom.

“Guess it means you won’t be putting on a show today though. Kinda disappointing.”

This got Karenna’s attention “Show?”

“Yeah.” Cassie dropped the used paper towel into the garbage “You usually put on this pee dance for our Monday meetings.” She shot a glance at Karenna’s pee stain “Guess I got a better one today though.” As the door swung shut behind her, Karenna heard Cassie finish her thought “Thanks.”

Stunned, Karenna was silent for a moment. The bathroom, now empty, save for the puddles left behind, did not answer her only question “Did you like it?”

A/N: Did Cassie's actions hurt or help her character here? Not in terms of whether or not she's a good person, but whether or not you like her. I know it's kind of risky to introduce something like this, so your earnest feedback is appreciated. Also, does the desperation seem natural, or after chapter 5, is it hard to imagine these girls not taking an excuse to wet themselves anymore?

As for my thoughts on Chapter 5, they're actually negative. I loved your suggestions of course, and those were always the best part to write, but something about writing multiple intentional wetting scenes per section was draining in a way I was not expecting. I also think that taking the girls out of the office for so long hurts the promise of a story titled "I think my boss needs to pee." I still like intentional wettings, just not multiple in one section I guess. Let me know your thoughts on chapter 5 as well

Chapter 6 will be much more focused on two things: Desperation and peeing. While it will get back to the office and there will be wetting in the chapter, there is much more story that is going to happen in it. Maybe Sarah even returns a little (hint: Bad girls make good schemes)

*192*2022-03-13 01:56

{{10 hours ago, Infinity_Hold said:

This was a very good part with simultanious desperation of multiple characters, switching between their perspectives.

Regarding Cassie, I didn't like her having an affair with a married man, but it kind of fits her character. Everything else was very natural. I am excited to see, where this dynamic with her and Karenna is going (calling her cute and liking to see her pee dance). Maybe they will even get together at some point.

I also didn't like chapter 5 quite as well as the other chapters, but that's probably because I am mostly into desperation, so intentional wetting doesn't do much for me, but there were also some desperation scenes that I liked, so it was still definately worth reading.

Looking forward to chapter 6. I hope it will be as good as this last part.

}}

I’m glad you could pick things out of chapter 5 that you liked, but I too think 6 will be more of your flavor! Sudden desperation and built up desperation too, and a lot of peeing scenes.

Cassie and Karenna might be fun to watch too

{{7 hours ago, orangelion said:

First of all, I loved the desperation and peeing of this sub-chapter. I do like the different scenes occurring at once, though I would have personally liked if there was a dividing line between just cause I like the dividing structure. If Chapter 6 had more of the same then it will end up being my absolute favorite chapter. I'm excited to see what schemes Sarah makes.

I don't mind Cassie sleeping with married man. I think it develops her character more and shows that she doesn't really care who she sleeps with. The fact that the man is married makes him look bad rather than Cassie. He voluntarily chose to sleep with her even though he made a commitment to his wife, but Cassie made no commitment to anyone. It is clear that it wasn't the first time for the man and it probably won't be the last. This doesn't make me like her any more or any less than before, but it does let us know her better.

The desperation seemed very natural for me. At the start they woke up late and couldn't afford the time to use the toilet. Then in the car and in the office Mary-Ann has the no playing rule. Even if she didn't have the rule, she wouldn't want to get her car wet if it could be avoided and they didn't have any spare clothes to change into if they wet themselves in the car or in the office.

As for Chapter 5, it is my favorite overall chapter so far, though I think Chapter 6 will probably take it's spot. Chapter 5 has the most peeing scenes and it still has plenty of desperation in addition to intentional wettings. It also allowed for a lot of unique games and scenarios not possible in an office or city setting. I can see how it can be draining to write similar scenarios though, you spent a lot more time on writing it than I did reading it. Don't feel pressured to write another Chapter 5 on my part though.

I think Chapter 5 still fits the title though strictly speaking since Mary-Ann still had to pee and not all bosses work in an office anyway. Additionally, I wouldn't care if it completely moved away from an office because it is your writing that attracted me rather than the office setting and sometimes stories take a different turn. Kind of like how discussions somehow move to a completely different topic than what started them.

}}

I will say, Sarah’s scheme will start here, but will probably carry over. Chapter 6 is just the start, and I should have clarified that it won’t be pee related…not directly anyway. If the transitions are too jarring, which I was worried about when posting, I can make the dividing lines to make the read easier too!

I’m pleasantly surprised that chapter 5 was your favorite, and I know that games will make their return, just maybe not multiple in one section. 8-10k word sections are a lot lol. As for my biggest worry; that it hurt the ability to do believable desperation, I’m glad to hear that it is not the case. I don’t want to completely forgo realism (though it is fiction) so im glad the “why don’t they just pee themselves” isn’t yet at the back of the readers mind yet

*194*2022-03-14 13:56

{{On 3/12/2022 at 10:01 PM, orangelion said:

Which chapter did you think would be my favorite?

}}

Honestly, I thought it’d be chapter 4, which had more of a focus on pee scenes. Not to the extent that 6 will, but the most so far

*195*2022-03-20 19:30

A/N: I wasn't planning on bringing them back this early, but I've decided to add in a few interludes. This is Nia's first one as the main star, and comes from a suggestion by @Bucketman

I know that both @LifeIsStrange and @orangelion

Both have requests out as well, but these both fell into the mainline story, due to their ability to make plot connections later on. As always, questions at the bottom and feedback is not only welcomed, but appreciated!

Interlude 4.1

It wasn’t the early morning that brought Nia’s mood down. She was accustomed to it, and even enjoyed waking before the sun. What gave her a melancholy disposition was leaving Drew. Dressed in her workout gear, she gave his sleeping body one last look. He worked as hard as she did, and for that, she loved him. For so many things, she loved him. Lightly, she gave his forehead a kiss before leaving, wishing they had another day together.

The whoosh of her long black basketball shorts didn’t disturb Drew’s sleep as she left their bedroom. Nor did the sound of her car starting in the driveway. Nia sat in the dark, excited to prefect her craft, saddened to leave the love of her life. Looking for a playlist to take her mind off of her melancholy, she scrolled through her phone.

A notification rang out. A text from Mary-Ann. It was simple and innocent, just her friend wishing her a good time at training camp. With a smile, she sent back a thank you text, and as she did so, her mind wondered to the fun they had just a month earlier. Nia took a drink from her water bottle. Smacking her lips, she pondered on holding it. She hadn’t explored her new found game since Karenna and Mary-Ann left, but the idea of challenging herself intrigued her. Pulling up the route she’d have to drive, Nia knew that she would have to stop for gas near the end of her trip. It didn’t take long for her competitive mind to develop a challenge. Within the first hour, she would finish her entire water bottle. Until she hit the gas station to refuel, she would wait. Quickly, she snapped out of her blue mood, and ready to battle with her bladder, she put her game face on. For that, she could thank Mary-Ann too.

The first hour was uneventful, other than the completion of her goal. The expensive mineral water had been completely downed by Nia, and the big bladdered girl felt nothing. As her music droned on, she hardly even cared. Her thoughts drifted back to her husband. He loved her, she knew that. Yet they spent so little of their time together. During the season, she had no spare moments, and given the important and punctual nature of Drew’s work, when she did have free time, it was often interrupted. Perhaps this is what kept them so close. Nia physically shook her head. It was a bad thought. She married Drew because she wanted every moment she could with him. Despite the hatful response from some of her relatives, she knew this man was the one. Her downhearted mood had returned. She wanted her husband.

As the end of the trip drew near, so did Nia’s desperation. Though she still sat still in her car, her muscles tightly bound against the rushing waters of her bladder. She exhaled, knowing that she was entering the best part of a hold. As the pitch black of the early morning had now given away to the pink of the morning, each dark tree that rushed beside her car gained its color back. Even in the day, the rural highway she was driving down was a quiet one. In the early morning, Nia felt as though she was the only car on the road. Still keeping her stoic, statue like posture, Nia could only feel her bladder. Now driving over the speed limit, she hoped to reach the gas station sooner than she had originally planned. Her bladder ached, the pricy spring water she had downed now pounded her large bladder. Nia was determined to win.

Nia was close, but her bladder was just as close. Her GPS called out the distance, it was under two miles. Taking the called exit, her knuckles gripped the wheel as she guided the car down the exit ramp. Coming to a rest at the bottom of the ramp, Nia held herself for the first time. She could feel her pubic hair through her panty-less shorts. Her pussy was tight, desperately holding back a massive flow. As she stepped on the gas pedal again, Nia’s confidence grew. Though her breathing was heavy to compensate for the strain of holding her urine in, Nia used her deep breathing to relax her. A tactic she often used to generate a second wind during the end of a game, Nia smiled as the light of the rural gas station peaked over the crest of the hill.

Pulling into the dusty lot of the seldom used gas station, she pulled her expensive car up to the lone filling station. Shutting her car off, Nia hopped out. Walking confidently to the small building, she showed no signs of her true desperation.

The building was small, and may have been converted from an old home. The only features that distinguished it from a small house was the bright neon sign that read open and the cigarette advertisements in the small square windows. The inside was nearly dark, lit by just two florescent lights. A small man stood behind the counter, protected by glass, which Nia assumed was bullet proof.

“Hi, could I get 65 on…” She pointed to the pump “That one. And the key to the bathroom?”

The man pointed to a sign on the glass that she had neglected to read No public restroom

Nia’s desperation suddenly took hold, breaking through her indifferent demeanor. Balling her hands into fists, she crossed her legs and bent at the knees, a slight bounce taking over.

“Can you make an exception. Please?”

The small man shook his head as he took her payment.

Biting her lip, Nia grimaced. She needed to find a way to relieve herself. Her confidence dashed, Nia could no longer stand fully straight. As she exited the small building, her genitals burned. Surveying her surroundings, she couldn’t find a place in her immediate area that she was comfortable getting relief from. An abandoned lot was just across the street, but in the early morning light, she wasn’t sure that she should wander over to it. Given that there was no cover anywhere to be found, Nia stayed desperate, and danced as she filled her car.

A desperate fist held her minge as she exhaled. She sucked on her lower lip. Nia bounced in place as she watched the meter ring out the amount of gallons her car needed. She exhaled, attempting to control her breathing again. It helped, but the only thought on her mind was her urgent need to pee. Moving her hand, she now held herself with her fingers, sighing in relief as her car finished filling. She got back in her car, with one goal as she started the motor. End her hold.

Nia dared not adventure into the Podunk town that was nestled into the bottom of the hill. Quickly, she turned the car around and sped towards the highway. As she made her way to the entrance ramp, she felt a warmth that she was trying to avoid. Stealing a feel of her shorts, she still felt dry. The psychological impact was great, and Nia’s determination became fanatical. Having just reentered the highway, she immediately put her hazards on and slowed down. Traveling over the rumble strips, she parked on the side of the two lane highway.

The basketball star flung the door of her expensive car open, and dashed out into the lane beside her, her hand mashed against her tight genitals through her shorts. Still a quiet road, she quickly made her way around to the passenger side of her car without issue. Not wanting to run into the woods in shorts, Nia forewent modesty and pulled her black basketball shorts down to her ankles. Just in front of the fender on the passenger side of her car, she squatted over the edge of the road.

Lifting her head to the sky, Nia let out a groan as she heard a familiar hiss. Leaning back, she exhaled and closed her eyes. To the heavens she exclaimed

“I had to piss so bad!”

Her urine was clear, evidence of her well hydrated state. Contracting her muscles harder, her ears only picked up the sound of her piss passing through her hairy labia. Despite the fact that the source was hidden underneath her ample pubic hair, the arc of clear piss was apparent as it smacked the grass by the edge of the highway. Regardless of the morning dew that coated the rest of the land around her, the grass below her now sported a district sheen as it was bathed in her warm pee.

Suddenly, another sound alerted her to an approaching car. Worry struck her as they slowed briefly. Immersed in the headlights of their car, her act was clear. Squatting near her car, the driver of the approaching car had a clear view of her well-toned butt, and a clear liquid pouring out of her. They may not have known her, but they knew she was peeing.

After passing the squatting Nia, the other motorist sped up, giving her two honks as they continued down the road. They had slowed for a better view of the pissing Nia, but were harmless. She didn’t like that they had stolen a look at her, but as she finished urinating, she knew that it was better than the alternative. Giving herself a wiggle to shake off the remaining drips and drops of pee, Nia pulled her shorts back up. The endorphins of a successful hold began to take her, making the rest of her trip an enjoyable one.

###

Nia wasn’t the first to arrive at the complex. Even as the sun had just begun to brighten the sky with its full hue, two other cars were parked in front of the large walls of the compound. The personal home of an athletic trainer for both men and women’s basketball, the wealth of the game was apparent. Curiously, the girls were told to enter through the back of the walled property, and as Nia approached the gate with her duffel bag in hand, a voice spoke through a mounted intercom.

“Name?”

“Nia Armstrong.”

The gate buzzed as it unlocked and let the basketball star in.

Quickly, it was clear why the girls were told to enter in the back. A sprawling property, the most obvious area was the large training field she stepped onto. Athletic equipment, training markers and other gym gear littered the area in an organized manner. A group of three girls and their coach were conversing in the center. Despite her early drive, Nia was the last to make it to the compound.

The first girl to greet her was her teammate Jena. The only foreigner of the group, she spoke with a slight Scandinavian accent. Nia had grown accustomed to her manner of speech as the two touched knuckles and gave a quick hug. The next girl was the shortest. The only one of the group besides the coach who was under six feet tall, Kendria was the most stout. Owing her build to her father, a famous football player, she often used her frame and upper body strength to her advantage. It more than made up for the few inches she was missing.

“Hey girl.” Nia addressed her “I’m still recovering from that shot you gave me.”

“Got you good, didn’t I?”

“No shame in losing to the champ. But we got you guys this year.”

“Really? A’ight. Bet!”

The two laughed, their mutual respect showing.

Jasmine, the last girl in the group gave Nia a weak wave. She was in another division, and the two had only faced each other once, a game in which Jasmine was injured in, and Nia didn’t know her very well. Dropping her bag, Nia took her spot next to Jena as the coach introduced herself.

It was Nia’s first time out to the invite-only compound. An exclusive day of training, she was prepared to take her game to heights it had not been to before. The group was silent as the coach explained their activities. Other than breaks for lunch, dinner, and the occasional rest period, the day was packed with drills, film study and skirmishes. They’d be working until the sun went down, before spending the night in a specially built bungalow.

After the round of introductions were given, the coach led the girls to the bungalow. A smaller building, it stood alone next to the modern mansion, with a view of the training field from its wide windows. Freshly cleaned, each of the athlete’s dropped their duffle bags on a bed of their choosing, and the coach gave them a few moments to settle in before the day started. She had just closed the door when Jasmine walked towards the bathroom, tucked in the back of the room. Kendria spoke up, her larger breasts accented by her tight athletic shirt.

“Jaz? Um…do you mind if I use it first?”

Jasmine nodded and stepped back from the door, allowing the larger frame of Kendria to enter. Jana and Nia filed in behind Jasmine, with Nia taking the rear of the line. Nia was about to speak, when the line quickly learned how thin the walls of the bathroom were.

In great detail, the three women heard the first drops of Kendria’s urine drip into the toilet water, and the ensuing torrent. The hiss from her body was matched only by the rushing sound of splashing water, as it was forced to accept the woman’s pee. Trying to dissipate the awkwardness between them, Nia spoke up.

“She wasn’t lying huh? She really did have to go first.”

“Yeah.” Jena responded “She was talking about the plane ride in here. Must have been a long flight.”

“Can we not talk about this?” Jasmine asked

Nia noticed Jasmine’s tapping foot. The line remained silent as they listened to the end of Kendria’s pee. The toilet flushed, and Jasmine quickly took her spot. Jena moved towards the door and Kendria took a spot behind Nia. Jena started a new conversation as the sound of Jasmine’s pee was heard through the wall.

“How’s the new deal coming along?”

“Not good. We’re not even close if I’m being honest. I think I might get traded.”

“Any idea where?” Nia asked

Kendria shook her head. “It’s all speculation. But I don’t think they want to pay me what I’m worth. Happened to my dad too when he was playing.”

The conversation quieted as the toilet flushed and Jasmine walked out. Jena took her place as Jasmine walked out of the bungalow for the first drill of the day. Nia and Kendira were the only ones left as a loud stream burst through the thin wall, an auditory example of the full bladder that Jena had been holding. Nia and Kendria continued to talk over the noise

“Are you going to sit out the season?”

“I might. If they don’t trade me.”

“Do you want out?”

Kendria shrugged “I’ll go to whoever pays me.”

The two were quiet for a moment while Jena’s loud pee continued to hiss into the toilet bowl.

“Plane ride was tough, huh?” Nia asked

“Ugh, yeah. I had to go as we landed and I had to make my rideshare. It’s just so awkward to ask for a break in the middle of a ride, you know?”

Nia nodded as the toilet flushed. Kendria continued

“Not gonna lie, I was dying this morning at the meeting.”

The two chuckled as Jena exited the bathroom. Nia finished the conversation “I went just before I got here.” She omitted the fact that it was a desperate end to a hold on the side of the road

Kendria shook her head as she and Jena made their way out of the bungalow. Nia didn’t have to go, but decided that it would be good to pee before leaving for the morning drills. As she made it to the toilet, Nia flung her shorts down to her ankles and faced the door. Bending slightly at the knees, she stood in a half squat over the toilet.

The hissing sound that erupted from her thighs filled the room quickly. Nia didn’t care much. If her time spent in locker rooms hadn’t desensitized her, her time with Mary-Ann and Karenna certainly had. Knowing it would be the last time her heart rate would be level and her body relaxed, she relished the feeling of an emptying bladder. As she swiftly finished her pee, she dried herself with a square of toilet paper and flushed. She washed her hands, dabbed her face with a touch of water, and was ready to dominate the day.

###

Nia worked to the hilt. She had little quit inside her as she finished each drill. During the groups film study, she was on top of every question, and proved it during the skirmish match. To keep up with the demands she put on her body, she had downed countless waters and sports drinks. Protein shakes and green juices were also enjoyed by the most dominate player that day. Most of it Nia ended up sweating out, but some was processed by her body and now sat inside her bladder. The feeling was numbed by the strain of the day’s activities.

“Jaz, I’m surprised we don’t have to drag you in here.” Nia commented as the group reached the bungalow

“I don’t get how you can still have any energy left.”

“I don’t!” Nia proclaimed as she flopped down on her bed

While the girls took the time to dress down, Kendria took a shower in the small bathroom, and Jasmine started to speak with Jena. Still sprawled out over her chosen bed, Nia discreetly changed into her nightwear. Slipping off her shorts, she would typically sleep without bottoms on, but in the company of other women, she attempted to retain some modesty. She replaced her shorts with a pair of olive green panties and flopped back down on the bed. Nia preened her white t-shirt and sunk into the bed without bothering to get under the covers.

Spending the next few moments on her phone while Jasmine and Jena conversed, Nia slowly lost consciousness. She wasn’t doing anything important other than resting, and her mind had decided to call it a night. She switched off her phone and tossed it onto her duffel bag, closing her eyes as she tried to relax.

Kendria turned off the shower. Nia heard that. Jasmine and Jena laughed at some joke between them. She heard that. Nia felt a heavy weight in her abdomen. She wondered if she had to pee. If she did, it couldn’t have been all that bad. Nia had another disjointed thought before sleep took her tired body.

Nia’s bladder yelled and screamed at her muscles. It was full, dangerously so, and demanded to be set free. But the basketball star’s strong muscles were locked in place. Nia hadn’t wet her bed before in her life, and her body desperately tried to wake her. The rapid consumption of drinks throughout the afternoon had not been expelled and needed to be released. Angry, her bladder tried to negotiate a respite with its captors. Still, Nia’s muscles held on. But they wouldn’t hold forever.

Her body tried to wake her. To warn her of the impending danger and doom of her full bladder, but the fatigue from her complete exertion had set in. Her leg, arm and core muscles needed attention and repair, and her brain needed sleep for that. Isolated and alone, her tight bladder muscles began to crack under the pressure of her demanding bladder. The first warning. A dribble. Not enough to wet her panties, but enough to escape the fleshy confines of her pussy and travel down her hairy labia. Her muscles countered and clenched harder. Again they begged her brain to wake their master, but to no avail.

Nia hadn’t been asleep for more than a quarter hour before the distress had set in. Jasmine and Jena still talked, and Kendria played on her phone, her bed next to Nia’s. None of them noticed as Nia’s overworked muscles again leaked. This time, a spot, not more than the size of a dime, appeared on the crotch of her panties. The olive green turning a darker shade, if only briefly.

Jasmine got up to shower, unaware of Nia’s distress, as they all were. None of them noticed the small wet patch on the crotch of her panties. As Jasmine turned on the shower, the sudden sound of rushing water forced her muscles to relax again. This time, her bladder took the opportunity. A gentle flow without the aid of her wakeful body, a light stream of piss splashed against the inside of her panties. Still quiet, none of the other girls noticed Nia’s panties darken completely. The red sheets she was sleeping on top of began to darken as more hot piss leaked out of her. Then it stopped. She had never wet her bed before, and her body wasn’t going to let her down now. With one final plea, her muscles tightened again, cutting off her flow of piss. Now, Nia was noticeably wet.

Her body was able to wait. Hopefully, as Jasmine finally turned off the shower, Nia would awaken and dash into the restroom with minimal damage. However, this proved less and less likely as Jasmine took time to finish drying and settling in for the night, Nia’s bladder again was filled. Now with little ability to resist the pounding of a stretched and tired bladder, Nia’s muscles again put up one final resistance. A doomed effort, the small leak quickly turned into a hiss. A spray of piss finally broke through, crushing the last defense her body could put up against itself. The small hiss of a pressurized bladder quickly filled the room. For the first time in her adult life, Nia was wetting the bed.

Kendria looked at Jena. Jena looked back at Kendria. Neither of them could pinpoint the sound. Confused, Jena shrugged, she was sure it was nothing. Jasmine finally opened the bathroom door, and gasped. Her mouth agape, she pointed at the sleeping Nia.

“OH. MY. GOSH”

“What?” Jena looked up again

“Is. Is she…pissing herself?”

Jena looked over at Nia. Her panties were soaked, as a clear liquid rushed through them. They were thoroughly saturated, the fabric was overrun with her pee. The red sheets had a wide, dark patch that was suddenly visible to the other three girls as it began to expand under the slumbering Nia.

Jena laughed so hard she snorted “She’s totally wetting the bed!”

Jasmine snickered “Yooo! That’s so gross! She’s peeing!”

Kendria said nothing and put her head down, not wanting to mock someone she had respect for. Jena, Nia’s teammate, continued to comment through her laughter

“Look, there’s a puddle! It’s huge!” She pointed to the pool between Nia’s spread legs.

The liquid rippled and jostled as Nia continued to piss into it.

“She’s still going!” Jasmine howled with laughter

“Guys, maybe we should wake her up?” Kendria asked

“No way! I’m getting a picture!” Jena grabbed her phone and walked up to Nia

The group heard the snap and the click as she took photo after photo.

“Jaz, look, look! It’s running up her shirt!” Jena pointed to Nia’s t-shirt, its back now soaked in her piss

“Ew! Ew! How is she still peeing?” Jasmine flapped her hands and jumped in place

Jena snapped more pictures as she howled with laughter. Jasmine sat on the floor, guffawing. Kendria felt bad for Nia, asking

“Maybe something’s wrong. We should get coach.”

“Yeah! Tell that Nia Armstrong just wet her fucking bed!” Jasmine laughed

“I’ll get coach.” Jena offered “Let me send this to our power forward though. Nia just pissed her bed!”

With that she left the bungalow as Jasmine tried to control her laughter. Kendria reached over and lightly began to poke Nia.

Nia wasn’t sure what the sensation that she felt was. A light tapping on the shoulder. A warm, moist sensation between her legs. Wet panties. She thought she was sick. She must have broken into a sweat. Squeezing her eyes tight, she readied them for the bright light of the bungalow. Kendria was poking her, and Jasmine was laying against a wall, mouth covered by her hands. Kendria spoke softly

“Nia. You…you’ve had an accident.”

“What? Am I ok? What happened?” Nia was still disoriented

“You um…you peed. You peed the bed.” Kendria still spoke gently

Jasmine snickered as Nia sprung up

“No! What?”

Kendria let Nia discover for herself. She sat in a warm, moist puddle. The sheets were soaked, drenched through. Her panties were wet, she had felt that before. As her grogginess dissipated, the reality of the situation sank in.

“How…what?”

“Because you forgot to piss, that’s what!” Jasmine laughed again “What are you, like five?”

Angry at herself, Nia decided to take it out on Jasmine. Scooping up a small amount of piss into her hand, she flung it at the other woman

“Fuck you! Don’t you fucking make fun of me unless you want a problem!”

Jasmine stopped laughing. Her mouth open. She blinked, processing what just happened. Her shirt had spots and drops of Nia’s pee.

“Did you just fucking throw piss at me?”

“What are you going to do about it?”

The door to the bungalow opened, coach and Jena entered. The coach quickly taking control of the situation

“Nia. What happened?”

“I…I…”

“She pissed her bed like a little girl! That’s what happened!” Jena laughed

Nia put her head down. She had never been so ashamed. She wanted to fight. She was angry. Anyone, everyone, she wanted to hit them. She said nothing. Trying to keep her anger in check.

“Put her in training pants. She can’t handle big girl panties.” Jasmine quipped as she stood and made her way to the bathroom

In a rage, Nia leapt up from her pee-stained bed and lunged at Jasmine. Her fist just inches away from the girls head as she was held back. Kendria and coach held her.

“Hey! Hey! Hey! Don’t do this. Not here.” Kendria pleaded

“C’mon Nia. Get your things. I have a couch you can sleep on.” Coach added

“Make sure you protect that first, Coach!” Jena added.

Nia gave her a cold stare. Jena gave her a half smile, venom and condescension behind it.

The walk to the large home was a quiet one. Neither coach nor Nia knew what to say. Neither wanted to say much at all. The couch was situated in an office next to the half-size indoor gym. Other than a desk, it was the only piece of furniture in the room. Coach left Nia to her new accommodations without a word, and Nia tossed her soaked and sodden panties into her duffle bag. She didn’t have another shirt, and was forced to keep her t-shirt on, despite the pee drenched back. Nia laid down. And stayed awake.

An hour had passed. It was late, and Nia was still up. Embarrassed, ashamed, worried about her reputation among the other players, her mind wouldn’t let her sleep. Standing up from the couch, she walked into the half gym. Finding a basketball, she began to shoot some hoops alone.

It didn’t take to long for the door to open. Assuming it was the coach, Nia was surprised when Kendria poked her head in.

“I could use some practice if you have room.”

Nia motioned for her to come in. The two were quiet for a while as they took turns shooting. Nia broke the silence first.

“Thanks for…you know…not making fun of me.”

“Don’t mention it. Never kick someone while they’re down, right?”

Nia nodded “And I’m sorry for acting out.” Her shot swished into the net

“I respect it better than if you just sat there and took it.” Kendria responded with her own shot, it too swished into the net. “Or worse. Started crying.”

“Girl. I almost did, can’t lie.”

Kendria chuckled and Nia smiled, happy to have someone on her side. The two shot for a while, not saying much. Kendria broke the silence this time

“I kinda know what it’s like though. Could have been me this morning.”

“Yeah?”

“Yeah. Like when coach lined us all up this morning. I don’t think anyone noticed.” Kendria missed her shot, she ran over to retrieve the ball and continued “But it starting coming out. Like more than just a little.” She made a squish figure with her fingers “Like enough to show up on these.” She rubbed her black basketball shorts

“If Jasmine didn’t let me go first, I don’t think I would have made it.” She tossed the ball back to Nia

“She’s a bitch.” Nia wouldn’t have normally used that kind of language but this was a special occasion

“She’s got a lot of attitude for someone who isn’t that good!” Kendria agreed “You ‘ight girl?”

Nia nodded and gave a smile “Better.”

Kendria smiled back “Good. I’ll see you around!”

Nia continued to shoot by herself for a while, her thoughts slightly quelled.

###

The next morning was awkward to say the least. The only one Nia talked to was Kendria. At least they group only had breakfast together before parting. Now free again, Nia took the road back. Needing encouragement, she called Drew.

The phone rang just a few times before he picked up.

“Hey Babe, you done already.”

“Yeah. Horrible experience though.”

“Horrible, why?”

“I don’t know. You have the time?”

“I’ll make time. What’s up? You need to talk?”

“Yeah. Listen. Honey. I…” Nia let her voice trail off.

Drew was patient. Though anxious for her reveal, years of sales and pressurized business deals restrained him.

“I…I pissed my bed.” Nia said quickly “Last night.”

Silence. Nia hoped Drew wouldn’t laugh, or worse yet, take it as a joke. When he did speak, his voice was softer, worried, yet calm.

“You ok?”

“No. Fucking embarrassed.”

“I’ll say. You never talk like that.”

“I never wet the bed either!”

“What happened?”

“I don’t know. I fell asleep. Woke up. Piss puddle everywhere.”

“Did anyone notice?”

“Notice? They laughed!”

“Oh no! Honey!”

“I just…I need to know that you’ll be home tonight. I-I want to cry.”

“I’m glad you called. Admitting something like this isn’t easy.”

“Crying or pissing in my bed?”

“Both.”

Silence between the married couple. Nia looked forward to spending time with Drew that evening. But her thoughts of a somber evening were quickly dashed when he made a comment

“What…what were you wearing?”

“Um…panties and a t-shirt. Why?”

“Oh. I was just…you know…curious…What…um…what did you do with them.”

“I kept them. Why, you want ‘em?”

“No! No! Nothing like that! I was just…curious. Not ah…not an everyday thing that your wife calls and…and tells you this.”

“Hmmm…why, is that your thing?”

“No! No, I never said that!”

“You don’t like pee panties? C’mon Drew, I know you’re hiding something!”

“Honest! I was just curious!”

“Suuurrreee…I’ll be sure to give ‘em to you when I get back. Just let me cry first.”

“I don’t want them! Look. I’ll be here, but I-I have…lots…lots! Of work to…um…to do…so…”

“Love you!”

Drew responded in kind and hung up the phone. Nia felt even better than before. She knew her husband, certainly well enough to know when he was keeping something close to the vest. Maybe her time with the girls had given her and her husband a new avenue to explore. With a long road ahead, Nia decided to give Karenna a call. She’d sure like to hear Nia’s embarrassing story.

A/N: How did Nia hold up in her first solo story? While writing her, I felt that she was similar in some ways to Mary-Ann, but still somewhat unique. I think she's more prone to emotion for sure, and I'm not so sure that its a bad thing. Do you think she could hold her own if she got her own series? Further more, did you like, or dislike the embarrassment aspect of this interlude? It's really our first foray into it since 3.2, so if it's too cartoony or over the top, let me know. Or if it hit just right. Lastly, I have the next interlude planned out, but if you want to suggest one for the 3rd spot, let me know as well!

*198*2022-03-21 14:51

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

While I still enjoyed this chapter, I think the embarrassment was too much. They behaved like freshmen high schoolers and I would expect professional basketball players to have more maturity than that, even if they make fun of one of their colleagues peeing the bed. I think the jokes were fine, there were just too many of them. I think it would be better if you halved the amount of jokes

}}

That’s good to note, I still trying to find a balance with the embarrassment aspect, so this is all good stuff. Was this better or worse than Sarah’s reaction?

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

The idea is that the player(s) aren't allowed to go to the toilet, but they can wet their pants all they want. The catch is that they can't get the floor wet. So the strategy is to pee in their pants a bit and wait for it to dry before they pee again. Then they try to see how long they can go without wetting the floor.

}}

Interesting concept! Don’t know where to put it yet but I like the idea!

