Desperate in Etiquette Class

Author: Kasey

*000*2024-02-01 02:57

Cassie chewed the top of her pen while bouncing her left leg incessantly. The professor was droning on about something…

Cassie’s parents were very comfortable. Wanting the best for their daughter, they sent her to a renowned college that used to be a finishing school for fine young ladies. The school still had mandatory classes such as speech, culinary arts, ballroom dance, and of course, Cassie’s least favorite: Etiquette. Cassie’s legs were both bouncing at this point, and she began to nervously tug at her hair. She knew it was no use to ask. Etiquette was right after lunch, and Professor Hayes wasn’t known for being understanding. It was a 2 ½ hour class, and Cassie had at least an hour left. She tried to concentrate.

“Psst!” Cassie raised her head. “Are you ok?” asked Cassie’s friend Lara. Cassie just gave her a little shrug and crossed one ankle over the other. It was clear to Lara that Cassie was desperate to piss. She watched Cassie’s body become more still to avoid uncomfortable bladder sloshing. Lara’s eyes lingered on her friend and she felt an intense, anxious heat rise inside her. She’d never looked at anyone with such hunger before.

“Pssssssst…” Lara whispered, “I know how you feel. I had to go so bad last week in Daskov’s class. I had sooo much coffee and it went right to my bladder. All my thoughts were about getting to the bathroom and taking a piss, so I could finally stop the stretching, sloshing, clenching--”

Shut the fuck up Lara! Cassie thought, but tried to play it cool with a light chuckle. If there’s anyone she didn’t want to upset, it was Lara. They had been friends since childhood. Lara had a little dirt on Cassie, and grew up to have quite the mean streak. Cassie continued to focus on class as Lara taunted her. “Don’t think about it too much, Cass. Don’t focus on the pressure. Don’t give into the waves of desperation. Don't think about how badly you want to let it go."

Cassie finally gave in and sat on the heel of her foot. Professor Hayes noticed immediately.

“Young lady, do you consider that to be a proper way to sit during class?” she posed.

“Um, no, I’m sorry. I just-- I really need to go to the bathroom right now.”

“Cassandra you know that I don’t allow--”

“Please! Please, it's an emergency!!” Cassie shoved both hands against her crotch and wriggled desperately, to the entire class’s amusement. The professor groaned and told Cassie to come down in front of everyone. Cassie gently waddled and danced to the front of the class.

“Class, we have our very own etiquette demonstration today. Cassandra had plenty of time to use the restroom before class, but she chose not to. Most of you will soon find yourselves at tea or dinner with established gentlemen, where you can’t just run off to the potty whenever you have the urge!” Professor Hayes explained.

Cassie burned with shame. The humiliation in front of her classmates combined with the constant bladder spasms was really starting to get to her.

“Cassandra, will you stop fidgeting? Remember your posture. Stand up straight, graceful, chin up…” Hayes tilted Cassie’s chin up with her ruler. “Now class, take notes…”

*003*2024-02-02 02:42

Aw, thank you @Pain

! I need to second guess less and write more haha

Thanks @desplover69

, I intend on continuing but a little encouragement never hurts!

*007*2024-02-04 02:53

@Heloctre

I'm a big fan of academic settings in my omorashi too

@Rexone_312

Thank you! Hot off the presses!

@univgirlkelsie

Haha no I'm definitely more of a Professor Hayes

“I don’t take kindly to being interrupted, particularly in Etiquette.” Professor Hayes continued, “To make up for Cassandra’s disruption, she’ll happily volunteer to stand in as a visual aid.” Cassie’s cheeks burned. She slowly shifted her thighs and began to slightly bend at the waist. THWACK!! “Posture!” Hayes instructed as she slapped the ruler across her desk. “Next time it’ll be your rear.” Cassie shot straight up and clenched her thighs tightly. She had a little shock as her bladder was jolted and a tiny spurt made it down through her piss hole. It stung like hell. “Now everyone, this is what happens when you don’t take care of your needs ahead of class.” Professor Hayes lowered Cassie’s skirt and folded up her blouse to expose her bulging bladder. The class whispered amongst themselves. This was an eccentric teaching method, even for Hayes.

“Do you see that?” she asked the class, gesturing toward Cassie’s bursting bladder, “All that accumulating piss has made our volunteer here very desperate. Unfortunately we can’t just leave an event to go potty.” Cassie felt a spasm run through her bladder and instinctively grabbed her crotch to stave off the flood. Suddenly, she felt a hot stinging pain on her hands that forced her to let go. It was Professor Hayes’ ruler. “That’s absolutely unacceptable!” she spat. “Sit down!” she instructed, pulling out a chair for Cassie as dragging it to the center of the room. “Hands under your bottom!” Cassie felt the compression on her bladder as she complied with her professor’s demands. She exhaled methodically as she shifted to find the least awful position.

“You may tuck one ankle under the other, but you may not cross your legs,” Hayes explained, “Now squeeze your inner thigh muscles to hold your bladder!” Cassie's eyes welled with tears as a second spasm ran through her bladder. She jumped in her seat a little and gripped the both sides of her chair to keep from squeezing her crotch. She felt a tiny trickle escape, but get safely soaked up by her cotton panties. She squeezed her thighs with all her might before tucking her hands back under her seat. “Well done, Cassie! See class? You can always engage in self-discipline. It’s a matter of choosing it.”

Professor Hayes continued on for a bit about the importance of self-discipline, but Cassie could barely pay attention with her bursting bladder. Cassie began to get goosebumps down her arms and legs. Uh oh. She’d been here before, and she knew her body was serious this time. If she could just get her attention before--

“Professor!!” Cassie yelled as the third spasm rocked her body and Cassie released a decent sized spurt.

“Oh no, god no!” Cassie pleaded with herself. She buried her face in shame as the wet spot became more apparent on the front of her pleated gray skirt. Parts of the class snickered while some felt bad for the girl.

"I’m finished with your interruptions, Cassandra.” Professor Hayes stated as she pulled out a yardstick from her desk in place of her ruler.

“Palms flat on my desk. Bend over with your bottom to the class.” Cassie shuffled and squeezed as she tried to complete the task. Hayes tossed up Cassie’s skirt, revealing her white cotton panties, and all the piss she was hiding. Cassie’s wet, squirming ass was on display for her entire cohort.

“Count for me, dear.” THWACK!!

“O--ONE!!” Cassie yelped. Her bladder gave way again and there was nothing to plug the flow. What if she-- THWACK!! Another jolt to her bladder.

“TWO!!” Cassie cried. “Please Professor--” THWACK!!

“THREE--EE!!” Cassie hiccuped like she was having a tantrum. The floodgates finally burst. Her piss flowed as freely as her tears. THWACK!!

“FOUR!” The relief came with a catch. As she sobered up, she realized she was letting a roaring waterfall of piss go in front of her entire class. Her thighs were covered in a golden glisten, and her ass was visible to a quarter of the student body. THWACK!!

“FIVE!” Cassie crumpled and hid her face on the desk. Hayes slowly walked over to the girl and placed a reassuring hand on her back. She began to rub Cassie’s back to comfort her.

“You did so well today, Cassandra. I knew you had it in you.” She paused and smiled sweetly, “I might just ask you to volunteer for a couple more of my classes.”

