Treya's Potion

Author: Kindralor

*000*2024-04-08 15:33

She'd finally found it, the elixir of her dreams!

Treya had spent the last 6 months researching and testing a potent potion, which, when ingested, would constantly create liquid in the drinker’s bladder.

As she held the vial in her hand, the light glistening off the blue liquid inside, she shuddered involuntarily, imagining already the ecstasy she would feel after drinking it.

She was wearing her labcoat, unbuttoned revealing a neat white shirt and a grey pleated skirt underneath. The shirt molded itself around her petite upper body, forming around her chest and exposing the hint of a pair of nipples underneath. Her skirt, barely coming halfway down her thighs, matched the colour of her grey and black striped thigh-highs.

Treya looked down at her outfit and considered for a moment… Yes, this would do perfectly for her first personal test. Everything was as it should be.

She pulled the stopper out of the vial, tilted back her head, sending her mock of curly red hair tumbling, and downed the potion in one swig.

As she pulled back upright, she froze and tried to sense what her body was feeling… Nothing… A minute passed… Two… It seemed this test had ended in failure after all.

She placed the vial back on the worktop, and had just turned to leave her laboratory when the first wave hit her. It was slight, almost imperceptible, a tiny sensation from her bladder as if to simply suggest she could pee.

She smiled, a wave of warmth washing over her from head to toe as she could feel herself getting horny. A hand which had been clasped up near her face lightly cupped her breast and slid it's way down over her tummy, pausing to apply a slight pressure. Another wave hit her as she did this, pushing back against her touch, and Treya yelped in surprise as a much stronger urge to pee flooded her mind. Her hand quickly darted between her legs, pushing her skirt aside and holding herself through her lilac panties.

They were slightly damp already, though whether it was due to her brief loss of control or simply a sign of how turned on she was, Treya had no idea. The wave passed, and she took a moment to caress herself through the fabric, moaning quietly as she did so.

Her other hand made its way across her chest, and started to slowly maneuver the buttons of her shirt, starting from her collar and working down the middle of her shirt. Halfway down she moaned again, pressing her knees together as the pressure on her bladder grew.

The pressure was increasing faster than her simulations, she thought, as she relaxed once more. She finished fiddling with the last button of her shirt, and looked down, staring at the thin strip of her naked body, exposing her slightly bulging midriff, and the sides of her pert breasts. She sighed as she fingered herself lightly again, her panties now slick. She brought her other hand back up, pushing her shirt aside, and cupped her breast, feeling the weight of it and teasing her nipple between thumb and forefinger.

The pressure was more constant now, urging her to let go, but Treya wanted to hold out for as long as she could. She enjoyed the feeling of desperation building below her tummy. She lent back against the wall, and spread her legs slightly, decreasing her ability to hold back.

She moaned again as another wave of ecstasy washed over her, and she almost gave in. Her muscles relaxed for the mere slightest instant before she regained control. A spurt of warm liquid passed through her fingers as her panties dampened further. She could feel a dribble making its way down her inner-thigh, until it reached the top of her socks. It felt so good.

It was becoming too much now, the heat in her midriff buildings as her bladder continued to fill past its normal capacity. She was crying out with every small movement her body made now, swaying her hips back and forth as she tried to hold back the inevitable. Her mind was going numb. All she could think about was the relief she would feel if she just… let… go…

Her fingers were rubbing faster and faster through her panties, when a new feeling took over. She moaned loudly as she came, feeling the orgasm pass through her body… and lost control.

Hot pee began streaming through Treya's panties, over her fingers, down her legs, and onto the floor. She gasped as she realised she was now pissing herself, an unending torrent of liquid rushing out her bladder. She slid her soaking panties to the side with one hand, and felt the stream hit her other hand as her body expelled her piss onto the floor. Her arousal grew once more, and she moved her hand back to her now exposed pussy, fondling its hood in small circles.

She came again, losing strength in her knees from the sensation, and slid down the wall until she was sitting in the growing puddle of her own urine. Her stream hadn't relented in the slightest, pee continuing to rush out unabated. She could feel it soaking into her socks and skirt, warming the back of her legs and her butt.

It felt better than she could possibly have imagined, as she danced the edge between ecstasy and bliss, almost blacking out from the overwhelming nature of it all. She lost count of the number of times she had cum now, orgasm bleeding into orgasm, all the while peeing everywhere.

Eventually, minutes, hours later, Treya couldn't tell, the pressure began to drop, and what had been a waterfall slowly became a trickle. With the end near she slid her finger inside her pussy for one last ecstatic moment, enjoying the intimate feeling of her pee lightly running over her hand as she slowly edged herself into one final orgasm. It was the most sensual one yet, as it built up and she came expelling the last hot spurts from her pussy.

She collapsed sideways and rolled onto her back, till she was lying in a pool of her own warm pee. I need to share this with others…

