Letting my new GF watch me desperately Pee in a Porta Potty

Author: KateWalsh

*000*2025-03-07 19:17

I just started seeing a pretty, 20 something blonde who also loves pee play and desperation.

I personally have an enormous bladder and am proud of how much I can hold. My girlfriend claire definitely has a sizable tank on her also from what she has tolf me. We had not enagaged in any sexy acts yet. But she is about to spend the night at my house in the country. There actually happens to be an expansive and open park nearby with a newly placed porta potty. Which comes i handy because it just so happens we are doing a renovation and the water will be shut off sonetime in the late evening. or early morning hours

“Dont worry I reassured Claire, I’m sure we’ll be sleeping right through that window of time, we can just go before and after”.

“You’re right she said, and my bladder is pretty strong even if its full I should be ok holding for awhile”.

“Exactly”, I responded smiling.

That evening Claire and I downed a few glasses of wine, 2 bottles of water, and soda each. Needless to say we both needed a potty break before bed.

So it came time for bed and i was so excited to watch my new girlfriend release her pent up weewee from her light blonde trimmed but hairy pussy. And I was equally excited to empty out my bladder. I was really full acutally.

Finally the urge started to really hit me and I started walking around the living room, potty dancing. Claire watrched as i bounced around very clearly trying to keep my urine in. “Ouuuhh I have to pee, oh god I’m dying to go peepee” I cried while dancing from side to side, bending over and now putting a hand or 2 on my crotch.

“Ohh baby I feel the pee trying to come. I’m gonna wet my pants if I dont go soon——I realized in that moment I didnt have to wait until the morning to invite claie into the porta potty at the park with me. It was a cold dreary day and a felt a couple of leaks already came out but since it was raining and quiet outside I didbt wanna miss my chance.

“Claire honey, dont think I’m crazy but need you to run down the block with me right now so I can get to the porta potty before all this ends up in my pants!!”

With that we bolted down the street, our hands holding each of our crotches tightly, I squuezed back my flood as I ran though I felt little trickle start coming out

“Ohhhhh god its starting to come out in my pant..ohhhhhhh I need to gooooooo” I pleaded as I felt the pee trickle down my ass and into my panties”.

I looked at claire and she looked mortified on my behalf, her face was blushing as she said “I have to go really bad but watching you almost having an accident is turnig me on and helping me to hols”, claire admitted.

Finally as we reached the plastic box Claire took one hand off her vagina and used it to open up the plastic door to the private little potty. The potty was basic but It was like a little makehift restroom in there. A big plastic bench like seat with a soft sqishy seat obvioulsy surroubding the bowl that had a big deep bottom. As I stepped in I felt the pee coming harder I was wetting my pants a little but didnt care because I had made it!

I yanked my jeans and panties off completely plopped on the cusshy bowl seat, spread my legs as wide as I could so my girlfriend got a could view, and I absoluetely exploded! “AHHHHHHHHHHH GOD THAT FEELS GOOD”, I yelled as I watched my spread-eagle pussy hiss out huge gushes of piss and heard the loud patter of my pouriing urine hit not only the peepee that was in the bowl from others.

Claire was mezmorized as we listened and wacthed my big loud pee give me enornous relief. “Patter, patter patter”, went the pee at the botton of the plastic recpetacle.

Claire was holding herself tight as ever and dancing to both pleasure herself and keep the pee in!

She chimed in with “wow you really werent kidding about needed to go, I can’t believe Im right here watching you make a tinkly mess”! Hearing her say that made my urge even stronger “OOHHHHHH”, I moaned loudly as I pushed out a giant gush. “I’m so glad I’m finally getting this out of me, there’s so much"

Claire and I locked eyes in the midst of my torrrential plight, she smiiled but I quickly caught her staring at my hairy snatch which still had a gushing stream coming out of it. Our eyes met again and I grew red with embarassment as my brand new girlfriend stoof baffled by the urine exiting my hole and the accompanying “ooohhhs and ahhhhs of relief” I was singing in sweet relief. I became self concious of my oversized bladder and messy piss and started to clench my muscles to slow the flow to a gentle tinkle.

“Sorry”, i noted mortified. “I didnt realize how badly I needed to go……I um….know I go a lot, I’m sorry”, I confessed with a thin tinkling stream still flowing out of our parted lips that was starting to taper off”.

My new girlfriend interjected, “NO NO NO dont you dare apologize for giving yourself the relief you need”. Claire looked at my suspisiously continuting, “if anything I should apologize for making you feel as though I would ever judge your private potty habits. We all go, and some of us go ALOT”! Claire offereed reassuringly as she patted me on the back.

Claire looked at my hairy mound and obvious bladder bulge, and looked back up at me quizically.

“You still have to go dont you”? she inquired. “You werent actually done---you stopped your stream and purposefully held it all back because you were embarrassed I’d judge you for still going”. C. observed.

Well she was dead on. In fact I still felt so full and it was getting harder to hold it in with my exposed puussy atop a toilet bowl.

As my new partner said everything she could to take away any of my embarrassment I felt at ease, and immediately relaxed, "Drip. drip drip, tinkle”. We heard as I felt little drops began to escape my cooch. Even though my vagina mucles were still “holding in” my body knew i was on a potty and it needed to come out.

“You’re 1000% right” I responded to Claire who was now smiling, gazing at my leaking pussy. “I was NOT AT ALL DONE GOING!!”. OWWW I’m still holdiing it in”. She said amidst near constant little “tinkle tinkles”

Clare looked at me in disbelief “Well obviously its coming out on its own so please for the love of God just let it all go”. And with that I unclenched my vaginal muscles and “UGHHHHHH” there it was the warm gushing piss hitting that porta potty with a loud pattering that was so strong it sounded like “THUD THUD THUD” Claire was mezmerized by the sight of me gushing fully unihibited as I threw my head back moaning in relief.

“That’s it baby you just let that all go, every last drop. “AHHH UGGGGHH”, I responded as I coninued to empty out per her instructions

Suddenly now remembering her own predicament and firecly grabbing her crotch, Claire continued her coaching while swaying back and forth, giggling around and peepee dancing a much as she could in the confined space.

At this point my stream was steady and strong but way tamer and was starting to feel much better. “UGH THANK GOD U MADE ME FINISH I STILL HAD SO MUCH”. I moaned still tinkling

“Agh I khew you were super full”, claire whimpered shuffling about. In that instant as I pushed out my final trickles It dawned on me that Claire was desperatelt trying not to wet herself while I finish”. My tinkling stopped for a little bit but the problem was it came back. I put a hand on the top of my pussy and pushed on my bladder. I still felt more pee in there as I tinkled on and off.

“OHH honey I know I said to take your time and finish but how much more do you have left because ooouuuuuhhh, mines about to leak in my pants”. she cried.

“OH NO, okay okay im done its ok”, I said as i pushed really hard to force out the last couples spurts of pee. “AAHH GOD” I pulled my panties and pants up as i sighed finally so releiced and jumped off so claire could hop on,

Claire quicklu took her hands out of her crotch, potty danced, crossing her legs frantically as she tried to get her pants and panties down, but “AAHH” she yelped as a stream of pee escaped .

“Here let me help you sweetie I said caringly as I reached my left hand tighly on her pussy to help er hold it, and put my right hand around her waistband to yank it down her jeans”. My hand felt wet from the spurts that came out and I felt the wetbess of another one trickling through as I yanked her undies and pants and plopped her on the toilet, a loud hissing sound and unmistakable “UUUHHHHHHHHHH” of relief as I now watched her poor, overfilled bladder release hard into the porta potty. There was a heavy splashing as it hit the resevior of pee below and “THUMP THUMP THUMP” went the heavy patter of Claire’s pent up peeps. Now it was my turned to be mesmerized by the women sprayng an emergency pee out of her chubby blonde pussy. Claire was in heaven and stared down at her pussy, admiring the relief it was finally getting. “Wow I’m making a mess. I was much more full than i thought…AAHHH”. she offered with a sigh.

“Aw well you see it looks like we both underestinated how much each of us needed to go” I said grinning as we both stared at her pussy releasing noidy stremas of peepee doeb into the plastic potty”. :THUD THUD, TINKLE TINKLE”. Her pussy is still sprayibg thick, messy gushes . “OUUUUUUHH…..AHHHH…..OH MY GOD”.

“Good girl, that’s it keep on getting it all out”.

She pushed hard and a big thick hissing gush pattered hard into the potty. “AAHHH”, She strains her face and pushes out another thick gush, and so on and so forth till the last drop gets pushed out.

“AHHHH, WHAT A RELIEF” she cries finally free from held-in urine. My girlfriend takes a breath, begins to get up and pull her pants up when suddenly I offer a objection.

“WAIT CLAIRE, dont get up just yet”! She obediantly plops back down perplexed. “Whats wrong”? she asks.

“Nothing, its just that….well when Im doing a REALLY desperate pee I like to stay on the bowl for a few minutes after I stop just to make sure I’m totally done, maybe u should try it since you held so much” I suggested,

“Good idea”, Claire agreed as she waited patiently on the bowl, We chatted for about 2 or 3 minutes, and I realized I may have been wrong, perhaps she is done after all. Just as I stoof up and gathered our belongings I heard “TINKLE TINKLE TINKLE” and a soft sigh as another stream of pee tinkled out of Claire. She pushed and more pattering sounds filled the plastic basin. I smiled and gave my gf that knowing look, “looks like you also still had more and didnt realize” I noted as she pushed her final trickles.

“Oh man you were right, had to get that last round out but now I finally feel nice and empty" she said panting

“I have a feeling we will make agood potty team”, I told Claire with a wink.

Suddenly my eyes opened.

