Tampa to New York

Author: Kayn

*000*2022-08-19 01:35

Back with another story for you guys. This one will also be in parts, so keep an eye out in the coming days.

As always, enjoy!

Tampa to New York

Part 1

I’ve never been a fan of air travel. But then again, who is? Spending hours cramped together in a compartment full of people is hardly anyone’s idea of fun. I had no reason to believe that today would be any different, so as I made my way through the airport towards the gate to board my flight, I was bracing myself for the miserable few hours ahead. But little did I know of the exciting events that were about to unfold on this journey.

I was on my way back to New York from Tampa, where I had arrived four days prior to attend a business conference which had stretched across the past few days. The conference itself had been nothing of note, consisting merely of countless boring meetings and many pointless meet-and-greets with people I would likely never see again. But as one of the regional managers of the New York branch, I, Amy Winston, had to make a good impression, so for the past four days, I had smiled and shook hands, talked and rubbed elbows.

Today had been the final day, with a few group activities sprinkled in the morning along with one final meeting with everyone which had started at noon. It was only supposed to last one hour, which would’ve given me plenty of time to head over to the airport for my 3PM flight back to New York. But of course, the non-stop speeches from all the company executives had dragged the meeting well past its scheduled end point, and it was two hours past noon by the time we were set free at last.

Left with only one hour to catch my flight, I’d had to rush back to my hotel to gather my things before hurrying back out to catch a cab to the Tampa International Airport. I was already stressed enough at the possibility of missing my plane, but to make things even worse, I was dying to use the toilet. Due to the hectic event-filled schedule, I’d had no opportunity to excuse myself to the ladies’ room, and with all the copious amounts of coffee and tea I had consumed, my bladder was full to bursting as I made my way to the airport. Finding a bathroom became my highest priority as I sat anxiously in the back seat of the taxi, squirming within the confines of my black business suit and tight skirt.

When I finally arrived at the airport, I looked around for any sign of the restrooms, but none were to be found anywhere near the entrance. With just twenty minutes left to get to my flight, I realized I’d have no time to go looking for one, so I gritted my teeth as I hurried to get checked in and drop off my luggage.

Of course, the check-in line was longer than ever, and the employees were taking their sweet time with each person. I waited impatiently, getting increasingly nervous as the clock ticked on closer to my flight departure time. My full bladder wasn’t making the wait any easier. It was impossible to stand still as the security agents patted me down. Somehow, I made it without making a total fool of myself, and I was finally free to hurry off towards my gate, and just in time, too; the plane was due to leave in ten minutes. It seemed there would be just enough time to use the airport restroom before boarding.

I walked quickly down the corridor towards my gate, eager to get to a toilet so that I could finally relieve the pressure that I’d been enduring for the past few hours. Once I got close, I saw that boarding had begun; a long line stretched out past the gate as people slowly made their way onto the plane. Given the size of the crowd, I would have plenty of time to use the bathroom and come back. Even better, it took me no time at all to spot the restrooms located just twenty feet away to my right. I strode towards the ladies’ room, still walking quickly because my bladder was now painfully full, and I didn’t want to endure it any longer.

My happiness of finding a bathroom were very short lived, however. I approached the bathroom, only to find out it had been closed for cleaning. I even pushed on the door out of a faint hope it might be unlocked, but was met with stubborn resistance, much to my frustration. I glared at the “Sorry for the inconvenience” scribbled on the note taped to the door, not feeling particularly forgiving. Of all the times, of course they had to clean it now. There were no other bathrooms nearby, and with the line to the plane starting to wind down, I didn’t want to risk walking too far off to look for one. With no other choice, I headed back to the gate where I joined the back of the line, gritting my teeth as I tried not to dance in place out of desperation. God, I had to pee. I’d just have to hold on until I got on the plane.

*002*2022-08-22 19:46

Part 2

@@It seemed that I wasn’t the only one in this predicament. Not even a minute after I’d joined the line, I saw a young woman hurrying down the hall towards the gate, her heels clicking urgently on the tiled white floor as she walked with great haste. Just like I had two minutes ago, she saw the bathroom doors and immediately rushed towards them, her face flustered and tense. But of course, she too was stopped in her tracks by the locked door. As she stepped back, I saw a pained grimace appear on her face and her knees bent slightly as she bobbed in place. Clearly, she was in a great need! My interest was piqued, and I continued watching her. Her head turned on her shoulders as she looked in every direction, her eyes scanning as she searched in vain for another bathroom. When she didn’t find any, her face clouded with even more worry. She glanced apprehensively at the line of people slowly boarding the plane, then looked hesitantly back up the hallway from where she’d come, clearly contemplating running out and trying to find another bathroom in time to board the plane. In the end, however, she came to the same conclusion that I had, and began quickly scurrying to the back of the line where I stood.

@@I looked at her out of the corner of my eyes as she approached. She was young, maybe about 25, wearing a white blouse with very tight-fitting black pants which accentuated the soft curves of her legs and ass quite nicely, while on her feet she wore a pair of open-toed high heels. Her chest-length brown hair bounced in rhythm to the click-clacking of her heels as she strode over and took her place right behind me. Now that I could see her face clearly, it struck me that she looked quite familiar. After a moment’s thought, I realized she had been at the conference, and I’d seen her several hours ago during one of the morning activities. Sure enough, I noticed that she was still wearing her name tag on her chest, which read “Jennifer”. It seemed she had fallen into the exact same predicament as I had, being unable to find time for a toilet break all morning and now arriving at the airport about to burst. It was oddly comforting, knowing I wasn’t suffering alone anymore. In fact, I was actually getting rather excited; I’d always had this effect at the sight of someone desperate to pee, and this was quite a sight indeed.

As she was standing behind me, it was hard to keep my eye on Jennifer without it being too suspicious. However, the nonstop clicking of her heels left nothing to the imagination. She was unable to stand still, walking in place, shuffling her feet, shifting from one foot to the other. More than once I saw her stepping to the side and gazing down at the line, clearly impatient to get on the plane as quickly as possible, where she could go dashing off to the nearest toilet.

Mind you, I wasn’t faring much better myself. My swollen bladder was pressing up against my tight skirt, and its weight was pressing down heavily against my urethra, making the pressure almost unbearable. I mirrored the movements of the woman behind me, my legs constantly jiggling as we crept forward at a painstakingly slow pace.

After what felt like ages, although it was really just ten minutes, we finally crossed through the gate and onto the plane. Relief was close now, it wouldn’t be much longer. I tried to remain composed, but just the thought of the bathrooms being so close was sending my bladder into overdrive, and I had to bite my lips to suppress a groan as I was engulfed by a wave of desperation. It wasn’t just me either. Behind me, Jen was breathing quickly, and I could actually feel her urgent sighs on the back of my neck. “Come on, dammit,” I heard her muttering under her breath with unmistakable frustration as we crept down the aisle at a snail’s pace.

It certainly felt like a trek, but at last I finally came upon my seat. As it turned out, Jen and I were seated right next to each other; I had an aisle-side seat in the middle section, and hers was right across the aisle next to mine. However, seating arrangements were the last thing on my mind at that moment. Not even bothering to sit down, I threw my handbag onto the seat and set my eyes on the bathroom door further down the aisle, towards the back of the plane. I hurried towards it, Jen following right on my heels.

Unfortunately, we weren’t the only ones who had been in need of relief. The bathroom was already occupied, and two women stood in line waiting. I had half-expected this to happen, but even so, with my bladder so incredibly full, it was not a sight I had wanted to see. Jen’s sigh of frustration from behind me made it clear what her feelings were as well. I came to a stop at the back of the line, right behind a young girl of about 20, who was clad in a simple white shirt and jeans, standing with her legs crossed. In front of her was an older lady of about 40, who stood right in front of the door, staring at the “Occupied” sign rather intently.

Waiting in line for the bathroom was a form of torture in and of itself. Being so close to a toilet yet having to stand there and wait while my bladder throbbed and ached in my abdomen was torment. It really was a struggle not to reach down and grab myself between the legs, that’s how badly I had to go. Instead, I settled for the next best thing, jamming my thighs together and rubbing my knees against each other, although I was trying to be subtle. I couldn’t help but feel self-conscious in front of all the other passengers.

Jen was doing much of the same: with her legs squished together, she was slowly rocking back and forth on her heels, bent forward a little at the waist and her arms crossed over her chest. Her breathing was heavy, clearly occupied in an internal fight to maintain control of herself. We were both very much in a deep struggle, but at least the wait wouldn’t be much longer. The bathroom door opened, and the occupant walked out, allowing the woman up front to hurry inside and lock the door. Just one more person, I thought to myself. Just a few more minutes, then I can finally pee. The annoying thing about a full bladder is that it makes even a few minutes seem like eons.

The door opened again, and the first woman came out, standing aside as the young girl in front of me pushed past her and disappeared into the little room. Unable to stand still anymore, I jiggled my knees and swayed from side to side, my impatience growing as I silently urged the girl inside to hurry up and get out. Next to me, Jen had grown more restless too, rubbing the front of her thighs with her hands as she marched on the spot, staring at the door with pursed lips.

Three minutes of restless waiting later, the door clicked, and suddenly it was open again. Oh, thank god. The girl had hardly taken a step outside before I rushed past her, bursting into the tiny room beyond. Never had I been so happy to set my eyes on a plane toilet. Turning around, I grasped the door and began to push it, but just before it closed, I caught a glimpse of Jen’s face. It was flushed and tense, and her wide worry-stricken eyes locked onto mine, pleading with me to hurry up. Shoving the door closed, I fumbled the lock into place, then staggered backwards to stand over the little white bowl.

In one swift movement, I clawed my skirt up to my waist, dug my fingers into my pantyhose and underwear, then tore them down to my knees. I was peeing before I could even get seated, sending my initial stream of urine flying into my underwear before my thighs finally embraced the cold toilet seat. I threw back my head and exhaled deeply in total relief as I finally relaxed, peeing forcefully into the little toilet beneath me. Ohhhh… god… My shoulders slumped as the burden of my very full bladder was lifted at last, a morning’s worth of liquid jetting out from between my legs with incredible speed.

@@After a considerable amount of time, I squeezed out the final few drops, heaving out one final breath of relief. I reached for the toilet paper, feeling a hundred times better than when I had walked in. My mind had been so taken over from the immense relief that for a moment I had completely forgotten about Jen. With a jolt of excitement, I remembered that she was standing just outside the door, probably jumping out of her skin in desperation. The poor soul must be trying so hard not to flood her pants and humiliate herself in front of so many people. I realized that I, alone in this bathroom, was single-handedly blocking her from the relief she so urgently needed. In here, I could delay her as long as I wanted! Malicious thoughts began to play in my head as I contemplated this power. I imagined sitting here for ages and ages, while Jen stood outside squirming and straining every muscle she had to hold it in, before finally losing control and unleashing a massive waterfall onto the aisle floor as onlookers gawked from every direction.

But no, I couldn’t do that, of course not. As much as I would’ve loved to, that would just be cruel. Nevertheless, I took my time as I wiped myself and readjusted my clothes, then taking a good minute or so to cleanse my hands very thoroughly, scrubbing the soap quite generously. Surely, she could wait for just a couple more minutes?

Once I had finally finished up rubbing my hands dry, I reached out and swung open the door, fully expecting to be swept aside by Jen as she rushed inside. Instead, I came face to face with… no one. Stepping out into the aisle, I looked up and down, perplexed, wondering where my desperate colleague had disappeared off to. Perhaps she went off to find another bathroom?

My questions didn’t go unanswered for too long, because just then I was accosted by a flight attendant. “Excuse me, ma’am, please return to your seat immediately, we will be taking off soon.” Muttering in acknowledgement, I quickly turned and began hurrying back to my seat. Was this why Jen had disappeared? Because she had been forced to return to her seat, unrelieved, due to the plane’s imminent departure? It was a definite possibility, and I would find out for sure very shortly.

Sure enough, as I approached my seat, there she was, occupying the seat next to mine. One look at her rapidly bouncing knees told me all I needed to know: she’d been unable to find a bathroom in time for the departure and was still clearly nursing a very full bladder underneath her garments. No matter how desperate she was now, she’d have no choice but to hold on until the takeoff was complete, and that could take at least another fifteen minutes or so.

*004*2022-08-27 16:07

Part 3

As I took my seat and began to fumble with the seatbelt, I couldn’t help but feel a resurgence of excitement at the prospect of watching this young woman next to me struggle with her urgent urinary dilemma. For just a moment, I caught a glimpse of her looking at me as I settled into my seat and thought I detected a hint of disdain on her face. Was she upset with me for delaying her and forcing her to be thrust into this situation? Probably, and I certainly couldn’t blame her; I would be too if I was in her shoes. Remembering how incredibly uncomfortable I’d been just a few minutes ago, I couldn’t help but feel guilty since I was directly responsible for her plight. Nevertheless, I couldn’t shake off the thrill of having a front-row seat to witness this woman’s desperation.

The plane rumbled as it slowly began making its way to the runway, and the flight attendants made their final rounds, urging the last few stragglers to the seats to prepare for takeoff. Jen’s eyes stared intently out the window, her legs rapidly sliding in and out across the seat, making a distinct rustling noise. Her hands were restless, rubbing themselves over her thighs and then drumming their fingers on the seat handles. Her lips were pursed tightly in a grimace, and the worry on her face was unmistakable. She was, without a doubt, bursting for the toilet, so much so that I began to wonder whether she’d even make it in time. The conference had begun at 9am this morning, meaning it was now well over six hours since she’d last used a toilet. She couldn’t possibly have much time left.

A ding echoed in the air as the seatbelt light flashed on, effectively locking us into place. The flight attendants had all taken their seats as the plane had now turned to face its nose down the length of the runway, ready to take to the air at last. I sat back in my chair, my legs stretched out in front to occupy whatever few inches of legroom I had, still discreetly keeping an eye on Jen to my right side. Her knees still wobbled in front of her, but I could tell she was trying to restrain herself, clearly not wanting to make her predicament obvious. I know I probably would’ve done the same. For whatever reason, it’s just so embarrassing when others know that you’re desperate to pee. In any case, Jen wouldn’t have to worry for much longer; in just a few minutes, we would be well over the Tampa skyline, and she would finally be free to go relieve herself from her bladder’s misery.

With a faint rumble and a burst of acceleration, the plane began speeding down the runaway, and in just mere moments, we were off and in the air, leaving the airport behind as we soared off into the afternoon sky. I glanced at the little screen embedded into the seat in front of me, looking at the map where a tiny plane icon rotated to face northward. Soon we were up amidst the clouds, zooming off towards our destination, which was three hours away according to the map on my monitor.

The seatbelt light was still on, but now that we were in the air, I figured it was bound to turn off soon and free the desperate passenger next to me. Clearly Jen was of the same mind: she was leaning forward in her seat, both her hands clutching her belt, her finger poised on the release button as her thighs jiggled energetically. She looked like she was ready to pop off down the aisle the moment the light turned off.

But it didn’t. A minute passed, then two, then five, but the seatbelt light remained on. Nobody seemed fussed about it, or even paid it any mind. All except for Jen, who was getting more agitated by the minute. I saw her glancing up and down the aisle, the frustration evident on her face. I’m sure she was thinking the same thing I was: what on earth was causing the hold up?

The question didn’t go unanswered for long. The loudspeaker crackled to life, and the deep, booming voice of the pilot filled the cabin. “Ladies and gentlemen, this is your pilot speaking. We have received reports of stormy weather up ahead, and some turbulence is possible. At this time, we ask that you remain in your seat, and refrain from getting up until we deem it safe to do so. Thank you for your patience and enjoy the rest of your trip.” And with that, the cabin fell silent once more.

I could hardly believe it. I felt my heart beating faster. Who could’ve seen this coming? Certainly not Jen, who looked nothing short of flabbergasted at the pilot’s words. Her hands were clutched at her belt tightly, clearly itching to rip them off, but now she couldn’t, not until we had passed the storm. There was now an unmistakable hint of panic in her eyes as she glanced about, desperately searching for some solution, and not finding any. Her only option was to hold it in, and who knew how long that could be for? This was turning out to be a memorable flight indeed. If the seat belt light didn’t turn off soon, this day would be memorable for Jen too, and not for a good reason.

*006*2022-08-30 16:33

{{ 

On 8/29/2022 at 5:10 AM, jeromeft said:

Really love to ur stories Kayn. This actually happened to my sister in law and she barely made it after the plane took off. She had considered ‘begging’ to be allowed to pee before take off but didn’t as she knew she would be rejected.

}}

Thanks man! I read the story about your SIL, sounds like a great experience (well maybe not for her lol).

Big fan of your sightings thread, hope to see more.

*008*2022-09-02 20:04

And now for the conclusion!

Part 4

As I leaned back in my seat, I pretended to be absent-minded, but really, I was more alert than ever. My mind was focused sharply on Jen, her struggling figure never leaving the bounds of my peripheral vision. I watched as she rubbed the inside of her thighs up and down with her palms, her hands getting ever so close to her crotch. She longed to hold herself, I could tell, yet she dared not… not yet. I was close enough to hear her breaths, soft but deep. It had only been a few minutes since the pilot’s announcement, but Jen was already seriously struggling.

The next ten minutes passed without incident. Most people seemed to be drifting off to sleep, while some others had decided to watch a movie or read a book. Jen was doing none of these things. In contrast, she seemed to be the most active passenger on the plane, her restlessness only growing with time. By now she had taken to alternating between bouncing her legs for a while and then crossing them tightly when they got tired. I saw her tampering around with her screen for a bit, apparently looking for a distraction, but seemingly gave up after a while, clearly too occupied with the burning of her bladder to focus on anything else.

With every passing moment, Jen’s condition was getting worse and worse. She absolutely could not keep still, the intensity of her movements growing in tandem with her desperation. I could hear the sharp taps and scuffles of her heels as her feet shuffled all over the floor in front of her, joined by the ever louder rustling of her seat whenever she fanned her thighs in and out, going faster each time she did. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d seen someone this agitated. When they weren’t clasped in between her thighs, her hands gripped the armrests of her seat tightly, squeezing so hard I could see the muscles of her forearms bulging.

@@It was about fifteen minutes after the pilot’s announcement that we started feeling the first effects of the aforementioned storm. I was never really afraid of flying, but turbulence can make things feel terrifying real quick. Fortunately, it wasn’t so bad this time; we had the occasional sudden bump here and there, but it was relatively mild for the most part, certainly not enough to cause a major disturbance. Other than feeling like my intestines were jumping in place, I felt fine. Jen, however, looked like she was living through hell. A full bladder was bad enough on its own, but add turbulence on top of that, jerking the bladder this way and that and adding even more pressure, and it had to be absolute torture. The look on Jen’s face was one of strained concentration. I could practically see the muscles of her abdomen completely constricted, stubbornly refusing to let anything come out, fighting her bladder’s vehement demands. Each time the turbulence came and caused a sudden bump, she would wince and jam her thighs together. Her hands still clutched at her belt, and I could see her pulling it out away from her abdomen, clearly trying to stop the belt from pressing into her bladder.

@@The engine hummed, the clouds whizzed past outside, and the time crawled by. I began perusing a magazine, although this was really just an act to pretend like I was busy so I could keep watching the woman next to me without suspicion. At this point, Jen looked like she was losing her mind, such was the severity of her condition. Her eyes were wide open, her breathing was heavy, and her whole body was shaking. Her heels danced on the floor in front of her as her legs bounced up and down. She crossed and recrossed them every minute, clearly unable to hold a position for too long. Her hands were either gripping her arm rests, clutching at her belt, or pushed tight against the inside of her thighs. Ever so slowly, I could see them making their way up to her crotch, the spot that Jen was undoubtedly burning to grab and squeeze. It won’t be too long now. With each passing moment, her squirming figure only grew more frantic, the riveting jig of her legs growing into a fierce intensity. It was never-ending movement fueled by a full tank of urine, sloshing around inside her stretched, throbbing bladder.

At long last, the girl finally seemed to lose hope. Raising her left arm, she waved urgently towards the flight attendant who sat nearby in front of us. All this time Jen had been doing her best to suppress her movements out of a desire to hide her plight from the public, but the fact that she was willingly drawing attention to herself clearly meant she could take this suffering no longer. The flight attendant, noticing the passenger’s beckoning arm, looked questioningly towards her before rising from her seat and approaching her. “Do you need something, miss?”

Jen leaned towards her to whisper into her ear, and I strained my ears to listen: “I’m really sorry, but would it be okay if I go use the bathroom really quickly? It’s very urgent.” She looked imploringly up at the attendant who stood leaning over her. Unfortunately, this was not enough to sway her. Shaking her head, she simply replied, “I’m sorry, miss, but passengers cannot get up during turbulence, it’s unsafe. You can go once the seatbelt light turns off.” This was not what Jen wanted to hear at all. Taking a deep breath, she leaned in once again, her voice so soft it was barely audible: “I understand, but can you please make an exception? It’s… it’s really an emergency.” She looked up pleadingly at the attendant, her soft brown eyes big and round, her face etched with genuine and absolute desperation. Her hands clutched tightly around her belt, her knees pushed firmly against each other, her feet bounced rapidly on the tips of her toes.

The attendant’s gaze softened as she looked sympathetically at the struggling young woman sitting hunched over in her seat. For a moment, I thought she would relent and let poor Jen go to obtain the relief she so badly needed. But then she shook her head. “I know it’s urgent, but I’m afraid there’s nothing I can do. The rules here are very strict, we cannot let you leave your seat until it’s safe. I’m sorry, please try to wait.”

Jen looked like she was on the verge of tears. “D-do you know how much longer it will be?” Her voice was strained, dripping with tension and threatening to crack as she uttered the question. The attendant shook her head apologetically. “Soon,” she replied, trying to sound reassuring. I don’t think it had much effect. The attendant turned and went back, leaving Jen trapped in her seat, imprisoned by the belt that wrapped snugly around the obvious bulge protruding from her abdomen. The look on her face was one of total despair, a look so powerful I could practically feel the pain she was enduring. I genuinely wondered if she was going to give up and simply let go, seeing as she had no other choice.

But she wasn’t done fighting yet. I guess the embarrassment of wetting yourself on a plane surrounded by people is motivation enough, no matter how painful it became. After a few more minutes of more frantic squirming, Jen reached forward and hastily grabbed a magazine from the little seat pouch in front of her, then threw it on her upper lap, covering her crotch. She then shoved her right hand underneath between her legs, and although it was covered by the magazine, it didn’t take a genius to figure out exactly what she was doing.

The next ten minutes must’ve been the longest and most torturous moments of Jen’s life. Sweat was beading on the wrinkled forehead of her face, which was scrunched up in pain. Her every breath shook, punctuated by sudden soft gasps as she rocked back and forth on her seat, hunched over by her waist with her left had clutching onto the seat’s edge as if she were holding on for dear life. Her right hand was clamped up against her crotch, the magazine on her lap barely even covering it anymore since it kept getting knocked out of place by the vigorous swinging of her thighs. Up ahead, I saw the flight attendant from earlier looking at Jen, a look of pity and sympathy on her face, perhaps even a twinge of guilt for forcing her to bear this suffering.

And then —

Ding!

The sound echoed through the air, a soft pleasant note, lasting only for a second before it disappeared, but there was no question about what it meant. I heard Jen’s gasp, and I looked over to see that she had frozen in her seat, just for a second as she processed what had happened. But the realization came quickly: the seatbelt light was off at last, and she was finally free.

@@The loudspeaker turned on again as the pilot made another announcement about the end of the turbulence period, but Jen didn’t care one bit. Shoving the magazine aside, her hands flew to her belt, her fingers working furiously in her haste to get it off. In her frantic state, she could barely slow down enough to undo the mechanism, but after a quick battle she wrenched it apart, throwing the straps aside and freeing herself at last. Grasping onto the seat in front of her, she struggled to her feet, her knees glued together as she balanced precariously on the spot. A sudden pained expression came over her face, mixed with panic as, just for a moment, she was overcome by the full weight of her pressing bladder pushed down by gravity’s force. I held my breath, half-expecting the floodgates to burst open right then and there, resulting in a spectacular wetting right in front of my face. But somehow, she held on, displaying an impressive feat of strength. With no time to lose, Jen stumbled onto the aisle, still bent over at the waist, and began staggering down.

I sprang from my seat and immediately followed after her. I didn’t have to pee at all, but there was no way in hell I was going to miss the end of this show. Jen scurried down the aisle as fast as she could possibly go, but you can only go so fast with your thighs smushed together. As it turned out, she wasn’t quick enough. Another woman from the back of the plane reached the bathroom first, and when we finally approached it, Jen was once again condemned to wait in front of the locked door.

She looked like she was about to explode. Both her hands were jammed deep into her pockets, practically bent-over double as she tried to balance on her tightly crossed legs. Her composure had completely deteriorated, unable to keep still as her feet danced in place, her high heels clicking and clacking on the hard floor. Standing directly behind her, I couldn’t help but look at the shapely ass jiggling within the confines of her skintight pants as her knees shook uncontrollably in place.

“Come on, please!” I heard her mutter after about a minute, her patience running extremely thin. I couldn’t blame her, she really looked like she was at the end of her limit. The woman inside the bathroom, oblivious to Jen’s distress, was taking her sweet time. As another agonizing minute passed, Jen’s frustration overcame her. Reaching up with a balled fist, she knocked forcefully on the door, five sharp, loud raps. She leaned up against the wall with her right hand while nursing the massive bulge of her bladder with the left. I was astonished at the sheer volume sticking out of her belly; it looked like the woman was carrying a bowling ball in her abdomen, a ball that was full to the brim with hot urine.

At long last, the door finally reopened. Jen clambered forward, almost knocking the emerging woman to the ground in her haste to get inside the room that she needed more than anything else in the world. Her slim figure crossed over the threshold, and the last thing I saw was Jen’s hand clutching her crotch between her squeezed thighs before she slammed the door shut.

I strode up to the door, straining my ears to hear what was going on inside. There were a couple sharp taps from her heels and the muffled sounds of cloth rustling. Then there was a thud, and at last, Jen’s misery was over.

I stood there listening in awe. The roar of Jen’s pee gushing into the toilet was clearly audible even above the rumble of the plane’s engines, accompanied by moans which echoed in the small chamber. I could only imagine the sheer relief flooding through her body at this moment, finally releasing a half-a-day’s worth of pent-up urine at long last, having endured hours of extreme desperation. She peed and peed, the powerful stream unrelenting in force. I had never heard a woman pee so loud or for so long in my life, and I’ve heard plenty of bursting women before. A full minute had passed, and then some, before the stream finally died down, and at last she was done. After that, it was silent, the engine’s humming drowning out any noise from within.

When she reemerged a couple minutes later, the difference in her demeanor was like night and day. The frantic, panic-stricken woman that had walked in had been replaced by someone far more relaxed, and, without a doubt, feeling immensely relieved. Nevertheless, she kept her head down as she brushed past me and made her way back down the aisle, still feeling the embarrassment of the show she had put on a few minutes ago.

Turning back, I stepped into the bathroom cabin for the second time today, closing the door and facing the bowl upon which Jen had sat just a minute ago. It didn’t take long for me to find what I was looking for: little droplets and wet spots on the floor at the base of the toilet, and some on the toilet seat. Jen had tried to clean it up, but the evidence was still there, and the conclusion was clear: she had leaked quite a bit before she’d gotten her pants down completely. Honestly, given her state, it really wasn’t much of a surprise. Nevertheless, the thought of knowing that Jen was currently sitting in wet panties was quite thrilling.

After waiting inside for a couple minutes to pretend like I was using the bathroom, I left the little room and returned to my seat, next to which sat Jen, looking relaxed and comfortable for the first time since I’d seen her. And thus came to an end one of the best desperation incidents I had ever seen. Who would’ve guessed that this flight I was dreading could turn out to be so memorable? Perhaps air travel wasn't so bad after all.

*012*2022-11-08 23:53

{{On 9/3/2022 at 5:44 AM, Apan said:

I'd be lying if I was to say I wasn't disappointed at the ending, but the suspense throughout was second to none. I'm sure I'm not alone in dying to see an alternate conclusion to this incredible desperation story. Keeping the light on just a little longer, another plea with the attendant, adding a person to the final queue perhaps? Just throwing it out there.

Great read, anyways!

}}

Ask and you shall receive.

Part 4 (Alternate Ending)

As I leaned back in my seat, I pretended to be absent-minded, but really, I was more alert than ever. My mind was focused sharply on Jen, her struggling figure never leaving the bounds of my peripheral vision. I watched as she rubbed the inside of her thighs up and down with her palms, her hands getting ever so close to her crotch. She longed to hold herself, I could tell, yet she dared not… not yet. I was close enough to hear her breaths, soft but deep. It had only been a few minutes since the pilot’s announcement, but Jen was already seriously struggling.

The next ten minutes passed without incident. Most people seemed to be drifting off to sleep, while some others had decided to watch a movie or read a book. Jen was doing none of these things. In contrast, she seemed to be the most active passenger on the plane, her restlessness only growing with time. By now she had taken to alternating between bouncing her legs for a while and then crossing them tightly when they got tired. I saw her tampering around with her screen for a bit, apparently looking for a distraction, but seemingly gave up after a while, clearly too occupied with the burning of her bladder to focus on anything else.

With every passing moment, Jen’s condition was getting worse and worse. She absolutely could not keep still, the intensity of her movements growing in tandem with her desperation. I could hear the sharp taps and scuffles of her heels as her feet shuffled all over the floor in front of her, joined by the ever louder rustling of her seat whenever she fanned her thighs in and out, going faster each time she did. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d seen someone this agitated. When they weren’t clasped in between her thighs, her hands gripped the armrests of her seat tightly, squeezing so hard I could see the muscles of her forearms bulging.

It was about fifteen minutes after the pilot’s announcement that we started feeling the first effects of the aforementioned storm. I was never really afraid of flying, but turbulence can make things feel terrifying real quick. Fortunately, it wasn’t so bad this time; we had the occasional sudden bump here and there, but it was relatively mild for the most part, certainly not enough to cause a major disturbance. Other than feeling like my intestines were jumping in place, I felt fine. Jen, however, looked like she was living through hell.

A full bladder was bad enough on its own, but add turbulence on top of that, jerking the bladder this way and that and adding even more pressure, and it had to be absolute torture. The look on Jen’s face was one of strained concentration. I could practically see the muscles of her abdomen completely constricted, stubbornly refusing to let anything come out, fighting her bladder’s vehement demands. Each time the turbulence came and caused a sudden bump, she would wince and jam her thighs together. Her hands still clutched at her belt, and I could see her pulling it out away from her abdomen, clearly trying to stop the belt from pressing into her bladder.

The engine hummed, the clouds whizzed past outside, and the time crawled by. I began perusing a magazine, although this was really just an act to pretend like I was busy so I could keep watching the woman next to me without suspicion. At this point, Jen looked like she was losing her mind, such was the severity of her condition. Her eyes were wide open, her breathing was heavy, and her whole body was shaking. Her heels danced on the floor in front of her as her legs bounced up and down. She crossed and recrossed them every minute, clearly unable to hold a position for too long.

Her hands were either gripping her arm rests, clutching at her belt, or pushed tight against the inside of her thighs. Ever so slowly, I could see them making their way up to her crotch, the spot that Jen was undoubtedly burning to grab and squeeze. It won’t be too long now. With each passing moment, her squirming figure only grew more frantic, the riveting jig of her legs growing into a fierce intensity. It was never-ending movement fueled by a full tank of urine, sloshing around inside her stretched, throbbing bladder.

At long last, the girl finally seemed to lose hope. Raising her left arm, she waved urgently towards the flight attendant who sat nearby in front of us. All this time Jen had been doing her best to suppress her movements out of a desire to hide her plight from the public, but the fact that she was willingly drawing attention to herself clearly meant she could take this suffering no longer. The flight attendant, noticing the passenger’s beckoning arm, looked questioningly towards her before rising from her seat and approaching her. “Do you need something, miss?”

Jen leaned towards her to whisper into her ear, and I strained my ears to listen: “I’m really sorry, but would it be okay if I go use the bathroom really quickly? It’s very urgent.” She looked imploringly up at the attendant who stood leaning over her. Unfortunately, this was not enough to sway her. Shaking her head, she simply replied, “I’m sorry, miss, but passengers cannot get up during turbulence, it’s unsafe. You can go once the seatbelt light turns off.” This was not what Jen wanted to hear at all. Taking a deep breath, she leaned in once again, her voice so soft it was barely audible: “I understand, but can you please make an exception? It’s… it’s really an emergency.” She looked up pleadingly at the attendant, her soft brown eyes big and round, her face etched with genuine and absolute desperation. Her hands clutched tightly around her belt, her knees pushed firmly against each other, her feet bounced rapidly on the tips of her toes.

The attendant’s gaze softened as she looked sympathetically at the struggling young woman sitting hunched over in her seat. For a moment, I thought she would relent and let poor Jen go to obtain the relief she so badly needed. But then she shook her head. “I know it’s urgent, but I’m afraid there’s nothing I can do. The rules here are very strict, we cannot let you leave your seat until it’s safe. I’m sorry, please try to wait.”

Jen looked like she was on the verge of tears. “D-do you know how much longer it will be?” Her voice was strained, dripping with tension and threatening to crack as she uttered the question. The attendant shook her head apologetically. “Soon,” she replied, trying to sound reassuring. I don’t think it had much effect. The attendant turned and went back, leaving Jen trapped in her seat, imprisoned by the belt that wrapped snugly around the obvious bulge protruding from her abdomen. The look on her face was one of total despair, a look so powerful I could practically feel the pain she was enduring. I genuinely wondered if she was going to give up and simply let go, seeing as she had no other choice.

But she wasn’t done fighting yet. I guess the embarrassment of wetting yourself on a plane surrounded by people is motivation enough, no matter how painful it became. After a few more minutes of more frantic squirming, Jen reached forward and hastily grabbed a magazine from the little seat pouch in front of her, then threw it on her upper lap, covering her crotch. She then shoved her right hand underneath between her legs, and although it was covered by the magazine, it didn’t take a genius to figure out exactly what she was doing.

The ensuing minutes must’ve been the longest and most torturous moments of Jen’s life. Sweat was beading on the wrinkled forehead of her face, which was scrunched up in pain. Her every breath shook, punctuated by sudden soft gasps as she rocked back and forth on her seat, hunched over by her waist with her left had clutching onto the seat’s edge as if she were holding on for dear life. Her right hand was clamped up against her crotch, the magazine on her lap barely even covering it anymore since it kept getting knocked out of place by the vigorous swinging of her thighs. Up ahead, I saw the flight attendant from earlier looking at Jen, a look of pity and sympathy on her face, perhaps even a twinge of guilt for forcing her to bear this suffering. But what could she do? She was just following rules, after all.

I wondered just what could be going on inside Jen’s head at that moment, so totally desperate to pee and unable to do anything about it. She must’ve been praying for the end, hoping so earnestly to hear the sound of the seatbelt sign turning off. But it didn’t come. On and on we went, still buffeted by the occasional jolt, each one a clear reminder that the turbulence was not over yet, and that Jen could not leave to go to the toilet, not matter how badly she had to go. Her aggravation at this fact was growing more and more pronounced the longer we continued, frustration emanating from every groan and sigh that came out of her.

I glanced at her as she let out a soft whimper, starting to get seriously concerned for her sake. I genuinely don’t think I’ve ever seen a person look as desperate as Jen did right now. Every so often her torso would bend forward at her waist, so far it was almost parallel with her legs, her hands disappearing into the folds between her legs. I could see her physically shuddering at the effort of holding it in, no doubt fighting the vicious waves of desperation ripping through her body. Her face was like that of a child, looking so totally helpless and distraught, unsure of what to do.

It continued like this for another quarter of an hour, by which point I was seriously starting to consider the possibility of there being a very wet floor next to me. By her looks, the fact Jen had even held it this long was astounding; she looked like she was being stabbed in the crotch by a red-hot knife. Honestly, that’s probably exactly what it felt like. As exciting as this show of desperation has been, my sympathy for her was bubbling up to the surface. Poor woman, she really looks like she’s in a lot of pain. I saw her turn her head back, peering longingly in the direction of the toilets. She grasped the armrests of her seat, shifting forward as if she meant to get up. I watched closely. Was she trying to make a run for it? But then she sank back suddenly, her eyes scrunching up tight as she was clearly overtaken by another surge from her bladder.

She squeezed her right hand onto her crotch tightly, not even trying to hide it anymore. My eyes drank it all in as I watched with bated breath. She was in serious trouble now: her bladder was so full she could barely even move without opening the tap and unleashing the reservoir within. How was she going to get out of this? There’s no chance, no way she would make it, surely. I couldn’t believe it. Was I about to witness a grown adult woman having a catastrophic accident in the middle of a plane?

My eyes snapped up as I noticed movement on my right: Jen had raised her hand once again. I glanced up at the flight attendant, who rose from her seat a second time and walked towards Jen’s shaking hand, a mix of sympathy and concern on her face at the sight of the woman sitting half crumpled in her seat.

“Are you alright, miss?” the attendant asked in a soft voice, leaning in close to Jen.

“P-please, you have to… you have to help me…” Jen was practically sobbing as she looked pleadingly up at the attendant. “I can’t wait any longer, please… please let me go…”

The attendant looked down at the distressed passenger, clearly torn and at a loss for what to do. There was no doubt that Jen was definitely at her limit, so refusing her would only lead to a very big mess. After thinking for a moment, she leaned down again, laying a hand on Jen’s shoulder. “Okay, I will speak to the captain and get his permission first, it’ll take just two minutes. Just wait a few more minutes, alright?” Jen, her eyes full of tears, nodded weakly, unable to muster up the strength to even say a word.

The attendant return to her seat, where she quickly grabbed a phone hanging on the wall and dialed before putting it to her ear. She began speaking, her eyes glancing repeatedly at Jen as she explained the situation. I couldn’t make out what she was saying, although I did catch the words “bathroom” and “emergency”. After some back and forth, the call ended, and the receiver was placed back in the holder on the wall. Rising from her seat once again, the attendant promptly returned to Jen, leaning in to tell her the pilot’s response as I listened in. Is Jen going to be allowed to go at last?

“I spoke with the pilot,” the attendant began. “He said we just passed through the turbulence, and the seatbelt sign will go off in just a minute or two. After that you’re free to go, alright?”

Jen looked up at her, legs shaking furiously underneath her. “Can’t — can’t I just g-go now?” she managed to utter, her breath coming out in gasps.

“It’s just one more minute, okay?” the attendant reasoned, her tone soothing as if she were comforting a child. “You’re almost there, you’ll get to go very soon.” Jen sunk back into her seat, her head bent down as she fought to survive this final stretch, knowing that relief was so close. The attendant gave her once last glance before heading back to her seat. The seconds ticked by, and Jen’s eyes bore into the glowing seat belt sign; I could practically hear her internal screams at it to turn off so she could be free of this horrible suffering.

And then, as the attendant had promised, it happened.

Ding!

The sound echoed through the air, a soft pleasant note, lasting only for a second before it disappeared, but there was no question about what it meant. I heard Jen’s gasp, and I looked over to see that she had frozen in her seat, just for a second as she processed what had happened. But the realization came quickly: the seatbelt light was off at last, and she was finally free.

The loudspeaker turned on again as the pilot made another announcement about the end of the turbulence period, but Jen didn’t care one bit. Her hands flew to her belt, her fingers working furiously in her haste to get it off. In her frantic state, she could barely slow down enough to undo the mechanism, but after a quick battle she wrenched it apart, throwing the straps aside and freeing herself at last. Grasping onto the seat in front of her, she struggled to her feet, her knees glued together as she balanced precariously on the spot.

A sudden pained expression came over her face, mixed with panic as, just for a moment, she was overcome by the full weight of her pressing bladder pushed down by gravity’s force. I held my breath, half-expecting the floodgates to burst open right then and there, resulting in a spectacular wetting right in front of my face. But somehow, she held on, displaying an impressive feat of strength. With no time to lose, Jen stumbled onto the aisle, still bent over at the waist, and began staggering down.

I sprang from my seat and immediately followed after her. I didn’t have to pee at all, but there was no way in hell I was going to miss the end of this show. Jen scurried down the aisle as fast as she could possibly go, but in her pitiful state, weighed down by the immense load of her bladder, the best she could manage was a slow hobble. She would pay for her lack of speed dearly. By the time she reached the bathroom, not only was it already occupied, but there was also a woman waiting in line as well.

Since I was standing behind her, I couldn’t see her expression, but I could just about imagine the horror on Jen’s face when she saw this. My heart pounded with excitement as we came to a halt in the line, my mind running wild wondering what would happen. Would Jen manage to hold on until it was her turn, or would she… no, that couldn’t possibly happen…. could it? Given the way she was hobbling around in place, half-bent with her hands clasped between her thighs, it wouldn’t have been a stretch to say it could. Then again, she’d managed to hold it in for so long now, surely she could last just a few more minutes…

The person inside the bathroom was taking plenty of time doing their business, and Jen’s frustration was getting the better of her.

“Hurry up!” I heard her mutter through gritted teeth, her legs dancing in place as she bobbed up and down. Her accentuated movements were starting to draw glances from the surrounding passengers, but she didn’t seem to care one bit. She was at her absolute limit, holding on for dear life as she waited and waited for the bathroom to become free.

Finally, the door opened, and its occupant, a young girl, stepped out. The woman next in line began making her way forward. Just as she was about to step into the cubicle, however, she was brought to a halt by Jen, who’d suddenly reached out to grab her hand.

Jen looked up at the woman, her whole body trembling. “P-please, can… can I go in front of you…?” She indicated to the empty restroom, and although I couldn’t see her face, I knew her eyes were begging her. She’ll let Jen go, surely. Anyone can see just how desperate she is.

But the woman shook her head hurriedly. “I’m sorry, I really have to go as well. I’ll be quick, I promise!” She glanced back briefly with an apologetic expression before closing the door on Jen. The green lock on the door slid shut to the red occupied sign, leaving Jen hunched over, her torture unended. She leaned against the wall next to the door, her right hand fully squeezing her crotch, so tightly I could see the fabric of her pants stretching across her ass and thighs, being pushed up deep against her throbbing urethra.

As she turned to the wall, I caught a glimpse of her face, and etched across every inch of it was absolute pain and despair. Suddenly, I saw her shudder, the expression on her face intensifying as she snapped both hands to her crotch, leading forward at the waist as she pushed with all her might. Even as I watched, a tear rolled down her soft cheek as she began to break down for good, her limit all but surpassed. I stared at her, suddenly apprehensive, as if I were looking at a bomb that was about to explode at any second. Is it actually going to happen? Oh my god, is she actually going to —

She exploded.

My breath caught in my throat, eyes opened wide in shock and awe as I witnessed one of the most incredible things I have ever seen in my life. An absolutely massive wave of pee burst forth, flooding right through her pants before pouring onto the ground below. Jen stood frozen in place in total shock, her hands still glued to her crotch as she desperately fought to hold it back, but her efforts were in vain. Her fight was over, she had lost.

Her bladder burst totally and completely, an absolute torrent gushing straight down her legs as it drenched the entirety of her pants in mere seconds, splashing noisily onto the floor. Oh, the sound… it was loud. It wasn’t just some trickle of drops; it was a huge cascade, flowing down her legs like a great waterfall. Pee rained down between her legs like the rain of a torrential thunderstorm, powerful and endless, the splattering of urine onto the hard floor so loud it filled the entire cabin, drawing everyone’s attention.

Jen stood bent over, utterly mortified, breaking into tears as onlookers gawked at the remarkable scene that was unfolding in front of them. But I had the best seat in the house, literally just a few feet away, nothing blocking my view as my eyes trained on the figure in front of me. The way she stood, with her knees glued together and bent slightly down, only made the mess even worse. Wave after wave of pee pooled up at the top of her thighs, oozing out through the pants’ fabric before sloshing down her thighs and onto the growing lake on the floor.

I watched and watched, waiting for it to end, but it didn’t. On and on she peed, an utterly unfathomable amount of liquid pouring out of her, each and every drop splashing down to add to the ridiculous volume of liquid that gathered all over the floor around her. The urine had spread so much that I actually had to step back several feet just to avoid getting it all over my high heels. By the time the storm of her bladder finally came to an end, Jen stood shaking with sobs in the middle of a sea of her urine, leaning forward with her hands on her thighs as she hid her face in humiliation.

Before long, a group of flight attendants came hurrying down to address the situation, and I was quickly ushered back to my seat to clear the way so that the mess could be contained and cleaned. I sat in my seat, hardly able to believe what I had just seen, my heartrate still recovering from the excitement. Never in a million years would I have thought that I would witness that today when I had woken up this morning. But I did, and I saw everything, up close and personal. What an incredible sighting that had been. Although it was over, the image of Jen wetting herself in front of that bathroom was burned into my mind, and it was something that I would never forget.

The End

