Parker's Ultrasound

Author: Kasey

*000*2023-02-16 02:45

Hey everyone, here's my first attempt at writing anything in years. From the perspective of a crafty ultrasound tech (non-con).

"Alright, hop off now. You're all done" I told my patient. She carefully slid off the table before taking quick, ginger steps outside my office and toward the bathroom.

I went into the waiting room to see my last patient of the day. He was freckle faced cutie in his mid-twenties with curly locks. His name was Parker, and I saw him for a pelvic ultrasound a couple weeks ago. Last time the poor thing practically tripped over his jeans as he ran out of my office, leaking and spurting.

Parker was doubled over, tensing his thighs and breathing laboriously. It was 5:15 and he had been scheduled for 4:30.

"Hey Parker, come on in." The young man stood up slowly and followed me with an awkward gait.

"Hop up on the table. I'm sorry for the wait, I scheduled you for the end of the day to give you a little more privacy" I half-lied. He blushed and darted his eyes to the ground. I locked my office door behind us and he didn't seem to notice. The privacy was perfect, but it was only part of my plan. He wasn't getting off easy this time. I gave him a little step stool to get up on the table, and told him to lie down.

"Alright Parker, raise your shirt a little, unbutton your jeans and slide them just past your pubic bone," I instructed. The anxious boy followed while squeezing his thighs together tightly.

"Now just relax, take a couple deep breaths," I said. Parker took a breath and shivered, getting goosebumps all over his body. I like to keep the office a bit colder than necessary and wear a cardigan myself. I love the effect it has on my desperate patients, especially when combined with the cool gel.

My poor boy was sweating, shaking and I hadn't touched him yet. I dabbed his forehead with a paper towel. He opened his big brown eyes, looked straight into mine, and I could see tears start to well.

"Don't worry, Parker. We'll get through this quickly and you won't have to come back, ok?" I whispered sweetly in his ear.

"Ok" he closed his eyes again and braced for the ultrasound. He tried to keep from shivering as I applied the gel. I grabbed my probe and gently laid it on his stomach, right above his belly button. His bladder was bulging and his muscles were all tensed up.

"You're doing so good for me" I whispered, this time a little sultrier, "such a good boy". He seemed to notice the change in my voice and shifted his body. I started moving the probe gently across his abdomen. As I looked at the monitor, I noticed his bladder was way too full for the scan. Normally I would have my patient release a little and return, but I couldn't let this squirming little cutie go.

Parker's face was pink with effort, and his whole body was shaking trying to hold in the flood. Once I moved the probe lower onto his bladder, he groaned in discomfort.

"It's ok, sweetheart. Why don't you grab hold of your cock for me?" He looked up at me a little bewildered.

"Well, wouldn't it help you hold if you could squeeze off the exit?" The desperate boy, in no position to argue, grabbed hold of his cock and started squeezing against the contractions of his bladder.

"Turn on your right side" I said softly, tucking a curl behind his ear. His cock stiffened in his hands. He groaned and turn his body over slowly, so as to not aggravate the contents of his bladder further.

"That's my good boy," I said and wiped the gel off his stomach. Since I wasn't going to get any images, I wanted to feel his bladder for myself. I stood behind him and gently placed one palm on his lower abdomen, pushing the rest of his body back into me. His cute little ass ended up grinding against my pussy as he tried to escape my hand. I gently palpated his bladder, bulging from his pubic area all the way past his belly button. It was so firm to the touch and I wondered how much time he had before the inevitable.

"Please!" he yelled out, surprising even himself.

"Ok, I'll help", I said as I grabbed his cock too. I squeezed nice and tight below his head. "Nothing is coming out until I say so, ok? We have to finish your exam." I said sternly. He whined like a puppy and flapped his thighs before squeezing them tight again. Poor thing, I thought, knowing he would have to come back and go through all of this a third time. I started slowly pumping his little cock, and Parker began to moan. At this point he must've been seeing stars. His arms slumped, he stopped trying to exert control and gave himself up completely. I continued to stroke his little cock firmly while breathing a little heavily into his ear.

"Please" he said more quietly, with wanting. I didn't know whether he was asking to piss or for me to continue, but I took the opportunity to lead the way.

"Stay nice and hard for me, sweetie. It'll be so much easier for you to hold it." I purred. At this point my patient was drooling on the table, desperately in need. I could feel his heart pounding fast and his cock getting ever harder. I pinned his left shoulder down, forcing the boy to fall harshly on his back, sloshing his bladder.

"Fuck!" he yelled out.

"Now, there's no need for that kind of language in my office young man," I reprimanded him.

"Sorry--gotta piss--sorry" was all I got out of him. His eyes were squeezed shut and his breathing became shallow.

"You'll have your time," I said "right after I'm done with you, you can race down to the bathroom and finally have a nice, long, relaxing piss" I teased. He whined again as I kept a steady hand down on his bladder and continued stroking with the other. He groaned in pain and tried to curl into himself.

"Please please I have to pee so badly can we reschedule please?" he begged me.

"Sorry dear, I'm all booked up and won't have another appointment for six weeks. Let's try to make it through this one and it'll be your last," I lied.

"AH!!" He yelped and his hands flew down to his cock, squeezing mine too as he desperately fought for control.

"Please I can't anymore I can't!" he cried. He tried to get up, but couldn't fight with his bladder so full. He gasped and tears started to flow down his pretty cheeks.

"It's ok, I know it hurts but it's going to be ok. You're a a big boy and you're going to hold all that hot piss inside for me until we're finished." I tried to pry his hands off his cock but he kept squirming away. I gave him a quick slap, which took him by surprise, and grabbed his jaw in my hand.

"Listen to me Parker, the only way you're getting through this is by following my instructions carefully. Is that understood?" The scared young man nodded in submission.

"Good," I said, "Now take your hands off that cock." The sweaty, pained boy carefully lifted finger after finger, with a gentle sob.

"PLEASE--" he cried, and I slapped him again. This time harder. The sting felt warm against my palm and I lingered on his cheek, wiping away his tears. The other hand went down to squeeze him.

"Watch your tone with me," I told him. To his horror, I loosened my grip on his cock, and he immediately began to spurt. I squeezed him shut and he groaned loudly. His piss dribbled down, wetting his jeans and briefs. I started to let go every few seconds, and spurt after spurt leaked out of his abused little cock. Bit by bit, I allowed him relief, a few seconds at a time.

By the time Parker was able to empty half his bladder, he was completely exhausted. He managed to gather himself once the worst of the urgency wore off, and wiped away his tears.

"You were such a good boy for me," I whispered tenderly, and let him empty the rest of his bladder uninterrupted. His eyes rolled back into his head with pleasure.

"Let's get you cleaned up and send you home."

