Short Yoimiya fic (Genshin Impact)

Author: Kittensoda

*000*2021-10-08 06:43

"Yoimiya's mark" Crossposted from AO3 ♡

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/34207645

Yoimiya pees outside and Traveler catches her... (I wrote it as Lumine but you can imagine it as Aether instead if you like)

Yoimiya is super cute and fun to write

___

Yoimiya really needed to pee.

Her fun bouncy steps were now more serious steady hurry-up steps as she wandered deeper into the wilderness to try to find a secret spot.

She was no stranger to peeing outside, she did it all the time. She didn't usually wait this long though. She had been out playing with the village kids today. It was so much fun she didn't wanna stop.

Now she was holding herself openly as she wandered around Chinju forest. It was dark and quiet here, usually people didn't hang around.

"Oh, gotta go, gotta go, uh-oh..." She stopped in her tracks to do a little potty dance. She was trying so hard not to leak; if she did she'd have to change her bandages again.

She found a nice spot off the main path behind a tree. Quickly she loosened the bandages under her skirt, trying so, so hard not to leak on them. As soon as she pulled her bandages aside just enough to expose her pussy, piss rushed out of her before she even had the chance to squat down. She spread her legs quickly and decided just to pee standing. 'Hahh..." She let out a nice sigh of relief as she leaned against the tree and stuck her hips forward to direct the stream, a strong stream of piss that sprayed about a couple feet in front of her and puddled in the grassy dirt.

Yoimiya giggled. It was fun standing to pee, creating little rivers in the dirt. And it felt so, so good after waiting so long. She had long since admitted to herself how much she enjoyed it. Perhaps lately she had been drinking a little more, waiting a little longer, on purpose. Just for this feeling~.

Her giggling stopped abruptly when she heard a rustle in the bushes.

"H-huh? Who's there?"

No response... Maybe just an animal?

She couldn't stop peeing even if she wanted to, so she just kept going and hoped she would be done quickly.

Finally her stream weakend and came to an end, punctuated by one last little trickle. That last little bit that came out always felt the best... Her eyes watered and she moaned a little bit.

When she was done she shook her hips to dry herself best she could and rearranged her bandages. She admired the large puddle she'd made in the dirt before skipping away humming a song.

*

...The traveler hadn't meant to watch.

She had been out gathering sakura blooms when she heard Yoimiya approach. She was about to say hi when suddenly Yoimiya lifted her skirt and started fiddling with her bandages... The traveler quickly hid out of panic.

And from her hiding spot she saw everything.

What an amazing sight... Damn, she really shouldn't be watching this... But what an amazing sight! Watching Yoimiya standing to piss, a cheeky smile plastered on her face as she did it, how much she was clearly enjoying herself... So cute. So hot.

The traveler inched forward just a tad to try to see a little better--and snapped a twig. When Yoimiya startled, traveler froze in place. She absolutely could not get caught here doing this... this was really bad...! She held her breath, hoped her pounding heart wouldn't give her away. But luckily Yoimiya didn't pay it much mind.

Once Yoimiya had left, the traveler crawled out from her hiding place and leaned against a tree. She let out a huge sigh of relief at not being caught. She'd never done anything like that before. Such a bad thing she had done, spying on her friend. So bad! So exhilarating! Dammit, she was so turned on. So turned on it hurt.

She could still see Yoimiya's mark in the dirt not yet completely seeped into the rich soil.

She slipped a hand underneath her skirt into her bloomers...

_____

