Abby: Business Trip Agony

Author: Kayn

*000*2022-01-19 01:43

It’s been a long time since I posted my last story about Kate’s desperate interview

. Been pretty inactive since then because I’ve been so busy, but I finally got around to writing another story.

It’s a rather long one, so I’m gonna post it in parts, just so it’s easier for me. Here is the first part for now, I’ll be adding the rest below in the coming days/weeks.

Ok enough talk, enjoy!

Abby: Business Trip Agony

Part 1

Early morning company meetings were almost always a dull affair. For 24-year-old Abigail Moore, today was no different as she sat at the large desk with her many colleagues and higher-ups, wondering how much longer she’d have to endure this boredom until she could get out of the stuffy meeting room. It was always the same: the same bosses and executives sprouting the same old information with the same old charts and graphs showing the same old data. Abby practically had the whole thing memorized by now. And yet for some reason, no one thought to put a stop to them, so here they were, sitting through it yet again.

Abby was at least glad that she had her cup of coffee on hand. With nothing else to do, she found herself taking sip after sip as she listened to the endless droning of presenters up front. It wasn’t even her first cup of the day; she’d had a cup of hot coffee back at home, then bought a large Starbucks iced coffee on her drive to work, which she had promptly finished by the time she had pulled into the parking lot. Not long after, as soon as the morning meeting was called, the first thing she had done was go to the break room so she could pour herself some more into the largest cup that she could find. To say Abby liked coffee would be quite an understatement; by this point, it was practically her life-blood.

Even with all this caffeine pumping through her veins, the endless monologues threatened to put her to sleep. She thought back to when she had first started working at this company two months ago, how she had sat eagerly on the edge of her chair, not wanting to miss a single word of the discussions out of a desire to be the best at her job. Her colleagues had joked around at her attentiveness, betting how long she would go before she lost all interest like the rest of them, even though she had insisted she wouldn’t. So much for that, Abby thought amusedly, her attention all but non-existent as she absentmindedly watched a fly crawling up the wall in front of her.

It wasn’t that she didn’t like her job; she’d worked very hard in college and gone through many interviews and internships to land her position as a financial advisor at this firm, and outside the dreadful meetings, it was a job she very much liked. Since she had started two months ago, she’d been assigned to shadow one of the older female employees, Renee Wilkins.

At 40 years of age, Renee was a kind but firm woman who has had much success at the job, and was a figure often looked up to at the workplace. In just the two months she had worked with her, Abby had already learned a great deal, eager as she ever was to learn from the best. Meanwhile, Mrs. Wilkins had developed a growing liking for Abby and her enthusiasm, something which Abby was very happy about. This growing relation had led to the two women working very well together, with Mrs. Wilkins leading at the helm and Abby as her protégé following in her footsteps. As eager as she had been to work independently, Abby had found herself enjoying Mrs. Wilkins’ company as they traveled from client to client in their daily endeavors.

Lost in her thoughts, she took another sip from her coffee as she wondered what would be in store for the day. Mrs. Wilkins often had her start by making calls to the day’s list of clients, a task which she was now trusted to do unguided. Whenever there were bigger and more important clients, though, they would leave the office together for a face-to-face meeting. Mrs. Wilkins had often taken the lead in these, especially in the beginning when she would do most of the talking, but slowly but surely Abby had been given a bigger role in them as her confidence grew. It wasn’t long before she had been put in the driver’s seat, given the chance to do most of the talking while her mentor simply provided support on the side.

Before she could do any of that, though, first she had to get out of this meeting room. Glancing down at her phone, she checked the time to see how much longer this would take, sighing in annoyance when she realized they were only halfway through, with at least another thirty minutes left. This time, though, it wasn’t just the boredom that was bothering her; all her morning coffee was starting to make their way down to her bladder, which was now sending up signals of need. It wasn’t terribly urgent, but still an annoyance, nonetheless. Maybe it’ll help me stay awake, Abby figured; she could use all the help she could get.

She glanced towards the front of the table where Mrs. Wilkins was sitting. Even she looked bored, resting her chin on her hand with her elbow propped up on the table. Abby picked up her coffee cup, realized it was empty, and set it back down, wishing she had more. With nothing else to do, she began picking at her clothes, running her fingers down her black blouse and rubbing her palms along her tight white jeans. Looking below the table, she admired her knee-length black velvet boots, a pair she was quite fond of. The attire was more casual than what she usually wore, but she was still able to pull off an elegant and professional look. She crossed her legs as she settled down to wait out the rest of the dull affair.

It certainly felt like forever, but at long last, the discussions were wrapped up and the meeting was called to an end, much to everyone’s happiness. Abby uncrossed her legs and stood up eagerly, glad to finally be able to get out of this room and get back to doing some real work. But first, she needed to visit the Ladies room where she could finally go answer the calls from her bladder, which had grown quite insistent in the past half hour. Considering the copious amounts of coffee she had consumed, this wasn’t unexpected, and she hadn’t had a chance to use the toilet since she’d come into the office.

Throwing her empty coffee cup into the trash, Abby joined the swarm of people heading out of the room, then turned left into the hallway and headed in the direction of the restrooms. She had hardly gone ten steps, however, when she heard her name ringing out from behind her.

“Abby!”

Turning around, Abby saw Mrs. Wilkins walking briskly towards her, phone in one hand and purse in the other. Clearly in a hurry, she wasted no time in launching into speech as soon as she got close: “Listen, Abby, I just got a call from Michael Lee. He said they need to have a meeting with us in one hour to discuss something urgent. We have to leave now to make it on time.” She gestured at her watch, then turned and began walking back down the corridor. “Go grab your stuff from the office and meet me outside. Quickly!” With that, before Abby could even get a word out, Mrs. Wilkins raced off towards the exit.

For a second Abby stood there, still processing Mrs. Wilkin’s words. Mr. Lee was the manager of a very important client of the firm that was being managed by Mrs. Wilkins. Clearly something had come up that needed to be sorted out immediately, lest they wouldn’t have called a meetup at such short notice. Given what a valuable client they were to the firm, Mrs. Wilkins’ hurry was understandable; showing up late and not resolving the issue quickly would set a terrible impression, and could even prove disastrous if the company decided to switch to another firm instead.

Abby was certainly not about to let that happen. Thoughts of using the bathroom all but forgotten, Abby quickly turned on her heels and hurried to her office. She wasted no time picking up her purse and some files containing important documents, before dashing back out and heading towards the front of the building.

*004*2022-01-26 00:41

Part 2

Outside, Abby found Mrs. Wilkins waiting by the curb, a taxi sitting right behind her. Upon seeing Abby coming out of the building, she gestured her over before climbing into the back seat. Abby clambered in after her, shutting the door as Mrs. Wilkins barked orders at the driver.

“We’re heading to the train station,” her boss explained as they drove off from the office. “Can’t risk the city traffic, we definitely won’t make it on time.” She had a point; the client’s office was outside the city on the opposite side, and snaking their way through the congested city streets would take half a day.

“Here, take a look through these,” Mrs. Wilkins said, shoving a folder of documents onto Abby’s lap. “These are the things he mentioned, so make sure you remember them…” Abby shuffled through the papers as Mrs. Wilkins explained what was going on and what they needed to do to resolve the issue at hand. They often had these briefing sessions in the office prior to leaving, but the sudden and urgent nature of the matter had left them no choice but to do their planning in the tight space at the back of their cab. It proved as good a place as any, even if they had to juggle their files on their laps as the car bumped and lurched its way to their destination.

By the time they finished their discussions, the cab was already pulling into the train station. “Right, here we are.” Mrs. Wilkins quickly shoved the papers back to their folders before scrambling out onto the pavement, with Abby following suit right behind her, her purse swinging from her right shoulder.

As she stepped out into the warm summer sunlight, near the station entrance which was bustling with people hurrying to catch their train, Abby was finally able to clear her mind from their slog in the cab. It was then, as she stood waiting for Mrs. Wilkins to pay the cab driver, that she suddenly realized how much her bladder had filled during the drive. She hadn’t been paying attention to it before, but there was definitely no ignoring it now. It had only been about twenty minutes since she’d walked out of the meeting room back at the office, but in that time her urinary urge had increased alarmingly fast, certainly faster than she had expected. She shifted uncomfortably in place as she felt the weight of her bladder pressing down, suddenly wondering if she’d have time to nip to the train station bathroom before getting on the train.

“Abby, let’s go!” Mrs. Wilkins had finished up with the cab driver, and hurriedly beckoned Abby towards the station entrance. Abby followed her into the building, walking quickly to keep up with Mrs. Wilkins’ pace. It was cooler inside, the echoes of hundreds of people talking and the sound of shuffling feet bouncing all around in a wave of noise. Without pause, Mrs. Wilkins made her way to the stairs leading down to the underground subway, Abby scurrying after her.

Her hopes of using the station bathrooms were already disappearing; given the rush that her boss was in, there was no way that she would wait around for Abby to take a comfort break, not when one of her most important clients’ business was at stake. Nevertheless, as they made their way to the bottom of the staircase, Abby couldn’t help but look longingly towards the doors that stood to her left: the restrooms. Her eyes glanced over the Ladies room symbol on the door, a sight which only elicited a pang from her bladder, urging her to go in. But she knew she couldn’t; it would be very unprofessional, and they simply did not have the time.

Besides, it’s not like she couldn’t wait a bit longer. The train ride would take about thirty minutes, but that was more than manageable, even if her need had become a little urgent. She’d been through worse before, so she was confident this wouldn’t be a problem. I’ll just wait until we get to the office, she thought. I can use the restroom there. With that, she pushed the issue out of her mind and dashed after Mrs. Wilkins, who was already making her way towards the parked train.

“This should be the one – line C,” Mrs. Wilkins said when Abby caught up to her, gesturing to the train in front of them. The electronic lettering display on the train did indeed read “Line C” on it. The two of them made their way over to the train doors and stepped into the compartment within. The car was mostly empty, allowing them to find seats with relative ease. They picked a spot on the side opposite the doors, Mrs. Wilkins opting to take the window seat while Abby sat next to her by the aisle.

“Hopefully this won’t take too long,” Mrs. Wilkins muttered, glancing at her watch. Abby could tell she was worried, and understandably so. Train schedules tended to be very unpredictable, often being delayed at the worst possible times. As they sat and waited, they could only hope this wouldn’t be one of them.

One by one, the minutes passed, people from the station continued boarding the train, and the doors remained open. With every passing moment, Abby could feel Mrs. Wilkins getting more and more agitated, tapping her feet as she looked about. Abby was mirroring her boss in her agitation and foot tapping, but for an altogether different reason: her increasing need to urinate was now at the forefront of her mind, and there was nothing she could do to distract herself as they sat waiting. To make matters worse, the station restroom doors were directly in her view from her seat, and she could do nothing but watch wishfully as other women walked in for relief.

Five minutes went by, and still the train doors remained open. “Damn it, what’s taking so long?” asked a visibly annoyed Mrs. Wilkins, glaring out the window trying to see what was going on up ahead. Abby was starting to wonder the same thing. Feet still tapping against the gray metal floor, she glanced up and down the aisle, trying to see what was happening, but saw nothing of interest. “I’m sure it won’t be long,” she suggested, trying to sound reassuring. It was mostly just a hopeful statement, though, because she truly had no idea how much longer it would be, and she was really just trying to reassure herself. With the pressure from her bladder becoming an increasingly pressing matter, she needed to get to a bathroom quickly, and that depended entirely on the speed of this train.

As five minutes slowly turned into ten, Abby was starting to rue her decision not to visit the station bathroom. She could’ve easily used it and come back in the time that they had been sitting there doing nothing; hell, she could’ve gone three times and come back with time to spare. Maybe I can still go, Abby thought, looking meaningfully at the bathroom doors. If I make a run for it, I might just make it. It would be a risky move, though, and should the train leave while she was outside, she would never make it to the meeting on time. Still, she couldn’t shake the thought as she sat there, contemplating whether the risk would be worth it. Her foot tapping had already evolved to a rhythmic bouncing of her right leg as her bladder continued to fill at a very rapid rate. Even if she were to go, she’d have to ask Mrs. Wilkins first, and given her irritated state, Abby wasn’t sure if she was willing to do that.

However, the longer they sat there, the more worried Abby was becoming. She could hardly take her eyes off the bathroom door, which seemed to be almost calling out to her. She was alarmed to find herself already reaching a state of desperation, and she certainly wasn’t fond of the idea of being locked in an increasingly delayed train with a bladder that was clearly very much against her. One look at her phone confirmed that they’d now been waiting for fifteen minutes; clearly, this train wasn’t moving anywhere anytime soon, so surely it would be okay for her to step off for just two minutes, right? After one last glance around, she made up her mind: it was time for some quick action.

She turned towards Mrs. Wilkins, who was sitting with her brow furrowed in frustration and impatience, taking a deep breath as she prepared to ask her if it would be alright if she stepped off the train for a quick minute. She had hardly opened her mouth to speak, however, when suddenly there was a loud hiss from the train and a rumble as it came to life. Abby turned her head just in time to see the sliding car door come to a close, firmly shutting off her access to the station floor and the bathroom beyond.

Of course, just my damn luck, Abby thought, heart sinking as she realized her final opportunity for relief had slipped away for good. As the train prepared to finally get moving, she realized she’d have no choice but to grit her teeth and hold it in until the train arrived at their destination. She could only hope that it would be a quick journey.

*009*2022-02-06 03:05

Glad to see you guys like it so far!

I finally got the next part done, so here it is.

Part 3

Despite Abby’s disappointment at missing her chance at relief, Mrs. Wilkins was quite glad that the train had finally decided to get moving. “About time,” she said under her breath, glancing at her watch again. It was now 8:30AM, half an hour since they’d left the office. Mr. Lee hadn’t explicitly given them a time for the meeting, merely urging them to arrive as soon as possible, but every minute counts when trying to maintain the reputation of the firm.

While Abby was also worried about making the meeting on time, her worsening biological urge had now become her primary concern as she felt the need building up quickly inside her. Now that her bladder’s fate was at the hands of this train, she was getting quite anxious, and it was difficult to not think about how badly she had to pee. For some damn reason, there were no toilets on these trains, so until they got to the next station, she had no way to relieve herself at all. She thought back to how she had neglected to use the bathroom at home before she left for work, realizing too late what a stupid decision that had been.

She was now going on three and a half hours since she’d used a toilet, and in that time she had consumed three huge cups of coffee and a bottle of water. That was over a liter of liquid sloshing around in her body. A lot of it had already reached her bladder, making its presence felt quite strongly, but most of the fluids were yet to make its way through. Abby’s desperation was only going to get much worse.

The two women may have been in a hurry, but the train clearly was not. Even after the doors had closed, it was another five minutes before it finally lurched forward with a screech.

“Good lord, at this rate we’ll be there at midnight,” Mrs. Wilkins muttered, looking out the window as the train slowly pulled out of the station. “Maybe we should’ve just taken the taxi there.”

“At least we’re moving now,” Abby said. This was true enough, but as the train left the station and entered into the dark tunnel, it became painfully obvious that it was not going anywhere nearly as fast as a train should. They couldn’t have been going any more than 15mph, which was only about half the normal speed. Abby kept waiting for a boost of acceleration to propel them faster towards their destination, but it never came.

“Why are we going so slow?” Mrs. Wilkins muttered exasperatedly after a couple minutes of this. Abby was wondering the same thing, but had no answer. “I’m sure we’ll pick up speed soon.” Another self-reassuring hopeful thought, without any idea whether or not it would be true.

Whatever the case, they had no control over what happened at this point, so they had no choice but to trudge along in silence. Usually Mrs. Wilkins was quite chatty during their travels, and Abby was accustomed to their regular bouts of small talk on their way to visit clients. She seemed to be in no mood for that today, though, clearly preoccupied with their dilemma. With nothing to do or say, Abby listened to the rhythmic sound of the train on the tracks, trying to draw her focus from the ever-increasing pressure in her abdomen.

She looked out the window of the train, but there was nothing much to see other than the dark wall of the underground tunnel passing by. The occasional LED light outside would reveal the boring gray color of the cement before it faded off into the darkness again.

No matter how she tried to distract herself, her mind was always pulled back to the increasingly persistent calls by her bladder. Her need to pee was worsening rapidly, and she was well past the point of being able to ignore it. The burning between her legs was now at the forefront of her mind, intruding over everything else. She crossed her legs and swung her right leg back and forth, although she was doing her best to pass it off as nonchalant behavior. No matter how badly she had to go, the last thing she wanted was to act like a child in front of her boss.

However, things were really starting to get pretty bad for poor Abby. It was about ten minutes after they left the station that she felt the first wave of desperation hit her. It came suddenly, almost catching her off guard. She pressed her thighs together tightly as it happened, leaning forward slightly in her seat and biting her lips as she clenched her muscles, waiting for it to pass. It subsided slowly, but even as it ebbed away, Abby became aware of just how much her desperation had worsened. She ran her hands up and down her jiggling thighs, glancing out the window and getting increasingly frustrated at their lack of speed. Why was it that the one time she needed to get somewhere quickly, everything was slow?

Come on, dammit, hurry up and move faster already! Abby fumed inwardly at the train. The vehicle was largely unfazed by her exclamations and merely trudged along at the same slow speed. She pursed her lips in agitation, stifling a groan as she endured the increasingly frequent pangs from her bladder. This was going to be a long ride.

She’d now been holding for four hours now, and she was well and truly desperate by this point. Even when she was busy at work, she would always take a moment to go use the bathroom when she reached this level of urgency. If only she had that option now. Why couldn’t they have put some damn toilets on this train? Abby thought, suddenly feeling very irritated at the subway service for not putting basic facilities on a train with such long trip durations.

Her hopes of any improvement to the train speed were in vain. For the next fifteen minutes, the train rumbled along at the same modest pace, a pace that only added more and more time to their commute. At this rate, what was supposed to be a thirty minute trip was quickly turning into an hour, maybe longer, a realization which added to Abby’s anxiety. God, I hope I can wait that long. It was going to be seriously difficult though. Even a thirty minute trip would’ve felt like an eternity in her current state; an hour or longer seemed impossibly long. She crossed her right leg over her left as her bladder made another strong push against her urethra, furiously demanding to be emptied. She defiantly tightened the muscles in her thighs, bobbing her crossed legs up and down as she mentally willed her desperation to subside. Once again the force of her bladder slowly waned, but the dull pressure at her crotch only grew stronger. Mhhmphh…

Her light brown eyes were ripe with worry, darting this way and that as she looked around helplessly, trying to find anything else to focus on. At least the carriage was relatively empty, so there were less people to witness her desperate squirming. The last thing she wanted was to draw attention while struggling with such a private dilemma. Her thighs swung side-to-side, producing a rustling sound as the fabric of her jeans rubbed against the leather seat. In, out, in, out, steady like a metronome.

As long as she kept up the movement, she could just about hold back the desperation, at least for now. With nothing else to do, she fished her phone of her bag, figuring she’d scroll through social media to distract herself, only to find that she had no signal down here in the tunnel. Annoyed, she dropped the device back inside and let out a tension-filled sigh. She was just going to have to endure her bladder’s urgent protests for the duration of the trip, however long that may be. On and on they went, the train trudging along at the same frustrating pace, while Abby tried to stay positive as she waited. It won’t be long, she told herself. We’ll be there soon, I’ll be okay…

As her knees bobbed up and down rapidly, she checked her phone for what must’ve been the twentieth time, looking at the time on her lock screen, watching the minutes tick by. It was 9:10AM now, thirty minutes since the train had left the station, and yet they weren’t even halfway to their destination. To make things worse, her desperation had kicked up to a new level, plunging her even deeper into her misery. Abby kept regretfully thinking back to when they were at the station, how she had walked right past the bathroom. God, why didn’t I just go in? she thought ruefully, angry at herself for her oversight. It had been right there, it would’ve been so quick, and she could’ve avoided this whole ordeal. Yet here she was, unrelieved and more desperate than ever, squirming in her seat next to her boss, who thankfully was preoccupied with her own thoughts to notice Abby’s plight.

“This is unbelievable,” Mrs. Wilkins said, shaking her head as she looked at her watch, realizing how late they were running for their meeting. “I really hope Mr. Lee won’t be too upset with us.” Abby nodded absentmindedly, but the truth was she hardly cared what happened to the meeting at this point. With the rapidly expanding balloon of pee inside her pushing harder and harder to escape, she simply couldn’t focus on anything other than holding back the growing flood inside her. Her legs were shaking nonstop, the movement now the only thing keeping her underwear dry.

Oh my god… A pained expression came across Abby’s face as a surge of desperation worse than all the previous ones overcame her; shoving her thighs together yet again, she leaned forward in her seat, her hands pressing her legs as she bounced her knees even harder, fighting her bladder with every bit of energy she could muster. It lasted for almost 30 seconds, although it felt so much longer, and somehow Abby held on without a leak.

Oh, this is getting so bad, Abby thought apprehensively, swinging her legs with more vigor as she felt the force from her bladder growing even stronger. Her face was flushed from her efforts, and there was serious concern in her eyes now. And yet, trapped inside this toilet-less train, there was nothing she could do, her only option being to hang on and hope she could wait long enough.

The two businesswomen sat in their seats with worry lining their faces, an aura of tension swirling about them. They had taken a lot of trips in their time together, but this was certainly not one of the better ones. They sat in silence as the train crawled along, listening to the hum of the engine reverberating through the compartment. Abby closed her eyes, trying not to let her impatience get the better of her; their going was slow, but at least they were moving. All she had to do was just hang on, because eventually they would get there. They had to. Mmphh… c’mon, hurry up, hurry up…

For fifteen minutes, the train chugged along as Abby sat waiting impatiently for this miserable ride to come to an end.

And then, suddenly and without warning, the air filled with a loud hiss and screech, and the train began slowing down. Abby, who had been staring at the ground in front of her intently, focused entirely on holding back the contents of her bladder, looked up immediately to see the reason for the deceleration. Just for a second, she was filled with elation that they had finally reached the station at long last, and her long desperate wait was finally over. But the emotion fluttered out almost at once when she looked out the window, and saw not a train station, but the same gray concrete walls surrounding them. They still hadn’t arrived; in fact, they were nowhere near it.

But now the confusion was setting in, as people around the cabin began glancing around perplexedly, wondering why the train had come to a grinding halt in the middle of nowhere. “Oh, what is it now?” snapped Mrs. Wilkins, who just seemed more frustrated than confused.

Her question was answered almost immediately. The loudspeaker crackled to life, and a female voice boomed out through the compartment. “Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. We apologize for the delays and the slow speed of the train. Unfortunately, some damage has been found on the tracks and must be repaired before we can continue. Once the construction is complete, we will resume shortly. Thank you for your patience, and we hope you have a great day.”

Murmurs of discontent echoed throughout the carriage as people heard the news of this additional delay. No one, however, was more upset about it than Abby. You’ve got to be kidding me! She had to bite her lips to stop herself from audibly cursing. Why did this have to happen now?! It seemed as if someone was purposely putting her through this misery, trying to get her to wet her pants. Every other time she’d gone on the train, it had been quick and painless, but of course the one time she desperately needed to use the toilet, the tracks end up breaking! It was just her own rotten luck. Next to her, Mrs. Wilkins shook her head and slumped back in her seat, seemingly giving up on any hope that they would get to the office anytime soon. “Unbelievable…” she muttered under her breath.

Abby took a deep, shaky breath, trying not to panic and doing her best to console herself. It’s okay, she thought to herself. I’m sure they’ll fix it quickly and we’ll get moving again soon. It’s probably just some minor damage. No matter what she told herself, though, it was impossible to shake the feeling of apprehension that had settled in her chest. The train may have stopped, but her bladder was certainly not going to take a break. Just knowing that she was now stuck on a stationary train in an underground tunnel with no possible escape made her desperation so much worse. She could only pray it wouldn’t take too long; unfortunately for her, the city subway service wasn’t exactly known for getting things done quickly…

*014*2022-02-13 03:02

{{On 2/6/2022 at 11:37 AM, rfthawne said:

I'm starting to wonder if Mrs. Wilkins has to pee as well and is just talking about the meeting as a cover.

}}

I actually thought about doing that, but in the end decided not to. I figured if Abby was all alone in her predicament, it would make it even worse for her.

That being said, I'm not opposed to the idea of a sequel for Mrs. Wilkins in the future...
