Pick me

Author: kwamem

*000*2025-08-21 18:42

Part 1.

Valerie, Lillian, Matthew, and Sylvie had known each other since their freshman year of college, but they only really became friends in their senior year. It's an understatement to say that they just became friends. They were a foursome, as they say, "joined at the hip".

And after graduating from college, their solidarity did not melt away, as usually happens with students, but quite the opposite.

They got jobs in completely different companies, and even lived in different areas. But at the same time, they all lived their lives within Big Marseille, so they could meet every weekend. And they did, and not only on weekends.

They thought they knew everything about each other and had no secrets. Well, almost none. After all, everyone has something intimate. But otherwise, they hid nothing from each other.

Their hobbies were completely different too. Lillian became interested in studying wines and brandies. No, no, not in the sense that he started to drown in a bottle. He was interested in it as an interpreneur. He seriously dreamed of entering the business of his uncle, who had his own wineries and was quite successful.

Matthew continued his childhood passion, a music. While still in college, he bought an electric guitar and began to experiment with sound. He also spent a lot of time in the gym. He seriously began to sculpt his body, as if he had set a goal to become a model or a stripper. Although in reality, he had no such thoughts.

In six months he had achieved something in this. Not only the girls, but even Lillian's jaw dropped when they saw him on the summer beach. Sylvie had been excited by his example, and she also began to frequent the gym. In six months she was already be able a full chinese split.

Valerie devoted herself entirely to her favorite job. At the local TV studio, she was responsible for popularizing local history. She dug into archives, traveled to remote corners of France, interviewed different people. She enjoyed live communication and public speaking.

Sylvie had been interested in contemporary art all her adult life, and now she decided to try her hand at technical graphics. In the studio where she enrolled, she got a respect. This gave her confidence in her future, and she was drawn to it even more.

In short, they had no common interests. However, they were drawn to each other by something mystically inexplicable. When they met, their consciousnesses seemed to intersect, each looked into the soul of the other, opening their own. Any sadness, desire, fear, anxiety, indecision or any feeling found immediate support and consolation. It was as if they were reading each other's thoughts.

Sometimes some of them thought that this was not quite normal. There was some subtle, incomprehensible mysticism in it. It was such a fantastic experience. Each realized that they did not know anyone who had gone through something similar. It was like touching something so mysterious and inexplicable that they did not even want to think about it. Gradually, this feeling began to come into their consciousness more and more often. Some felt it earlier, some later. Having accepted and realized it, they began to value it as a common treasure. And then the fear of losing it came to them.

Maybe it was because of these fears that they never formed two couples. It seems incredible, but during entire college career this only happened once, when Lillian had sex with Valerie. It happened right at her house, after a party, a week before prom. They were tipsy then. The next morning, after sobering up, they had a difficult talk. Valerie raised the question point-blank: are they just four friends or two couples. But then it turned out that none of the four were eager to change anything. Even Lillian then began to babble something in his own defense. His friends immediately brought him back to reality, to that wonderful reality where each of the four is responsible to each other, and no one has to justify themselves. After that conversation, everyone thought that the issue was closed.

A couple of months after that, Matthew casually mentioned that he now had Catherine. The other three shrugged and sighed sadly. At first, Matthew almost disappeared from radars, but then he began to join the group more and more often. They asked him about the girl, wondering why he hadn’t introduced her. Finally, he invited her to some party, and the friends found her nice and quite adequate, if a little simple. That was the only time they saw her.

###

A little over a year passed, and Valerie suggested spending the next vacation together. Her plan was grandiose. Take a car and travel around the entire country in 2 weeks. Of course, she had her own personal goal, to show her friends what a cool tour guide she was.

"We'll leave Paris by the wayside," she warned, "especially each of us has already been there."

"That's a great idea!" Sylvie agreed, "I'll finally have a reason to drive. I just got my license."

"Which car are we taking, a four- or a five-seater?" Valerie asked and looked at Matthew. Of course, she meant the question if Catherine will go. Matthew thought for a moment and replied that yes, definitely yes, she would go.

But when everyone gathered at the designated spot early Saturday morning, Matthew showed up alone. He mumbled some excuse about Catherine, like she couldn't take a vacation or something. But it sounded like "leave me alone," and no one bothered him.

###

Cannes greeted them with joyful sunshine and streets full of cars. Sylvie was the first to volunteer to be the driver. She was comfortable on the highway, but on the narrow city streets she almost created a cause for a Euro-protocol. Fortunately, everything worked out.

"Until you try it yourself, you'll never learn," her friends told her in unison. It sounded funny and convincing.

Valerie had done her best. Her first excursion to the outskirts of Cannes was a successful debut. The four of them had walked a long way and sat down at a street cafe. Sylvie watched the three friends sipping their beers in a relaxed manner. They still had a short drive to Nice, where they had a hotel booked for the night.

"Are you jealous of us?" Valerie remarked.

"Don't worry, in Nice you'll have every chance to take revenge," said Matthew laughing.

A couple of hours later, the cheerful company had already received the keys to the hotel rooms. Valerie tried to make their first stop impressive. The hotel in Nice was the most expensive on her list.

Perhaps it was even too posh. Sylvie, who was the most tired of all, was really eager to take her revenge. After finishing the light snack, she pulled her friends to the pool tables. They reserved one table for four, and the bartender brought a mug of beer for each.

They were enjoying the beginning of their holiday. Especially because it was only the beginning, and they were already feeling so easy and so good. The beer, sip by sip, was quickly melting in their mugs. Then they each ordered another mug. Time was in no hurry. They did not look at their watches. Especially Matthew, a tall broad-shouldered blond, had already started working on his fourth mug, while the girls were just starting their second.

When the paid pool time was up, their first game was already over. They sat down at the table and started chatting about various topics. The bartender appeared to ask if they would extend the time. Or maybe some more beer?

"Yes, of course," replied Matthew. "Another hour of play and another mug of beer for each."

Suddenly Lillian objected sharply: “Maybe that’s enough beer for us today?”

It was unexpected. He didn't say he was giving up his beer, he said it for everyone.

"Why?" Valerie asked in surprise.

"We're taking a risk," he announced mysteriously.

The bartender looked patiently from one to the other, not understanding whether he should leave or whether these four would quickly come to an agreement and bring him additional revenue.

Valerie looked at him with a blank, uncomprehending gaze.

"Remember, back then...," Lillian explained, "Too much beer led to . . . you know what." He didn't even turn to Valerie when he said it. However, everyone knew what he meant.

"Lillian!" Sylvie looked at the boy reproachfully. "Are you still fixated on this?"

"Hey , friend! Wake up, our vacation has started! Get on board soon!" Valerie supported.

"I'm fine," Lillian waved off.

Everyone looked at each other and fell silent. The bartender realized it seeming too serious here and left empty-handed.

Sylvie looked sadly after him. At that moment she really needed to go to the toilet, but she was even more worried about the conversation that had started. Both girls were hooked on the fact that their magical friendship was under threat again.

"So do you think some beer can do something to us that we don't want it to do?" Valerie asked heatedly, continuing to glare at him.

"If there is enough beer, then it is quite possible," he said.

He was serious and stubborn.

At that moment, Sylvie looked around shyly and stood up from her seat.

"I'll be out for a couple of minutes," she announced.

As she left, she turned around and said to Lillian, "Listen. Just tell me. If you haven't closed this issue for yourself . . . then maybe we can discuss it again?"

"Well, let's discuss it," Lillian sighed.

"Then I'll stay," Sylvie announced. She cast a dreamy glance toward the toilet, but returned to her seat. Her fingers crossed and began to clench nervously.

Lillian watched her hands and felt awkward. He imagined how much she must need to go to the toilet. Like Valerie, who had drunk even more than him. The situation was weighing on him, and he found it not entirely fair.

"Friends, I don't see what there is to discuss. I didn't lie to you then. I didn't have a crush on Valerie. And I don't want our friendly company to break up. That's why I suggest we stop in time and not start falling into a drunken haze. Just to control the situation."

"Okay then!" Valerie placed her hand on her hip, subtly massaging her kidney. "I'll be honest, you didn't sound very convincing. Was it just me?" She looked at the others.

"Me too," Matthew confirmed, "If there is no situation, what is to control then?"

"Exactly. It's unclear and unconvincing," Sylvie added.

Lillian looked at his friends and felt like he was turning into some kind of target. He was being unceremoniously forced to sort out his thoughts and feelings. Right now.

"Well ," he sighed. "I can see we're heading for a fight and ruining our vacation. Maybe it's not worth it? I'm willing to do anything to make you believe me."

"Then just relax. Have another beer and share the evening with us," Sylvie asked.

"That's not enough," Matthew countered, "What's the point of watching someone pretend? He has to be honest with us, and with himself as well."

At this point, Sylvie clasped her fingers together with renewed force, so that the knuckles clicked. She looked around again and bit her lip slightly. She was sitting directly opposite Lillian, and he felt a slight numbness as he watched her.

"Well then, come up with a test for me, friend!" he threw at Matthew.

Matthew rolled his eyes and exclaimed cheerfully, "For example, you take a night with Sylvie!"

"Oh! What an idea!" Valerie cried happily. "Lillian, how about that?"

Lillian looked at Matthew, then at Valerie, and shook his head as if he wanted to wake up.

Sylvie felt a little humiliated. No one even looked at her or asked her anything. As if she was someone . . . anyone could take a night with. She just opened her mouth, beside herself with anger. But she couldn't even say anything.

Valerie looked at her and noticed it. Well, well! After two years of experience of understanding each other with half a word.

"What's wrong?" she asked, frightened. "Matt was joking."

Sylvie looked sternly at Matthew, which made him look serious too. Then she began to look at Lillian.

"What if I agree?!" Sylvie suddenly blurted out.

Matthew chuckled awkwardly, thinking she was playing along. But Sylvie continued to stare at Lillian, and Matthew fell silent, confused.

"Yes, I'm serious," she said seriously. In case anyone else didn't get it.

Then she looked at each of her friends and repeated again: "Yes, yes. I'm serious."

"I'm taken aback by your reaction. You're kind of weird. To be honest," Lillian said darkly.

"You . . . what are you talking about? What were you got thought there!? I just trust you!" Sylvie was indignant. She looked at the guy with a slight reproach. "Yes, I really want to save our company. I'm ready to do a lot for this."

It is impossible to describe her voice in words. Only she could speak like that out of the four. Her voice sounded gently like a voice of a kind mom. Quiet and soft. This reproach of hers was so harmless and so sincere that Lillian only opened his mouth in embarrassment.

"Sorry," he shrugged and looked down.

He watched Valerie from under his brows, waiting for some sudden support from her, for her voice against this stupid idea. But it seemed she wasn't going to object. She was becoming a white ship for him, sailing away on a cruise he was late for. Oh, and by the way, he didn't even have a ticket.

Sylvie turned to Lillian and looked into his eyes.

"Lillian, I know. We all know . . . that you are the most serious of us."

Lillian was the middle child in a large family that was considered very respectable. But if she had said "the most insecure," which was more true, he might have taken it wrong.

"But our relationship is more than a serious issue. To resolve it, we need serious steps," she concluded.

"Yes, my friend, this is a serious step required of you," Matthew teased.

"And you, Matthew, will be required to do the same!" Sylvie protested. She was a little angry with him. "You didn't even think to ask me when you suggested it. You're such a prankster. You'll have to go to bed with Valerie, so that everything is fair."

Matthew laughed. "What's wrong with that? I'm ready."

Valerie burst into laughter and stamped her feet desperately under the table.

"Matt, you're crazy," Lillian said. "You've got a girl waiting for you at home, who you're not even married to. And you're so willing to commit adultery. You can't keep this a secret, don't you get it?"

"Different people have different ideas about true adultery, my friend," Matthew replied, "I'll tell her about it as soon as we get back. And she'll understand. If you don't believe me, I'll invite her to our gatherings, so you can ask her."

"Are you so sure about Catherine?" Lillian was surprised, "I suppose that means this has happened before."

"Really?" Valerie raised her eyebrows, "I wonder who exactly?"

"Nope. Nothing like that happened. However, yes, I'm sure about her."

"I'll go anyway," Sylvie stood up. But as she took a couple of steps, she returned.

She gripped the back of the chair with her fingers and shifted her waist, embarrassed by it but unable to stand still.

"I have an idea! We have twelve nights. Each tonight, one of us will choose a partner for the night. There are four of us, so each of us will have three choices throughout the trip."

The friends opened their mouths and fell silent.

Sylvie repeated her words in her mind and was a little stunned. She had the feeling that all this was happening outside of reality. She looked at her friends, and it seemed that they were also shocked by the incredible plan. Some more, some less. But it was so exciting! It was clear without words that everyone agreed. Even Lillian perked up a little.

"This is going to be a vacation to remember!" Valerie giggled happily. "So, do we still need more beer?"

"Yes, and more," said Lillian, unexpectedly for everyone.

"And another hour for billiards," Matthew added.

"Then I'll go and order," Sylvie said and walked away, her hips dancing obscenely as she walked.

"Don't forget to go where you really need to go!" Matthew called after her.

She glanced over her shoulder at him with a flirtatious, charming smile.

*003*2025-08-25 11:47

When they started the second game of pool, Sylvie was a little embarrassed. Her panties were wet. Her jeans were a little wet too, but it was hardly noticeable. There, in the toilet, she had a small accident. She had not managed to pull down her panties in time. Sylvie felt very unusual, she had never walked in wet panties before.

So she only occasionally picked up her mug of beer to take a sip.

However, towards the end of the game she confidently finished the next mug. And the wet panties no longer reminded her of themselves, and she began to have as much fun as the others.

Anticipating an unusual night, the friends were hanging around in the lobby near the elevator doors. Valerie invited them to her room to hold those very elections. The unusual idea was so tempting that no one suggested taking a bathroom break. Even after so much beer.

The girls carefully bent their legs at the knee, first one, then the other, trying to make it less obvious. Lillian was even more reserved. As for Matthew, he looked downright scary. He was already unsteady on his feet, and his gaze was cloudy and unpredictable.

"Why do we need to have an election?" he asked. "Wouldn't it be easier to just flip a coin? Odd will point to the junior partner, even the senior."

"What a perverse game," Lillian muttered.

"I don't think so. It's more about relationships," Sylvie countered.

"A coin is not needed. Otherwise it would really look a perversion," Valerie said. "Everyone has to make their own conscious choice."

"Exactly," Sylvie agreed, "That coin should be spinning in your mind."

"Who will choose first?" Matthew raised his eyebrows.

"Please, not me," Lillian begged. "I'm not ready today. Any other day, but not today."

"Girls, I'm translating into French!" Matthew announced loudly, "That means I managed to jerk off in the toilet while you were getting your room keys."

"Matt, stop it! You have too much beer in you!" Sylvie chided.

Matthew made a conciliatory gesture and looked at Lillian.

"Matt, by the way, this whole thing was your idea! Why not you then?" he suggested.

"Yep , that 's it easy! Let it be me!", Matthew replied, looking Valerie straight in the eye. His gaze sent a shiver down her thighs and her knee involuntarily bent. It was as if he had told her who exactly he would choose.

"Le-e-et me-e-e thi-i-ink", and he began to move his finger in the air.

At this moment the elevator doors opened. An unfamiliar young couple stood inside.

"Take your time," Valerie interrupted. "Let's finish in the room."

As soon as the company burst into Valerie's room, Matthew immediately headed to the bathroom.

"Nope, stop!" Valerie grabbed his elbow. "Make your choice first. And by the way, there's a toilet in your room too. So I would ask you to slow down".

Matthew shrugged. Sylvie, who was really counting on going to the toilet right now, wrapped her arms around her shoulders and sighed resignedly.

Valerie placed two identical vintage chairs, covered in dark varnish, next to each other and sat down.

Sylvie sat down next to her, squeezing her thighs tightly together.

"Well, Matthew, it's your turn!" Valerie announced. "We both will remain silent, just make our cute eyes at you. See as they scream: Pick me! Pick me! Well hell pick me!"

Sylvie looked up at Matthew warily. It was unlikely that her eyes intended to scream that.

Matthew slowly traced a large spiral in the air with his index finger.

"My girl tonight will be . . . you!" and he pointed sharply at Sylvie.

A sudden leak hit her panties. Sylvie leaned forward slightly to stop it. She frowned. But Matthew looked very pleased.

Sylvie stood up slowly and headed towards the exit of the room.

"I'll be waiting for you in my room!" Matt shouted, his voice slurring. "By the way, do you have any condoms with you?"

Sylvie forced herself to stop and turned around. "I don't have any. I suppose that's a gentleman's care, isn't it?"

"No problem!" Matt answered loudly. "I'll run to the store." And he took an uncertain step.

"You shouldn't go outside," said Lillian, "You'll get into trouble and your night will be wasted. Let me buy this."

"I understand. Very well, I'll do it myself the first time!" Sylvie said proudly. "And I'd like to ask you, Lillian, to take our gentleman to his room and help him take a shower. See you soon."

###

The condom shopping task came so suddenly that Sylvie forgot she was on the way to the bathroom. She remembered about this when she was at the supermarket across the street from the hotel. This network usually had a toilets, she thought. But this store didn't.

Then she spent very anxious minutes. First looking for condoms, then standing in line at the checkout. A group of young guys were right behind her. They shamelessly looked at her delicious forms, and of course noticed her desperate movements. They did not say anything out loud, only whispered to each other looking at her. She tried not to look at them and thought only about leaving that line as soon as possible.

"Mademoiselle, wait! It's yours!", Sylvie heard, already near the exit. She was almost running. Another drop leaked into her panties. She tried her best to keep her jeans dry.

She turned around. The guy from the group was catching up with her, handing her a pack of condoms she had forgotten at the checkout. There was a caustic grin on his face. Trying to be gallant, he said nothing more.

"Thank you," Sylvie took the package, her sweet face turning deeply red.

She managed to resist her body's calls all the way to the door of her room. But as soon as she inserted the key into the door, her delicate lock decided it had had enough. Sylvie felt a warm wetness on her bottom. She began to shuffle her legs and moan helplessly.

Slamming the front door, she ran to the bathroom, squatting as she ran. All she managed was to leave no marks on the carpet. But dark streams were already running down her jeans.

In the bathroom, she only had time to lift the toilet lid and pull her jeans down jerkly. A strong stream burst through her thin panties and hit the porcelain with a loud ringing sound. Sylvie carefully lowered her bottom onto the seat. She didn’t even try to get rid of her panties, she didn’t care anymore. She was shaking from the tension experienced and sighing with relief.

She hadn't had sex for a long time. For her young image, even too long. So she prepared her body to the maximum, not even thinking about Matthew is drunk and would hardly appreciate her efforts. Perfectly shaved legs and pussy. A thin line of black soft hair from the top of the pubis to the upper edge of the slit. Antiperspirant and perfume with a subtle scent . . . Oh, yeah, Matthew had to keep himself on a leash so as not to let such a fairy tale pass him by. But, alas. He had already gone beyond the line.

Wearing only a white hotel robe, she knocked on his door. When he didn't answer, she found his door unlocked and walked in. Matthew was lying on the bed, wearing a matching robe. His mouth was slightly open. He was snoring softly, his chest rising and falling, slowly and evenly.

Sylvie sat down next to him. She sat silently for a moment, then touched his shoulder. He didn't react.

She wondered if she should insist. If he woke up, would it be a good night? Probably not.

She turned off the light and carefully hid under the blanket.

*004*2025-08-27 18:56

Part 2.

In the morning, Matthew had a headache. He didn't want to wake up, but his bladder demanded to be emptied. He rolled over the edge of the bed, struggled to his feet, and locked himself in the bathroom. He didn't even notice that there was a girl lying next to him.

Sylvie watched him go, stood up and headed towards the exit of the room. They met at the door.

"Hello!" she said.

"Oh! You are here! Finally!"

"I was here all night. Imagine that!" she grinned and reproachfully straightened the lapels of his robe.

Matthew was very disappointed. He looked at her, stunned, up and down. Her robe covered her completely, only the edge of her chest was exposed. His gaze was fixed on that. He was clearly guessed there is nothing else under the robe. Her scent carried away his breath. He took the lapels of her robe and sliding hands down parted them.

She intercepted his hands, gently but firmly.

"Do you think the night is not over yet?" she asked.

"As you say," he replied, a mischievous sparkle playing in his eyes.

"I'll say no," Sylvie smiled softly, "This night is over. You missed it."

He raised his eyebrows. "Fair enough. I'm guilty. But . . . "

"Nope, no one is guilty," Sylvie shook her head. "The night just ended, that's all."

"Are you saying you don't care?"

She was a little offended by these words. But after all, she knew Matthew. He was a good guy.

"No. I wanted this. Then, tonight. And not like this at all."

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry," he said. And he tried to open her robe a little more. Sylvie shook her head sharply.

Matthew obediently removed his hands. She closed her robe tightly and tightened the belt.

"See you at breakfast," she blew him a kiss and ran out into the hallway.

She appeared at the food court in the same jeans, already clean and dry, without any traces.

Valerie and Lillian were already taking breakfast. They paused delicately for a moment, then Valerie asked:

"Did everything go well?"

Sylvie looked up at her with laughing eyes and glanced sideways at Lillian.

"Will we have an audit every morning?"

Valerie shrugged.

"Why not. It will all stay with us anyway. And everyone will find out anyway, if not today, then a bit later."

"I thought things would be a little different. What do you think about it, Lillian?"

"I don't like that idea either," he said.

"You don't understand," said Valerie, "did we start all this for carnal pleasure?"

"We wanted to sort out our relationship, that's true," Sylvie nodded, "But we could do it in pairs."

"But it's an illusion!" Valerie exclaimed, "Imagine every night you'll be discussing the partner from the previous night with someone else. Instead of continuing to get to know each other."

"You reason sounds smart," agreed Lillian, "Now I understand."

Sylvie sighed.

"Okay, I agree. I have nothing to hide about this night. But let's wait for the main character."

Matthew appeared very soon and eagerly began to eat his breakfast. Sylvie delicately informed him of the new rules for the morning conversation. Matthew even stopped eating and sat for some time with a blushed face.

"Matt, we get it," Valerie said, patting his elbow. "Something went wrong. But if I were you, I'd still confess."

"Okay, I'll tell you," the blond man shrugged, "Nothing happened. I drank too much yesterday and just slept through it all."

"Oh, come on! I don't believe it! Is that even possible?!" Valerie screamed, throwing up her hands. She was so loud that the neighboring tables noticed them.

"I'm ashamed. I'm ashamed. I'm ashamed," Matthew repeated, covering his face with his hands. He was no longer ashamed, but amused. This guy knew how to laugh at himself.

"That's 1:0 for Catherine, right, Matt?" Lillian smirked.

"Yes. You could say that," nodded Matthew. And suddenly he became thoughtful and sad.

Sylvie changed the subject and they began to discuss their route for the day.

###

That day Nice was sunny, almost cloudless, but windy. The group first walked from the hotel along the embankment. Then they jumped in the car to head to MAMAC and spend a few hours there. It was a must for Sylvie. However, the others liked it too.

The next stop was Parc Phoenix. The whole time they were walking in the park, Matthew was quiet and thoughtful, the exact opposite of how he was yesterday.

On the way out of the park, Matthew bought an ice cream for everyone. As he handed the cone to Sylvie, a greasy drop fell on her shoe. He bent down to clean it up. Then he suddenly touched Sylvie gently on the shoulder.

"It won't happen again," he said quietly.

"Oh, it's nothing!"

"That's not what I meant."

She looked at him, gently took his hand and blushed slightly.

"Everything is fine, don't worry," she replied.

His words stuck in her mind. She suddenly remembered they decided the order of main characters for each night is determined by birthday. And today it was her turn to choose. Did that mean she should choose Matthew, so that he would not dwell on his failure? Or did it mean nothing? The dilemma swirled in her head. As they raced to Grenoble, she still hadn’t decided what to do.

The hotel in Grenoble was a little less luxurious, but not bad either. The company took a short evening tour of the city center and quickly returned to while away the time in a bar. This time it was bowling.

Sylvie noticed that Matthew was very modest and hardly drank his beer. And he kept looking at her guiltily. She herself behaved more freely. It was not her style, she was just nervous, thinking about the upcoming choice.

Her room was cramped and there was only one chair, a simple soft wooden one.

Lillian immediately took half the chair. Matthew stood next to him and looked at Sylvie. Only at her, tenderly and mysteriously.

"Guys, excuse me for hold it up. But I have a suggestion," Sylvie announced. "This is about about our morning stories. I was thinking that we might respect our secrets sometimes."

Sylvie picked up two packs of different colored stickers from the table, red and green.

"Listen. Just don't laugh, okay? Now, everyone will take one red and one green sticker. Except me as I'm main player. On the green one, you write what must be done during the night. On the red one, what is prohibited under any circumstances. We roll the stickers into tubes and drop them into a glass. I choose one red and one green. In the morning, the happy couple shows their stickers. If all the instructions were followed, then nothing needs to be told. If at least one task was failed, then both must tell all the details of their night, including all the secrets that no one else knows yet."

"And what if one of them doesn't want to tell? Or both of them hide their failure. What then?" Lillian asked.

"I haven't figured it out yet, to be honest," Sylvie giggled.

"I don't think we need to invent anything. We just won't deceive each other," Valerie said.

"Do you think this will work?" Lillian questioned.

"I'm sure I can read the deception in your eyes, Lillian."

Each took a pair of pieces of paper, and went to different corners of the room.

"How many instructions can you write on one sticky note?" Lillian asked.

Sylvie thought for a second.

"Either one for both, or one for him and one for her," she decided. "We're constructed a little differently, after all."

"Yes, that's right," Lillian agreed. Valerie turned to him and giggled. She was nervous. Nothing came to her mind.

"If you don't specify a time, instructions are valid all night, from the moment you read them until the breakfast starts," Sylvie added. "Just please, don't write any impossible nonsense for the sake of a laugh."

A few minutes later, the boys were sitting awkwardly on the only chair. Sylvie appeared solemnly before them, holding a whiskey glass filled with colorful sticky notes.

Matthew looked dreamily straight at her. Pick me, pick me, pick me, his confident gaze demanded. In his mind, she was already standing naked.

But Sylvie handed the crumpled tubes to someone else.

"This night is yours, Lillian," she said quietly.

Matthew chuckled in disappointment.

"Sorry, Matt, that happens sometimes," she tilted her head towards him and smiled softly.

It seemed that Matthew was seriously disappointed. He just turned and gave his palm to the neighbor. Lillian shook his hand firmly and made a wide advertising smile in the direction of the girls, continuing to shake his hand. The girls played along, clapping their hands and stretching out a high-pitched "Ooo!"

###

It was close to midnight, and Sylvie was knocking on Lilian's door. She was entering not-her room again, dressed only in a robe over naked body, clean, fresh, smoothly-shaven and smelling wonderful. Kinda of déjà vu.

Lillian opened the door for her and immediately disappeared into the depth of the room. He climbed onto the bed and sat leaning against the headboard, not looking up at her. She quietly came over and sat down next to him, holding the hem of her robe so that it wouldn't accidentally open.

They sat in silence for a long time. Until it seemed to her that she was to blame for this silence.

"Have you ever imagined us together?" she asked timidly.

He turned to face her, raising his eyebrows as if he had just woken up.

"Together . . . you mean for a long?"

"No, no. Together in the same bed."

"Hmm, . . . I think so. Once upon a time, once or twice. And you?"

"Me too. Once or twice. And long ago too," Sylvie replied.

In real life, she rarely had to date anyone in the same bed. She had almost forgotten what it was like. So she imagined herself with almost everyone she knew even slightly.

"And what did I do there with you?" he asked.

"Mmm... I don't remember, to be honest. Do you?"

"Nah. Maybe I was just looking at you. In your eyes, at your hands, watching you move. Until . . . "

"Mmm, I see," she said. "Well, if you'd prefer it that way . . ."

"No, no. I didn't mean it that way," Lillian fussed. "I'll do it for real. I'll try, of course."

She looked at him condescendingly and also felt awkward.

"Mmm, listen. I didn't mean to force you into anything. I just wanted to ask for something. Just don't be mad at me, okay?"

"Well, speak up."

"Can I keep my robe on?" She glanced at him, trying to guess his feedback. "At least tonight," she added softly.

"Deal. As you wish," Lillian replied.

She took a small square from her robe pocket and handed it to him. "Here, take this. I bought this yesterday."

"Thanks." He took it hesitantly, as if he had forgotten what to do with it.

There was another long silence.

Despite their youth, all of them recently turning 23, physical intimacy with each other did not interest these two much. Their ordeal most probably would be a trigger for an adrenaline than endorphins.

Finally, Sylvie decided to break the silence.

"Lillian, please. Take this. I'm yours tonight. You have to make the first move."

He continued to sit at a distance from her. And he did not dare to touch her or sit closer. He nervously fiddled with the condom package between his fingers.

"Maybe we should read our assignments first?" he suggested.

"Yes, of course. Give them here."

They unrolled the paper straws, looking at each other with alarm and trepidation.

We will never know what was written on those pieces of paper. Nor how it all began for them, nor how it ended.

Because that's not what this story is about.

*005*2025-08-30 09:10

Part 3.

Yeah. This story is not about that.

And not even about who was with whom, how many times, what positions they tried, whether someone started their period during this period, whether someone refused intimacy without explanation. Not about which tasks were completed or not. And so on.

But overall, this adventure had a positive ending. Being accidentally invented, this game turned out to be so useful, they themselves did not immediately understand how cool it was.

I will say right away, running ahead, 12 nights were not enough for them. They repeated this game a year later, when their next joint vacation happened. Only for the sake of enjoying pleasant communication with each other. And as for the set goal, to understand the prospects of their friendship, the first vacation made everything clear. Their friendship will be long, most likely, very long.

And this was not the only result of their experiment. They resigned themselves that their relationship, as it is, will not be like this forever. Just as their youth will not be infinitely long.

The tasks written on the sticker notes were sometimes harmless, and sometimes quite perverse. But even after several failures, the friends did not give up on them. Each found their own meaning in it, both guys and girls. It freed them from the obsessive fear of quarreling with each other over a trifle. These tasks abolished the last taboos on personal secrets, which everyone had one way or another. After this vacation, they began to perceive these secrets as something like a chocolate bar, hidden in reserve: sooner or later, each secret will wait for its hour, then it will be taken out of the box and divided among four.

You may be outraged when reading this, what the hell is this crap? After all, the details of these 12 nights are very curious. It is simply unbearably curious, if you look at it from the outside. That is, for you and me. It is as if you were given a chance to climb into someone else's bed and remain there unnoticed until the morning. In response to this, there is a simple offer to you: turn on your imagination and invent all these nights yourself, in all the details.

But there is no need to invent just one, the fifth night. It will be described here.

This story is about how the main episode is not necessarily the essence of the story. And not even the basis for any conclusions or any moral.

In short, stock up on your favorite drinks and patience.

###

The fifth day of their journey began in Dijon, cloudy and rainy. They still tried to walk by Owl's Trail, but did not reach the end. A strong wind blew in with short rains, and this ruined their plan. Sylvie suggested waiting out the rain in the art museum. This time she was a full-fledged guide for the whole company. She spoke with enthusiasm and felt that she was being listened to attentively. Only sometimes she noticed that Liliane was trying to take Valerie's hand, and she was trying to do the same with Matthew. As if they were competing in jealousy towards each other. It wasn't so pleasant to watch from the side, it looked so awkward and so stupid.

That night, Lillian chose Valerie. And the night before, Valerie chose Matthew, and they kept their secrets. But with Lillian, it didn't work out that way, and that was the first time.

Lillian was to blame for this situation. Valerie convinced him to accept the task and do something unpleasant and shameful for him. She herself completed the same task with ease, believing that it would remain a secret. But Lillian stubbornly refused. He convinced her that it was possible not to share it, promised to play on her side in the morning and confirm in front of everyone that all the tasks were completed.

Her stubbornness proved stronger. In the morning, Valerie began breakfast with a story about herself. She tried to speak cheerfully and easily, as if everything was not so shameful for her, and all this was such trifles. But she could not convince herself of this. By the end of the story, the poor girl was clenching her fingers under the table, blinking her eyelashes and swallowing tears.

Lillian watched her, feeling his heart clench and his face flush. He tried to apologize to her and to everyone, but it came out so unnatural, like a continuation of his shame. He realized that it would be better for him to just keep quiet. He reproached himself for his cowardice and decided that he would go through all the subsequent tasks to the end. Let the girls give up if they wanted. Let it be only their fault.

Then Valerie got up from the table and went to the toilet, hiding her face in her hands. Sylvie caught up with her and hugged her. She said a few warm words to her, as only she could do. Valerie quickly regained her good mood, they even laughed. But subconsciously her self-esteem was hurt, and her soul demanded revenge. Her womanhoods trembled when she looked at Matthew, and her imagination drew them together the following night.

However, let's go back from that morning to that afternoon.

"I think it's time to say goodbye to Dijon!" shouted Matthew when he realized that the weather was not going to improve.

He promised to drive the car himself, all the way to Strasbourg. We would arrive early, he assured, and we would still have a few hours to see the evening city.

In two and a half hours, Matthew had covered a third of the distance. He demonstrated extreme driving in the rain. Valerie admired him openly, without embarrassment. The blond felt a little confused in front of Lillian, trying to come up with a joke for every remark she made, to smooth over the morning's embarrassment. Soon Valerie stopped pestering him. She even began to think that there was some practical sense in overcoming public humiliation if it happened in front of friends, when they understood that you were embarrassed and were ready to support you. She thought that she could go for broke and choose Lillian again. If he decided to fail the task again, she would be more confident in herself. Maybe she could persuade him to do something he didn't really want to do. At least for her sake.

When she came to, she looked out the window and realized: Matthew's efforts were in vain. They had reached the tail end of a large traffic jam. At first they were just moving slowly, then they began to crawl at walking pace. Then, when the sky turned crimson with sunset, it became really bad. Red lights flickered ahead in a twisting line all the way to the horizon.

They had forgotten to bring water, and everyone was very thirsty. But all the convenience stores were off the main road, and if they turned there, it would have been a long walk back to the highway. They were very lucky that they didn't need gas that evening.

"Matt, you must be really tired?" Valerie asked solicitously. "Come on, I'll drive."

"Yes, a little. But I'm fine. Don't worry about me," he replied. "We won't get to Strasbourg until late at night, but somewhere around 3am. No one will get any rest."

The last words were said very carefully, and Lillian smiled imperceptibly. Pretty assured, he guessed, Matthew had worried about a chance to get ride Valerie to his heart's content that night. No one doubted that it would be her.

Even Valerie was thinking the same thing. It was already 9pm and she was scouring the internet for a plan 'B' for the night. They had just pulled into Belfort at that moment.

"Turn here," she told Matthew, "stop near that sign. There should be some cheap places there."

It was called a hotel, but in fact it looked like a hostel. The place was really inexpensive. But the single rooms that the friends asked for were only in blocks of four rooms with a common hallway and a shared shower stall combined with a toilet in one room. There were several free blocks of this type. The girls wanted to agree to stay, but Matthew asked to see his room first. After the inspection, his mood noticeably dropped. All the rooms in the block were the same: a cramped room, a bright light bulb without a lampshade hanging right above the bed. And a single bed, not even a size and a half.

“No, let’s keep looking,” he shook his head discontentedly.

The friends wanted to object, but Matthew was very unhappy. He was driving, and they gave in to him. Just in case, they made a reservation and hurried back to the car.

They spent almost an hour to drive around Belfort. And to make sure that all the better places were already taken. Apparently, they were not the only ones who urgently needed an unplanned overnight stay.

"You're very lucky," the receptionist said when they got back to the hostel. "The other blocks have become occupied while you were gone. Here are the keys to your rooms. One word of warning: we only have hot water in the showers until midnight. Sorry for the inconvenience. You might still make it, though."

Matthew swore quietly when he heard this. They had spent half a day not only without food, but even without water. Now would be a good time to relax in a cafe, discuss plans for tomorrow. And of course, get ready for an interesting night. But there was only about an hour left until midnight.

"Matt! Don't panic! We'll make it," Valerie announced matter-of-factly. "I'll grab a table at the buffet, and you drop your things in your rooms and come back to me. What do we drink today?"

"A martini with juice," Sylvie responded wearily, "Does anyone mind?"

"Perfect!" the guys agreed.

A few minutes later, the friends were already raising toasts. The first was "to romance, passing the everyday trifles by." Sylvie was the first to go take a shower and missed this toast. But she would have been all for it, of course.

In the shower stall, she spent a long time figuring out the control buttons and was already starting to get nervous. Then she succeeded, she calmed down and began to quickly bring herself to perfection.

Of course, she wanted to be in Matt's arms this time. At the same time, she believed that she had no chance. However, she convinced herself that one must always be prepared to meet luck. And she tried as if this night already belonged to her.

She returned to her friends, dressed for home. Valerie immediately ran to the shower. Then Lillian went there, and then Matthew. They managed to get ready even before midnight.

The restless hours spent on the road were so far behind. A sense of calm and celebration was returning to them. They were already drinking their second bottle of martini, diluting it with orange juice and water. The thirst that had accumulated during the whole day did not leave them. When the second bottle was empty, Sylvie looked at her watch and looked questioningly at her friends. One o'clock in the morning. It must be time already.

Matthew was the first to respond to her gaze. "Maybe we should make an election right here?" he asked.

Valerie looked around. There were still other guests around them. But no one would guess what they were choosing.

"Yes, just let us sit next to each other," Valerie responded, and the girls took their seats opposite the boys.

Matthew handed out two stickers to everyone.

"Can I choose both of you today?" he suddenly asked with a sly smile.

The girls looked at each other in surprise; Valerie even covered her mouth with her hand.

Sylvie smiled out of the corner of her mouth. "Matt, you've had too much to drink again, haven't you?"

"Not at all. I just wanted to add variety."

"You're overdoing it," Sylvie said confidently. "Take it back. Otherwise I'll ask the same thing tomorrow."

"Nah, not that," Lillian protested, laughing. "Bro, did you hear that? Take that back."

Matthew raised both his hands up and laughed too.

The sticker notes were rolled into straws and Matt was shuffling them around in a glass with his fingers.

Both Valerie and Sylvie caught his piercing gaze. It made their tummies twitch. Enough time had passed after the intense quenching of thirst, and they both already wanted to pee. Quite badly.

The girls nervously squeezed their thighs, trying to do it discreetly. Valerie looked boldly into Matthew's eyes. She was flirting, but trying very hard to be modest, knowing that she was a little drunk.

Sylvie stared straight ahead, without looking up. Come what may, she thought at that moment.

"Sylvie!" she heard suddenly. She looked up sharply. Matthew was looking at her with a tender gaze. And at the same time, he was serious. She remembered how tired he must have been that day and felt some kind of motherly care for him. She wanted to give him everything she could give that night. And to accept from him everything he wanted to give her.

Valerie couldn't hide her frustration and disappointment. She definitely didn't like being hysterical, but she was tired too. And she cared. To smooth over her embarrassment, she stood up and hugged Matthew around the neck.

"Can I have one kiss?" she asked, turning to Sylvie.

"Go ahead."

Valerie pressed her lips to Matthew's. He didn't resist much.

"Another one. Huh?" And without any answer, she did it again.

Having finished with this, she shook her hands down and said sadly: "I just get carried away sometimes. And I never regret it. Good night, everyone."

Her friends looked after her with love. "Sweet dreams, Valerie!" they responded in chorus.

Lillian finished his drink and left too.

Matthew and Sylvie were left alone. He took her by the shoulders and looked into her eyes.

"I'm not as drunk as last time. I'm fine," he said.

"I believe you," she smiled and hugged his arms. His lips reached for her face.

"Don't," she whispered shyly. "We're not alone here."

"I'll be waiting for you in my room. The one on the far left," he replied.

She nodded in response and watched him go.

A sudden urge to pee tickled her, so that she rubbed one knee against the other. But her glass was still full of martini. And she finished it, trying not to rush. It was important to her to enjoy this evening to the fullest. In response to all attempts of the bladder to assert itself, the girl was contemptuously squeezing the muscles of the perineum. As if she wanted to order: your time hasn't come yet, leave me alone.

###

As she passed the bathroom she heard the sound of running water. She shrugged her shoulders in displeasure and went into her room. While the toilet was occupied, she decided to change. She stripped completely naked and threw on a hotel robe. The two paper straws that Matthew had given her were clutched in her fingers and she dropped it into her pocket. To this were added a pack of breath tablets, a condom and a tube of scented lubricant.

It was quite chilly in the common hallway. Sylvie felt a chill in her legs and a new urge to pee. It was so strong and sudden that she even bent knees in place.

The bathroom was still occupied. Sylvie approached Matthew's room and saw that the door was slightly open. She entered cautiously. The room was empty. Apparently, he was brushing his teeth.

She sat down on the bed and leaned her back against the headboard.

She was somewhere in her thoughts when he suddenly appeared in the room. He noticed her immediately, latched the door and rushed towards her, untying the belt of his robe as he went.

He wrapped his arms around her shoulders and pulled her close. His bold kiss touched her neck, then began to move down to her chest.

"Wait, wait, don't hurry," Sylvie hissed. She had dreamed that everything would begin more calmly, not so quickly, but softly and tenderly. That was her whole essence, her whole character and all her charm.

"Let's find out about the assignments first," she said. Just to slow him down. At that moment, she would have been better off saying that she needed "a couple of minutes." But his passionate outburst distracted her, so she said what she said.

"Yeah, go ahead. Sorry I snapped at you," he smiled sheepishly.

"It's okay," she smiled back. She handed him a green straw: "Read this. Then I'll read the red one."

He unfolded the paper and read it aloud.

"For him: two penetrations, one before bed and one in the morning, a cuni before each. For her: keep herself open in front of him, meaning by clothes, bed sheets, hand, anything."

"Huh! Huh!" she sighed nervously, "That's tough! Who's the author?" She quickly reached the text with her eyes. "It's her! I recognize her handwriting."

"She said that sometimes she gets carried away. Sometimes even very much," Matthew commented, as if excusing Valerie.

"She was seriously counting on this night," Sylvie noted.

He looked at her mysteriously, as if he was waiting for something.

She untied the belt of her robe and stopped. Then she took out what was in her pockets and placed it on the headboard. He continued to look at her. She picked up the lapels of her robe but froze again.

"I'd rather take off my robe in the dark. It's not against the rules, right?"

"Agreed. Let's read everything first," he said understandingly.

In response, she gently touched his shoulder. "You're cool. Understand, I'm a little shy."

He nodded silently back at her, pleased that she was being honest with him.

"You'll see me in the morning anyway," she added, watching his eyes. Was there any disappointment there? No, there was only admiration.

She unfolded the red sticky note and fell silent.

He waited delicately for her to speak and did not rush her.

Sylvie read the text over and over in silence, her heart pounding like a hammer.

The silence lasted only a few seconds. But for her, those seconds passed like an hour. Different thoughts burst into her head at once and began to rush and buzz, clashing madly with each other. Thoughts disappeared under the blows of her doubts, then arose again, and there was no rational force capable of arranging them in order and choosing the best one.

"I should explain my perceptions to Matthew and call it off. To go to my room and not touch him tonight. So that I wouldn't have anything to confess in the morning." This thought, the only sensible one, was sparkling in her mind like a pulsar to eclipse all other thoughts.

But still, the stupidest of all possible thoughts somehow survived this whirlwind.

Probably because Sylvie was already in a panic. And she was a girl. A girl who was definitely in the mood for sex.

I'm a native Frenchwoman! And I'm still not aware what a French kiss is! How can I deny myself that?

"Sorry, I was lost in thought," she finally said, trying to keep her voice from shaking. "I was reading it and couldn't get what the joke was. Some kind of nonsensical rule. Here, look."

She handed him the piece of paper.

The red sticker read:

"For both: to leave the bed, even for a second."

*006*2025-09-02 08:40

Part 4.

Matthew read the text and shrugged. "Yes, it's pretty ridiculous," he agreed. "Is it Lillian who wrote this?"

"That's not Valerie's hand. It was probably him. He seems to have a poor imagination." Sylvie continued to comment. She was worried that Matthew might ask her directly if she needed to go to the bathroom. She doubted she could lie. But he didn't.

"But isn't it better for us? It sounds there are no prohibitions at all," he said.

"Mmm..." she purred and looked at him playfully.

His eyes lit up and he reached for her robe and began to untie her belt.

"Do you remember what I asked?" Sylvie reminded.

The guy looked around for the switch next to the bed. But it wasn't there. The only button was on the wall, next to the front door.

"Hey, maybe that's the joke?" Matthew chuckled, "Making us spend the night by lamplight. Does he know you're uncomfortable with that?"

"Yes, he does. Maybe he meant that. But let him get it over with. Matt, darling, please think of something." Sylvie said it in her soft, kind voice. Not the voice of a petulant girl who you immediately want to tell to go away. It was the voice of a charming lady for whom you want to do anything.

Next to the bed was a one-liter bottle of water, half full. Matthew had taken it from the minibar. He took it, crawled to the edge of the bed, closer to the light switch, and took aim for a long time. Finally, he threw the bottle, and it hit the target. The light above them went out.

"You are my angel bodyguard. Thank you," she said and kissed him on the lips.

Her eyes quickly adjusted to the darkness, and then she noticed that the room wasn't so dark. The curtains were slightly open, and the faint light of street lamps and billboards was coming through the window. She untied her robe and bared her shoulders. A chill ran up her thighs, teasing her skin. She felt exposed before his gaze.

"Do you see me?" she asked.

"I can't say that until you take it off completely," he replied with a smile.

She continued to sit there, hesitant.

"Do you want me to take my clothes off too? Look!" Matthew suddenly suggested. He decisively tore off his robe and threw it to the side, right on top of the bottle of water.

Sylvie giggled and did the same. She felt a chill run through her body. Another urge to pee knocked on her mind, and for the next few seconds, it was all she could think about.

They were still sitting at a distance, completely naked, leaning against the headboard. Finally he moved closer to her, and their bodies touched. For the first time she felt his warmth. She laid her head on his shoulder.

"Let's watch a movie, maybe?" she suggested.

She was still afraid to imagine that now she would spread her legs and pretend that she didn't need anything like that, nothing at all. She felt the pressure of urine inside her growing and pressing on her lock more insistently.

They chose something science fiction, about an hour and a half long. "You don't have to watch it all the way through," she told him. "At least halfway through, and the rest in the morning."

These words made her bladder worry again. Oh, my God, what would happen in the morning?! I would sit pressed against him, naked in the sunlight, trying not to move and calmly watch this movie. How would I endure all this? She felt a little scared and very uncomfortable.

She sat with her knees pulled up to her chest. One of her knees was a stand for the smartphone, which she held in her hand. Her pussy was trembling with the need to pee, begging for help from her hands, but Sylvie hid her free hand under her bottom so that he would never guess. Even too obvious a movement of her knees would immediately disgrace her.

She stared at the screen, not taking in the picture at all. She tried to convince herself that she shouldn't think about it now. At least she shouldn't think about what would happen in the morning.

She waited until he was sufficiently engrossed in the movie. Trying not to attract his attention, she put her hand between her legs and jerked off her wrist there. Oh, yes, now she felt a little better.

And suddenly she noticed that he was not watching the screen, but was looking straight ahead.

"Do you think I'm hiding from you?" she asked.

"If it's only for a short time, then it's okay."

He gently took her hand and moved it to the side. Then, he slowly placed his warm palm where her hand had just been.

"Mmm?" he asked wordlessly.

"Yes, you may."

Now she could at least move her body as she wanted without worrying about suspicion.

Halfway through the movie, his hand felt unbearably heavy. At first, Sylvie was embarrassed to remove it and endured the weight, but finally she decided to do it. She slid down, stretching her legs along the bed and crossing her thighs. His hand slid to the side.

"Let's watch the rest in the morning," she asked.

"Okay ," Matthew put his smartphone down and lay down next to her.

They peered into each other's faces in the darkness. Then his gaze slid down.

"Hey! You're covering up again!" he teased.

"Nah. Well, okay, does that suit you?" and she turned on her side. Now the line of her pubic hair was looking directly at him. He could see it in the dim reflections of the street light.

"Acceptable," he replied. He had a sudden urge to continue teasing her and ask her to bend one leg. But he suppressed it. After all, the morning will come anyway.

Sylvie lay there, looking at him, waiting for him to act. But he lay there, admiring her dark outline. Finally, he slowly ran his hand through her hair and kissed her lips.

"You are beautiful," he said and approached her. He began his caresses with her nipples. It was not hard to make them stick out. She was already starting to get turned on by his touch.

"Beautiful even in the dark?" she asked in a whisper.

"Umm. Are you still shy in front of me?" he asked.

"Yeah, honestly. It's natural. But don't focus on it."

"I can't do this. You better let go of this awkwardness. I can wait, just tell me."

"Nope, no need to wait. Do I have a choice? We still need time to sleep."

"Let's do this quickly?" he chuckled.

"No-o-o," she laughed. And immediately began to doubt whether her answer was correct.

His hands began to slide along the curves of her body like snakes. In the dim light she could see the sparse hairs on his chest, the six-pack of his abs, the definition of his muscular shoulders. She glanced down at his cock, but in the darkness she couldn't see anything.

She was worried that he would accidentally press on her belly and then her secret would be revealed too quickly. But he was fantastically gentle with her.

He placed warm dots of kisses on her skin, first her face, then her chest, then moved to her hips, gradually moving closer to there, to the center of her attention. She raised her knees and spread her legs herself. So that he wouldn't do it too hard if he started doing it himself.

She felt his warm breath over the hood of her clit. Then the first touch of his lips. Then his tongue. She was too dry there. Her tightly clenched muscles were the cause.

"Give me my tube," she asked. "It said it was delicious."

"Tell me next that it's edible," he muttered.

"Yes, it's harmless. Just don't eat it for breakfast. And it tastes pretty good," she giggled.

"After two times in a row, I won't need breakfast?" laughed Matthew.

"We'll discuss it at breakfast," Sylvie laughed.

She applied a thin layer of gel over the slit. And touched his hair. "Continue," she whispered.

He tasted her slit.

"You're sweety," he purred. She simled back.

He made a few more movements with his tongue, then asked: "Are we expecting something from this foreplay?"

Sylvie thought the only thing she was waiting for was luck. To avoid an embarrassing leak.

"I could say it's up to you. But that's not true," she sighed. "It's very hard to predict. Let's agree that once I say it's done, it's done. And then you put on a condom and we'll move on."

"Okay. Just don't say it too fast. I had dreamed about turning a girl on with my mouth."

She chuckled.

"Just dreamed? And you never did it? What about Catherine?"

"She doesn't like it. She let me try a couple of times. Both were unsuccessful."

"No wonder," Sylvie confirmed. "If the girl doesn't want it, it can't be any other way."

He plunged his tongue into her slit. Several minutes passed in silence. Sylvie caught the impulses of arousal arising from his touch. These impulses sometimes turned into waves of pleasure that spread throughout her body. But this quickly ceased: the exhausted urethra casually took away her attention.

"And for Valerie it went better?" she asked suddenly. Just to distract herself from the new strong urge.

She didn't think that Matthew might take this as a sign of disrespect. After all, he was trying so hard.

"What?" he raised his head.

"I'm sorry," Sylvie whispered. "Don't say anything about Valerie. It's intimate. I understand."

Matthew continued to work his tongue. At this point, her hips began to move desperately. She was just resisting the urge to pee, but he took this as the peak of her arousal and began to tickle under her hood with the tip of his tongue.

"A-ah!" she screamed in a whisper. "Bite me, please bite me!"

He fulfilled her request.

"One more time! Please, one more time. Go on, go on! Ooh!" She felt that the ending, hitherto unexperienced, was already very close.

Matthew slowly licked her slit, occasionally gently biting her labia.

She suddenly remembered that Lillian hadn't even tried to caress her with his tongue. Compared to him, Matthew was more interesting. The slippery gel teased her inner lips, mixing with his saliva.

Suddenly she felt her heart stop and her thighs quickly turn cold with chills. Her delicate lock spasmodically contracted, barely having fulfilled its task. A nervous shudder ran through her entire body.

Sylvie didn't recognize whether it was the orgasm from the cuni. Or whether it was the orgasm being destroyed by her anxiety, the instinctive fear of pissing herself. She only realized that she cannot allow herself to relax.

So let Matt think that this was the orgasm, she decided. And she began to breathe loudly, then moan softly and scratch her nails noisily on the sheet.

"It's done. It's done! That's it!" she babbled in a tearful voice.

Her thighs began to slam together, not sparing his face. So he would understand: this is really it. Thanks, guy.

Matthew raised his head and looked into her eyes.

"Well, that was your success!" Sylvie said in her magical voice.

She found the condom wrapper above the headboard and handed it to him. Taking advantage of the moment while he put it on, she rubbed her thighs together, wriggling like a lizard. The urge to pee still wouldn't go away. Matthew was ready for the second act, and her knees, glued together, moved from side to side in front of him. Finally, she found the strength to clench her fists and spread her legs.

He braced his powerful arms on the bed and covered her with his beautiful body like a Komodo dragon. She closed her eyes, afraid of the creeping challenge.

She felt his belly gently settle on her bladder and press down on it. She instinctively pulled back.

"You're so weightfull, Matt," she complained.

He pulled away from her and began to look for a comfortable position. She kept her legs as wide as she could and did not understand why he did not enter her. The tip of his penis lightly touched her slit and sometimes entered inside as far as the length of a thumb, but not deeper. This was not enough for her. In addition, because of the urge to pee, her vagina was constantly contracting, and then his penis rested against the closed door, slid along her peehole, making the urge to pee even more unbearable.

Not much fun.

Finally, she got tired of waiting and decided to help. She found his appendage and began to tug at it with her fingertips.

"Come on, buddy," she moaned softly. "Come on, grow up!"

"It won't grow," he replied in a low voice. "It's just this long, and no more."

She fell silent, not knowing what to say. He, too, remained silent, out of great awkwardness and annoyance. Here was another lovely girl to whom he had to explain this.

"Tell me if this is comfortable for you," she whispered quickly.

She rolled over onto her stomach, got up on her knees, and lifted her bottom up, arching her back hard. Her bladder felt much better.

From the back side position, Matthew entered her without any problem. Trying not to spoil the impression of himself, he moved carefully. But still, he did not plunge as deep as she would have liked. Carried away a little, he grabbed her loins with his hands and pulled her hard to himself.

She gasped in surprise, but quickly whispered, "Don't stop! Don't stop!".

He almost reached his dickhead to the desired point inside her. But only almost. She expected him to somehow pull her tighter, and touch her there. Her swollen flesh was waiting only for this touch.

Matthew was strong, but not as hard as Lillian. Sylvie felt like he cared about her feelings, and it was so exciting! Most guys in the middle of it are only focused on themselves, but Matthew was not like that. His hands wandered through the curves of her body, caressing her skin and gently patting here and there.

At times she heard him sigh and mumble. He would say her name and confess how good it felt.

Suddenly he patted her belly with his palm. Gently but mercilessly. A wave of despair immediately washed over her. Her hips began to tremble and her vagina began to desperately contract.

The trembling of her body immediately responded to him. His member, being inside her, suddenly jerked upward and froze in that position. Then she felt the trembling of his hands on her bottom. And a tiny warm impulse inside herself. He began to moan dully and pulled her bottom towards himself, no longer holding back his strength.

She wanted to feel his touch on her secret place, but he never got there. She moaned, in case he heard and started moving even more actively. But that didn't happen.

He continued to move inside her, wishing to stay unforgettable. They both listened to the sounds, loud, shameless and funny.

When he let her go, Sylvie turned over and lay on her back, enjoying the moment.

She suddenly thought that she had not been prepared for anything like this. This feeling was very strange, like an unmade discovery. She was pleased, but she needed something more.

Her bladder called her again and her legs began to move. Randomly and sexually. Matthew couldn't watch it calmly and his lips rushed to her sticky pubis again.

"Oh, do you really need this?!" Sylvie cried in a pleading voice. And, unable to find words to object, she allowed him. It was imprudent, but her instinctive desire was still alive.

Matthew finally got a little tired, and they lay down facing each other. The bed was so narrow that their bodies touched sometimes. He pushed his hand between her thighs and began to caress.

"Mmm ...", she responded. "Shall we sleep after all?"

"Uhmm ," he nodded. And moved his hand close to her pussy. There her thighs were warm and wet. His thumb found her slippery clit and began to stroke it slowly and gently.

"Matthew!" she whispered loudly. He heard her whisper through her laughter.

"Uhmm ," he responded. His eyes were already closed and he was smiling serenely.

"I want to sle-e-ep!" she repeated insistently in the same laughing whisper.

He continued.

"Ma-a-att, let's stop it," she whispered through quiet laughter. "Ooh, Ma-a-att, ple-e-ase!"

He slowed the movements of his thumb, but did not stop.

Sylvie watched him slowly fall asleep and got a little pleasure from his rhythmic touches. The pleasure grew with each passing minute, and at one point she felt like she was losing control. She was already reaching for his hand to pull it away. And at that moment, her tightly clenched thighs suddenly clenched even tighter, and she pressed her hand to her mouth. She felt that now she was finally cumming. A slight euphoria came over her. Then followed by a strong urge to pee.

Sylvie lay awake for a long time. She kept her feelings under control so as not to panic and wet the bed. She found a short towel under her pillow and wiped her wet pussy dry. After that, she felt better. All that was left was a feeling of heaviness under her pubis, calling the girl to the toilet. Her body had already resigned itself that this wouldn't happen soon.

She began to dream that in the morning Matthew would be even more tender and delicate than he was now. And that her ugrent needs would suddenly disappear somewhere. And that this night would leave behind only pleasant memories. She imagined Matthew in the morning, his six-pack abs illuminated by the rays of the morning sun, his muscular arms, his simple smile and gray eyes. He would hug her and say something simple and kind to her.

She could almost feel what it might be like.

Then his embrace became stronger, a cold wind blew in from somewhere, and the floor next to the bed became covered with a thin layer of frost. And he continued to warm her with the warmth of his hands and protect her from the wind and icy snowflakes. At some point, she realized that this was not reality, she was just very cold. But she did not want to go back to reality. She closed her eyes and returned to her fairytale half-sleep. Her dreams became brighter and did not leave her until the morning.

*007*2025-09-26 13:20

Sylvie felt the morning light in her closed eyes and sighed heavily. She didn't want to open them.

The room was cool. If they had been under the sheets, it would have been okay, but they had been naked all night.

"How lucky I am that I didn't wake up before dawn! Otherwise I wouldn't have been able to fall asleep again," she thought.

She glanced at her smartphone and realized it was too early. But the cold wouldn't give her a chance to sleep.

She rolled over onto her back and stretched. It was immediately apparent that there was another problem besides the cold.

It was her bladder, full of fluid and noticeably distended. Every movement she made pushed this dense ball, and it wobbled inside her like a lump of some kind of jelly.

Finally she opened her eyes and tried to warm herself with her hands. Then she put her hand between her legs to warm herself there. When she took her hand away, it started anyway. Cool air touched her crotch and then the first distinct call to pee spread throughout her body.

She squeezed her legs together and stopped moving. The first urge call wasn't so scary.

Matthew was lying on his side, facing her. It seemed that he, too, was sleeping restlessly because of the cold. His facial expressions were changing. Sylvie began to watch his buddy. As long as he couldn't see her, she could afford to smile at it. This tiny penis was fully erect, twitching slightly upwards, as if it were trying to grow. It was so funny, Sylvie even covered her face with her hand. Matthew must be in the middle of some fantasy, she thought.

Suddenly his hand came over his buddy and sharply tilted it to the side.

"Why is he doing this!" thought Sylvie. "So he can break it!"

But the guy deflected his gun a few more times, then clenched it in his fist and growled lowly. Without opening his eyes, he rolled over onto his back, then swung his legs off the bed and began to get up.

"Hey! Sto-op! Where are you going?!" the girl called out.

Matthew winced, turned over his shoulder, and only then opened his eyes.

He groaned in disappointment and fell back.

"I just needed to pee," he explained.

"Have you forgotten about the ban?" she asked with a kind smile.

"Yeah, sorry. I wasn't fully awake. Thanks for reminding me."

Sylvie looked at her partner in the morning sun. Smooth, slightly tanned skin, noticeable muscle relief on his shoulders and arms, a trained stomach with clear squares. He was worthy of admiration, especially if you think about the fact that his beauty is not only natural, but his personal result.

His broad palm was resting on top of his cock, and she stared at it. She thought that maybe she shouldn't do that, and felt herself blushing involuntarily because of it. Still, she kept staring.

Suddenly he grabbed his cock in his fist and bent it in different directions, like in his dream. Sylvie even closed her eyes, imagining that he was hurting himself. And she even imagined why he might do that.

"Do you need it badly?" she asked.

"I need what?" he didn't understand.

"Well . . . to go there . . .", she was doubted how to say it out loud.

"A-ah, you mean the bathroom. No problem, I'm fine."

She continued to look at him with anxiety.

"Are you sure it's not a problem?" she asked carefully.

"Wait for breakfast? You don't have to think about it. Everything is fine."

Sylvie frowned. "Pff-fff. You seem to be awake already. Have you forgotten all about it?!"

Matthew thought for a moment and then covered his face with his hands.

His cock came free and jerked up like a radio antenna. No, it was more like a computer joystick on a keyboard. Antennas don't have that less length. Sylvie barely kept herself from laughing.

"Oh - oh! How could I forget! Oh, my gosh, I'm ashamed! I'm ashamed again!", he groaned.

"It's okay," she said, touching his shoulder. "Still. What do you say?"

"I can handle this. Don't mention it, okay? I already regret telling you about it."

"Okay, I won't," she smiled.

At that moment, her hips began to squeeze rhythmically, and he noticed it.

"Do you need a pee too?" he asked.

"Nah. I don't need it," she replied, looking away. The question had caught her off guard.

He continued to stare at her. She became worried. Didn't he believe her? What should she do?

She blinked her eyes, mentally counted to five, and looked straight at him. As confidently as she could. Her hips were frozen in place. He couldn't see how tight her ass was now, and the muscles between her legs.

They looked at each other for a moment. Then he picked up his smartphone.

"It's a quarter past six in the morning," he announced. "And breakfast starts at eight."

"We have a shitload of time," she chuckled.

And she thought: damn, how joyful and not joyful all this is at the same time!

###

At first they continued watching the video. Sylvie had completely lost the thread of the story, all her thoughts were spinning around the question: stop watching it immediately or wait. There were several serious points for and as many against. When her bladder called her, she made some movements, simultaneously touching her partner so that he would not guess. Sometimes she leaned against his shoulder, sometimes hugged his torso, sometimes stroked his head.

The desperation was growing stronger. Sylvie needed something to distract herself, so she started a conversation.

"Maybe you should tell me what you did with Valerie?" she asked suddenly.

Matthew was taken aback and paused the film.

"Nothing special," he said. "She was spinning around like a top, trying different positions. It seemed like she didn't care whether I was a guy or a girl, in the sense of whether I had a penis or not. She was into the movement. I guess she likes to experiment. Certainly, she's more energetic than you. But no, no, don't think I'm putting you down. You're just very different characters."

She gently touched his stomach, just above his hair. "I know that. You didn't hurt me. Go on."

He thought uncertainly.

"I'm not sure I can go on about this. It's a great blessing that we didn't have to say anything."

"So there really was something to hide?"

"I suppose so," he nodded thoughtfully.

"Was she at least satisfied?" Sylvie persisted.

"Of course! However, I cannot . . . Only she can know for sure."

They both laughed. Meaning what he meant.

Her hand moved lower, her fingers tangling through his coarse hairs, twisting them into curls.

She grew bolder and touched his cock. She tilted it hard to the side and let it go, watching the pendulum die down. Then she did it the other way. She giggled and felt awkward about it.

"I'm sorry. But it looks like a baby sparrow. It's so cute."

Matthew looked away from her.

"Please don't be offended, Matt. I just honestly said what I thought. Well, see for yourself."

He reluctantly looked at his penis, which she was playing with like a tumbler toy.

"You'd like it better if you found it three times longer, right?".

She felt awkward again. After all, she was wrong to offend him. She shrugged.

"I don't know. I really don't know. I don't think it matters."

Matthew raised his eyebrows and looked at her incredulously.

"And how does Catherine solve this challenge?" asked Sylvie.

"She also tried to adapt to me. To be more accessible to me, she tried to stretch her groin, but she stopped very soon. She hoped for a quick result, but it does not happen. I understand her, these workouts are very painful."

"Yes, I know," Sylvie replied, "I've been through it."

"Yes, I remember you telling us about it. This spring, when we were walking in the park. We asked you to demonstrate your achivements, but you refused. You were afraid of tearing your tight jeans."

She chuckled. Of course she remembered that. It wasn't the tight jeans. She just really needed to pee, and there was no toilet stalls in the park.

"Tell me what Catherine finally offered. Maybe we can try it together," she asked.

After this question, Matthew became so sad that Sylvie became a little scared.

"She came up with a pretty simple solution," Matthew sighed heavily.

"?".

"We're not together anymore. For quite some time now."

*008*2025-09-29 09:04

Her chest tightened. She felt so sad for him. As if something like that had happened to her.

"And how long ago?" she asked.

"For six months already. Even longer."

"And you didn't tell anyone. But why?"

"I don't know what to tell about this. First I want to find a replacement for her."

"You still can't let her go?" Sylvie asked sympathetically.

"It's not about her! Look, believe me, I'm really not obsessed with her!"

"But what's the matter then?"

"I don't want to believe that we broke up because of the size of my penis. It's some kind of absurdity. I'm trying to guess what the real reason was, so as not to make it again. And I still haven't guessed. And by the way, I remained friends with Catherine."

"This can't be."

"You'll be surprised, but it is. I even go to visit her sometimes. Only before that she allowed herself to change clothes in front of me. She allowed me to kiss her and touch her here and there. Now it's taboo for us. But otherwise, everything has remained the same."

"Is she looking for a replacement for you?"

Matthew thought about it. It seemed like he had never asked himself this question.

"I guess I suit her. She probably expects it to grow," and he glanced down.

"What a dark joke, Matt!" Sylvie chuckled. And they both laughed nervously.

It suddenly occurred to her that they had the option to cancel their entire trial right now. A pretty good option. She wouldn't have lost anything then. Matt had already shown her what he could do, and maybe he'd give her something better one of the next nights. But it was too late now. She couldn't reveal his secret. It was too serious.

And she suddenly wanted to support this guy and do something nice for him.

She gently touched his cock, hard and hot.

"Matt," she said quietly, "I'll be there for you. We won't tell anyone anything."

His eyes lit up. He reached for her lips and kissed them.

"Although it does mean I'll be worried about the condom. I have the package in my room," she added.

"And I'm not going to the toilet," he added.

"But we can handle these little things, right?"

"Yes, of course," he whispered and kissed her again.

Then he hugged her cool shoulders and turned her onto her back.

His face was right above hers.

"Can I ask you something?" he asked uncertainly.

"Mmm. Try it."

"Remember that request in the park?"

"My Chinese split? To show you?"

"Not just to show me. But to hold this the whole time while I'm spending my duties."

"But . . . ".

He looked at her and she could see that he expected only "yes" in answer.

She frantically searched her head for reasons to refuse, but her thoughts did not obey her.

"You're not wearing tight jeans now, are you?" he smiled.

She smiled back, unable to come up with any arguments against it. Except to admit to him that she was ready to burst. But she didn't have the courage for that.

"Just for you," she whispered and smiled magically.

His heart began to beat faster and he began to kiss her all over her body. He took his time and worked her up gently and slowly. Finally his kisses reached the strand of her pubic hair and he settled between her legs, bent at the knees.

Her breathing became faster and deeper. She tried to spread her thighs apart, but they immediately came together. She tried again and again failed.

Finally, she concentrated. "One, two, three," Sylvie counted to herself. Her legs stuck together and straightened up. Then she gracefully spread them apart, keeping them straight and slender. She touched her calves to the bed sheet so that her ankles hung in the air on either side of the bed. Her gaze was glued to the single light bulb on the ceiling.

Matthew watched with his mouth slightly open. When she finished her pirouette, his short cock became as hard as a diamond crystal.

Matthew could see the thin skin of her perineum, young and fair. There was not a single hair anywhere, except for the intimate trim on her pubis. Here and there, blue veins showed through the skin. Her labia were delicious: two smooth, dark pink mounds, like peach halves, barely raised above the smooth line of her hips. Her groin tendons were so trained that they were almost invisible.

Matthew reached out his lips to all this beauty.

Her legs lay loosely on the sheet, like a fabric doll. She didn't even support them with her hands. This fact turned him on even more, and his cock rose, trying to become bigger than it already was.

Matthew looked up and saw something else that was unbelievable. Her belly was so swollen that it covered her face. Her skin there was noticeably stretched, especially around the edges.

He raised his head and looked into her eyes, his mouth slightly open.

"You . . . you didn't tell? But why?" he asked.

"Didn't tell about what?"

"That you're pregnant. That's true, isn't it?"

"Huh! What nonsense! Of course not," Sylvie gasped.

She tried to remain as calm as possible. The turn of the conversation was a surprise to her. Another signal from her bladder could send her into a panic at any moment. She needed touch more than she needed talking.

He continued to look at her with distrust.

"But . . . your tummy, it wasn't like this before," Matthew noted guiltily.

"Matt, I'm not pregnant! Seriously!" she repeated. It made her feel a little funny that she was still holding herself in such a shameless pose and they were doing nothing but talking.

He kissed her gently near her navel and looked at her again as if he was in doubt.

She looked at him with irony and slightly tilted her head, pretending to be unperturbed.

"Matt, a bulging belly is normal. Girls get it when . . ."

"When?"

"Because I'm turned on a little right now. But I'm not pregnant. Got it?"

He nodded to her and continued to look at her tummy with a stupid smile.

"It looks so beautiful . . .", he admitted, "I wanted to say that you are so beautiful".

"Thanks, Matt," she grinned. She ran her hands nervously over her stretched thighs. Then she picked up the tube of gel and applied thin stripes of sweet goo along the edges of her labia. Putting the tube aside, she rubbed her legs again with her hands frantically.

Matthew realized it was time to do something. And he touched her peach halves with his tongue.

###

At first, Sylvie lay motionless and hypnotized the light bulb. Then she began to exhale air through her lips. First silently, then louder, no longer embarrassed. She tried to catch at least something from yesterday's sensations, something exciting. But now it seemed unattainable.

Matthew tried his best, she did not watch him, she simply felt it. This care of his could not distract her from the main bodily need. As soon as he accidentally touched her urethra with his tongue, not even guessing what it was, then a nervous discharge ran through her body. Her hands trembled, and her fingers squeezed the sheet, then the pillow.

Sometimes he would focus on her clitoris and tickle the same spot for a couple of minutes at a time. In those moments, she hoped that she would get turned on. But her pee hole would begin to relax, and then she would clench her fists and again feel only her patience, painful and sexy.

Matthew carried out his task with rapt attention and without interruption. All he could see was her firm, convex pubis. He did not notice how she dug her nails into the skin above her knees. How her heels desperately spun in the air on both sides of the bed. And how her disheveled hair fluttered from side to side as if in a fever, she bit her lower lip and often squinted, and the corners of her eyes were already red from tears.

Time stood still for her. Just don't let go, don't let go, hold on to this pressure no matter what happens, she begged herself.

Suddenly she screamed and Matthew felt a fresh portion of her female juice on his tongue. The taste was new and unusual, not like yesterday. He pulled away from her body and looked from the side. He saw how often her anus was pulled inward, and the buns of her smooth ass were squeezed together and hardened for a while.

He raised his head and looked at her face.

She looked away, trying not to meet his gaze. Her face was flushed and haggard, as if she were unbearably ashamed.

As soon as Sylvie realized her pussy was free, she threw her hand down and pressed her fingers hard on her labia, shifting it all the way to the opposite side. She really wanted to squeeze it in her fist, but she respected her promise not to cover up.

"Matt, that's it! That's it!" she gasped, finally looking up at him. "I can't take this anymore."

"You're something," he replied. "And I tasted you again. You're so . . . "

"Sweety?" she giggled, remembering his compliment from yesterday.

"Nope. Salty."

"Oh, really?" she suddenly exclaimed, her face flushing with shame.

At that very moment, a tiny fountain burst out from her labia, clamped under her fingers. It slightly moistened her tender buns and disappeared.

"Oh shit! I almost wet myself. Matthew, don't look, please."

He delicately turned away.

"Sorry, it's my fault," he said. "I guess I overdid it, huh?"

"No, no. It's not because of yours."

"I've heard that this happens to girls after any kind of oral teasing. Suddenly you want to pee. You just have to wait a little bit, and you'll be back to normal."

Sylvie shook her head, almost crying.

"Matt, it's not going to happen. I've been putting up with this since last tonight. When we were at the cafe."

"Oh, come on!" he said in disbelief. He turned and stared at her with wide eyes.

"It just happened. First, the bathroom was occupied. And then, then we read those sticky notes."

She looked out the window, not daring to look him in the eye. "And then I decided to just not tell you. I was afraid to ruin our date. I didn't want you to know about it, so that it would happen for real!"

Matthew listened to all this, and pity for the poor girl tormented his chest from within.

"And this unusual tummy is not from being turned on. You are overfull."

She nodded back, a new look of pain crossing her face.

"You should run to the toilet, right now" he said sternly. "Let's face it, these tasks were too brutal for us."

She shook her head and blinked her eyelashes.

"I won't go. I promised you that I would be for you. And we will keep everything a secret."

"But you can't hold it anymore. Can't you see?"

"I will try. Please, go ahead. I'm all open for you," she breathed out.

He felt he had to help her, somehow. He had a gut feeling that she was worried about the chills. At least, that was how it felt for him when he really needed to pee. He began to rub her legs with his strong palms, all over, first outside, then inside. Sometimes he touched her pussy and gently squeezed it with his fingers and circled it. He thought that might help her.

During this massage, Sylvie continued to blush and breathe loudly. She looked absolutely helpless.

However, the massage had an effect. Now she could hold the urine inside without using her hand.

Neither of them cared that her legs remained in the same position, unnaturally spread out in a straight line across the bed. She had no time for it. He was pleased to see it, and he did not tell her she could fold them back.

"Are you fine, if I come in now?" he asked.

"A-ah", she nodded.

Matthew has settled into a sitting yoga pose, spreading his thighs wide, almost like she did. He brought his bottom close to hers and with effort bent his sparrow baby forward. He was in some tension, but afraid to disturb her taut tummy. He entered her, somehow overcoming the resistance of her muscles, and then slowly withdrew. Then again, in and out.

Sylvie gasped, her hand briefly reaching up to her pussy and pinching it. But then it quickly jumped back.

"It looks like you're not coping anymore," Matthew noted. "But I've already entered you twice. Our duty is done."

She shook her head again.

"Screw all the formalities. I want you to cum. For me."

"We're taking a risk without a condom," he tried to evade.

"Just don't talk me out of it, Matt! I've already made up my mind."

He continued thrusting in and out, pausing after each attempt. Each time, her slit became wetter and more pliable.

But the grimaces on her face became more and more pitiful. He perceived himself as the source of her torment.

"Sylvie, I can't see this," he said. "How many times can you stand it?"

"I don't know," she breathed and smiled. "Are you going to count out loud?"

"Why not. Twenty?"

"I don't know. I don't know, Matt. Twenty won't be enough."

"Thirty?".

"Let it be forty. No, even fifty. So that you'll happy. And add more gel, please."

He started counting down. She joined him at 42. They both had fun playing this game.

At 21, her voice began to shake and her tone became higher. At 19, as soon as he pulled out his cock, she released a short fountain of urine. A few moments later, a second fountain of urine jumped out of her.

Matthew squeezed her pussy in his fingers. She breathed heavily and pinched the skin of her legs.

"Don't stop, please! Carry on!" she whispered.

He cautiously removed his hand, and found her floodgates already closed.

"18!" they shouted in chorus.

"17!"

"16!" . . . .

At the count of 15, Matthew's thighs began to tremble. He tilted his cock forward and almost got the head in, but suddenly pulled it back out. A fountain of semen shot up. Drops began to fall on her tummy. Some of it landed near her pubic hair and rolled down.

She raised her head, examining herself.

"Hmm, how powerful! Did you manage to get out in time?"

"Indeed. You have nothing to worry about."

"You're cool. You're so cool!" she responded. Her legs began to fold together.

"Wait!" he stopped her. "Don't close your legs yet. I have to clean up this mess."

She winced, but complied.

Her legs began to wiggle and twist shamelessly in front of him, continuing to excite him. A few more drops fell from the tip of his dickhead onto the sheet. He pulled a towel from under the pillow and began to gently wipe the marks from her skin.

Then they lay down again along the bed, facing each other.

"Was it good for you the second time?" he asked.

Sylvie closed her eyes for a second and rubbed her thighs together.

"Yes, it all went easier with you. I would have lost if you weren't there."

"What about pleasure?"

She shook her head sadly.

"I was just feeling good. I'm sorry, Matthew. It's not your fault."

He sighed and stroked her thigh a few times. Down and up, down and up.

"Let's try this again sometime? With different stickers."

"Are you hinting at next night?"

"Why not."

"It's against the rules to agree in advance. And I can't promise. My thoughts are in a fog right now."

He kissed her on the lips.

"You're right. I just want to give you more."

"Me too. C'est la vie."

She closed her eyes and hissed through her teeth. He gently ran his hand through her hair to calm her down.

Sylvie grabbed her smartphone and checked the current time.

"Just over an hour until breakfast," she summed up. As calmly as if she really meant breakfast.

"Maybe we should continue with the movie?" suggested Matthew.

"Nope. That won't help anymore."

Matthew looked at her reproachfully.

"You shouldn't have done that. You should have told me right away. What did you even hope for then?"

"Luck, I guess," she chuckled.

"Did you seriously think you could ignore your body all night?"

She smiled pitifully. "I didn't know how it would be. I've never had this kind of experience."

"However, you are frivolous. I would never have thought that about you."

"Actually, I'm not like that. Maybe after a bottle of martini with juice."

He watched her with a loving gaze. She lay in front of him, modest and friendly, like a girl on a first date who doesn't want to ruin the first impression. Her body was riddled with nervous impulses, and she hid it from him. She was holding herself back from both an accident and hysteria. He could only guess how hard this struggle was for her.

And they had a whole hour of waiting ahead of them. Even a little more.

"How are you?" she asked after some time.

"I'm in vanilla heaven because of you."

"I am glad to know this. But I'm about something else."

"Hmm. Well, yeah, I need to pee. But I'm fine."

"Is it stronger now than it was then? When you woke up."

"Yes, stronger. But probably not as strong as yours."

Sylvie pursed her lips. Unfortunately, it was true.

"How long do we have to wait?" she asked.

"Fifty-seven minutes."

"Ooo, it can't be! Do I really ask that often?"

"It seems so."

Another ten or fifteen minutes passed. Matthew noticed that she would occasionally press her hand to her slit, then immediately pull her hand away and shake her fingers in the air randomly, as if shaking off water.

Each time after such a gesture she raised her gaze to him. Either guilty or accusing.

Finally she asked him, "I wasn't covering up just now, was I?"

"You can keep your hand there as long as you like," he offered. "When I want to look at you, I'll tell you, and you'll open up. How about that?"

Sylvie pursed her lips and shook her head. He continued to persuade her.

"I see that you are not covering up out of shame. And that was your assignment, wasn't it."

Sylvie looked down.

"It doesn't matter. I can't remove my hand at any moment. Forget it. Let's leave it as is."

And she noisily sucked in air through her teeth.

Sylvie's face gradually became permanently red. The tips of her ears turned even redder.

"Yesterday I heard the owner of this snake pit swear at someone because of ash stains on a sheet. Is he really skimping on laundry? I can't believe it," she said thoughtfully.

"Yes, he is a real tightwad. He is not worth even remembering."

"But what if... what if I have to...", her lips trembled, she breathed quickly, and wrinkles appeared on her forehead. "If I leave a wet spot on the mattress. Then he will make such a fuss! Maybe he will even charge me a fine. I would burn on the spot with shame. Valerie will find out everything and Lillian too."

"That won't happen, I'm sure. You're a young, healthy girl, right?"

Sylvie looked at him with wet, doubtful eyes. And again she shook her hand in the air.

"Maybe you'll let me help you?" Matthew asked.

"How exactly?"

"You'll be awkward, if someone else's lips or hands were touch your . . . "

"Matt, stop!" she whined.

Ignoring her words, he carefully inserted three fingers between her clenched thighs.

"No, no, stop it!" she hissed back angrily. And she pushed his hand away with her own.

He asked her something about Strasbourg. Sylvie joined the conversation. They picked up a smartphone and started flipping through a guidebook. A discussion ensued about what to visit today and what to leave for later. They raced to remember Valerie and Liliane's preferences in order to offer them a ready-made route over breakfast.

But despite this conversation, time dragged on very slowly. At a quarter to eight in the morning, the topic of the route was closed. The oppressive silence set in again.

Matthew watched her body and saw that her desperation was already beyond the limit. He could already see the goose bumps on her arms and inner thighs.

At one point she let out a plaintive groan and closed her eyelids. Her hand rose above the outline of her thigh and hung in the air, her fingers clenched into a fist. She froze in this position for almost a minute. Then she looked at him guiltily.

"Matt, I need to pee so bad," she whispered. "So bad, so bad, you can't even imagine."

He had no words to help her. He only blinked at her in support. And he sighed heavily too.

Very soon Sylvie closed her eyes again. This time the clenched fist did not help her.

Her lips curled and her palm slapped her leg hard. Another fountain spurted out of her and stopped immediately. Her thigh glistened with moisture. It was good that the sheet was clean.

"Why is this happening! What should I do?!" she muttered in a tearful voice. She jumped up on her knees, sitting in a yoga pose with her back to Matthew and placed her pillow under herself. She began to bounce up and down on it and rubbed the skin of her legs with her sweaty palms. She twisted her whole body to the right and left to close her floodgates without her hands.

Matthew settled behind her in the same position. He leaned against her back and put his arms around her shoulders. Then he gently ran his hands down her body. His bold fingers began to embrace and jerk her labia on both sides.

"I didn't have time to ask permission," he apologized jokingly.

"Ooh! I give," she just moaned painfully and turned to him. Their lips met in a desperate kiss.

Suddenly, another tiny fountain trickled through his fingers. He saw a grimace of pity on her face and a single tear.

"Don't cry. Hold on. Please hold on," he whispered. Her tear disappeared under his kiss.

It seemed as if her bladder was determinedly against her. That lovely body had decided that there was nothing more important than to pee. Just a little, right now.

"We've got 12 and a half minutes to wait," he whispered in her ear. "We can handle this, right?"

"A-ah, yes, yes, we'll manage. A-ah," she responded in the same tearful voice. And immediately a new drops of moisture wet his fingers.

"Get your towel," he ordered her. "Roll it up. Not like that, tighter. When the time comes, squeeze it to your groin. Then you'll get to the bathroom dry. Just don't relax, okay? If you relax, this towel won't help."

Sylvie nodded her head.

"How much is left?" she simply asked.

"Less than ten minutes. Don't count them. I'll tell you when the time comes."

"I hope I'll go first?"

"What a dark joke you make, Sylvie! Of course, yes."

"Still . . . you'll understand if I take a shower, right? I need it, after everything that happened."

Matthew thought for a moment. "Do whatever you need to do. I'll wait."

"Matt, you're not sure."

"Does it matter?"

"While I'm taking a shower, you could do your things."

"A tempting offer. You are so kind."

She giggled. "Now you're fantasizing about joining me in the shower. Did I get right?"

"What's wrong with that?" he chuckled sheepishly.

"And after that you'll kneel in front of me, right?" she giggled again.

He laughed, and the tips of his ears turned slightly red.

Sylvie fidgeted with the towel in her hands and looked at him.

"It's going to leak out again," she sighed.

He touched her face with his lips.

"Don't panic. You just have to be patient for a little bit. I stand by you," he whispered.

He started kissing her, and she kept shaking her head. Sometimes she bit his lips instead of kissing. She held it in. There was no new leak.

Finally Matthew stopped.

"Don't be angry, but it's already three minutes past eight."

"Three whole minutes! You tormentor!" Sylvie giggled. She quickly jumped off the bed, holding the rolled towel between her legs. In short strides she ran to her robe and threw it over herself. Dancing on the potty, she pulled up the sleeves and tied the belt. Then she darted to the door.

"Don't follow me now, okay?" she asked. "You don't have to watch me do this."

"No problem. May I come in five minutes?"

"Yeah, about that. Can you stand it?"

"Sure. Run, see you."

###

Sylvie turned the handle and pushed open the bathroom door. Then she began to stamp her feet, lifting her heels high.

The bathroom was locked. The sound of flushing water could be heard. She groaned.

Lillian appeared in the doorway, wearing exactly the same robe as hers.

"Good morning!" he smiled at her.

The roll of towel slid down a little, and a light breeze touched her wet slit.

She felt ticklish and uncomfortable. Just unbearable.

"Morning!" she responded, trying hard to appear friendly.

"We'll meet for breakfast in half an hour. Okay?" Lillian suggested.

"Yeah, fine," she replied quickly, her hand tightening on the doorknob.

She noticed that he scanned her with his eyes, from head to toe. And stared at her belly, protruding from under her belt.

"Well, then, see you later," she said goodbye just as cordially.

And at that moment the tickling reached her urethra, and a chill covered her legs along their entire length. A portion of moisture broke through the natural barrier and was absorbed into the towel. Somehow, Sylvie did not panic. She did not grab her crotch, her face did not change, she did not even make a sound. She just froze in place.

Lillian was already at the door of his room. Noticing that she had not entered, he turned to her.

"How was your night? Will you tell us anything?" he asked flippantly.

Sylvie held her breath. And realized that she couldn't move until he left. She couldn't even take a small step. Urine was leaking from her slit, single drops, but it wouldn't stop. Like a bad faucet. All she could do was stand still and squeeze her muscles to the limit.

Her mind was clouded. After his question, she saw his happy face, and saw the malice in it. A twisted malice. As if Lillian knew what had happened to her, and what she was enduring now. Although that was not true. Even you and I do not know what Lillian had in mind when he filled out his red post-it. Surely he meant that he was writing it for Valerie. But even for Valerie, he would never wish such torment as this.

"Not today," Sylvie replied, quietly and sternly. "We played everything to perfection."

She suddenly darkened so much that Lillian's mouth dropped open and he was taken aback. He froze, sincerely not understanding the meaning of her words. What exactly had he said wrong? What had happened to her mood?

And all the while the seconds continued ticking: tik, tik, tik. And her towel was getting heavier, filling with warm moisture. The tickling continued to torment her. The girl nervously twitched her shoulders.

"Are you okay?" Lillian asked carefully.

Sylvie sighed. Anger filled her. Why the hell was he standing there and not leaving? She was about to respond rudely to him. But she realized in time that every remark she made only made this conversation longer.

"Yes, I'm fine. See you," she replied making her face as friendly as she could.

Lillian looked at her for a few more seconds. She simply looked at him with the same sweet gaze, afraid to provoke him into another question. Heavy drops left the towel and slowly flowed down her leg.

Still perplexed, he said nothing more and disappeared behind the door. As soon as his door closed, Sylvie pushed the bathroom door and a moment later locked it from the inside.

And right away her whole body shook helplessly. She leaned her forehead against the door and gave free rein to her tears. The heavy, soaking wet towel fell to the tiled floor. Warm, chaotic streams have covered it from above, like a sudden summer rain.

*009*2025-10-02 09:34

Part 5.

At breakfast they found themselves at the same table as the previous evening. In the same places, girls opposite boys. Sylvie took over the report on the previous night. She mentioned all the instructions and announced that their night program had been fully implemented. Matthew made a serious face and confirmed it.

Lillian tried to find out some details, remembering Sylvie's behavior that morning. But to no avail.

Breakfast was delicious, which compensated for some of the shortcomings of this overnight stay. Friendly conversation became lively and even laughter arose occasionally. But the blond athlete, Mr. Super-Short-Penis, was becoming sadder and sadder. Only now did he realize that for Sylvie, her torment had completely destroyed all the pleasure of the past night. He felt his own muscles near his bladder pulling and groaning after so much patience. And he imagined what poor Sylvie was going through.

He tried to turn back time in his thoughts and dreamed of himself offering her, even begging her, to go to the toilet even before they unfolded those ill-fated colored papers.

He also remembered joining Sylvie in the shower. When he had washed the fragrant foam off her, he knelt down and greedily pressed his tongue to her smooth pubis. It smelled fresh with hints of honey and vanilla, like her whole body. As soon as he had made a few touches with his tongue, she crossed her palms right in front of his face and her knees bent. And he watched her trembling legs and a yellow waterfall behind them. She didn’t even have time to warn him that she was going to pee. Apparently she had hoped to hold it in, but her body refused her. She was probably very shy in front of him, so she stopped as soon as she could. And he immediately continued his caresses. He probably should have turned away and offered her to use the toilet, but at that moment his thoughts were elsewhere.

She probably wants to pee again now. Because of him. He was angry with himself. He was powerless to fix anything.

###

The company left Belfort without even taking a short walk around the city. The place remained in their memory as an oasis of inhospitality. Although, if you look at it objectively, this nice city was not guilty of anything.

As soon as they reached the highway, the friends realized that the traffic situation had not improved. The flow of cars was moving faster than the previous evening, but it was still not normal.

The only thing that made everyone happy was Valerie's call to the hotel in Strasbourg. For some unknown reason, their room reservation was not cancelled, and they even promised to extend it for a day for 15 euros. In other words, for free. Now their main desire was to get there as quickly as possible.

After this news, Sylvie was ready for a good day. If they went to the Museum of Modern Art, and she really hoped that her friends would not refuse her this, she would prefer to stay there for a long time. And she also dreamed of wandering along the narrow streets without any rush and admiring these card houses, those very Alsatian houses. She dreamed of walking around the Cathedral several times, imbuing herself with its ancient spirit and then, perhaps, reflecting it in her graphic sketches.

She sat behind the wheel, and these dreams did not distract her from the road. On the contrary, they beckoned her, like a carrot to a donkey. Soon the traffic on the highway returned to normal, and Sylvie accelerated the car properly.

Her dreams were soon supplanted by a more mundane desire. Which very quickly became a mundane dream. It was a toilet. A regular women's restroom. Preferably clean. Preferably with toilet paper.

She looked around the area anxiously, looking for a gas station or a supermarket.

Not much time passed, and she began to be distracted from the road, glancing at the dashboard clock every now and then.

She was already dreaming of any restroom. Even with a single cubicle, shared by boys and girls. Even without a sink and without paper.

She glanced at the clock again. Then, looking at the road, she saw a gas station on the right, about a hundred meters away.

"Guys, watch the signs, we need to turn to that station," she asked and nodded in that direction.

"You just passed the exit there," Matthew said. "I'll tell you when the next one comes along."

"Oh! Is there no way to go back?" she asked plaintively.

"I'm afraid not".

Sylvie drummed her fingers on the leather steering wheel and rested her free hand between her legs. They hadn't gone a kilometre before they slowed down again and began to jostle through traffic. Her left knee bounced up and down slightly, pretending to dance to the music on the radio.

For the umpteenth time, she frozen her focus on the clock.

Suddenly the electronic security alarm sounded, but it was too late. Sylvie gasped softly and pressed the brake pedal all the way down. They heard a dull thud. The guys in the back hit their foreheads on the headrests of the front seats. Right in front of them was an old Jopel, its hazard lights flashing.

Sylvie slammed her fist on the steering wheel and stepped out of the car, followed by Lillian and Matthew.

Valerie watched through the window as Matthew installed the hazard sign and Sylvie apologized to the gray-haired old man. He waved his arms in displeasure but found nothing of substance on his bumper. Lillian and Matthew looked at their own car but only shrugged.

Sylvie looked around desperately and danced slightly in place. Then Matthew said something to her ear. She looked at him angrily, went back into the car and slammed the door.

"Could you sit next to me please?" she asked Valerie.

Meanwhile, the traffic jam ahead began to clear. The old man waved his hand and sped ahead.

Matthew took the driver's seat and Sylvie touched his arm: "Excuse me, Matt. I'm not angry. Just find the station, please."

They continued on their way. Soon Matthew overtook the old man in the Jopel and many others who were stuck in traffic ahead of them.

Valerie tried to engage her poor friend in conversation. She said something about the menu for lunch, about an evening visit to the theater, and about all sorts of things. But Sylvie was replying briefly and without enthusiasm, noticing herself that she was behaving impolitely, on the edge of detachment.

She looked down and rocked back and forth. It was obvious, the girl was really eager to go to the toilet. Valerie occasionally touched her bouncing knee, trying to calm her down. Sylvie allowed this to her, but avoided looking her in the eyes in embarrassment.

Valerie remembered that they both visited the toilet before leaving the hostel. But now she was completely fine, and for some reason her friend was not. She was going to ask what happened several times, but each time she lost her courage and could not find the words.

###

About a half an hour passed, and Matthew finally pulled off the highway. In front of them appeared a nondescript private gas station with a small supermarket. The kind you usually see in American movies about Arizona, Colorado or something like that.

Unfortunately, everything was not so good. The supermarket was open at this station, but the toilet was closed. About twenty car travelers were already languishing in line at the cashier. Among them were those who needed gas, so the line moved slowly.

Sylvie looked around desperately, looking for those poor souls who needed the same thing as her. She noticed that they were standing in line, holding small bottles of water in their hands. After buying, some ran to their cars, pouring the water on the hot asphalt as they ran, without any shame.

She almost cursed when she found the right shelf. One guy took the last bottles right in front of her.

On the shelf above there were still energy drinks in small tin cans. She quickly grabbed a few. Such haste was unnecessary, but Sylvie had already lost her composure at that moment. Two cans fell out of her hands and rolled under the shelf.

"It's okay, we caught them," she heard her friends' voices behind her. Matthew was carrying the lost drinks.

"You can go. I'll buy all this. It's not very cozy here," he said.

"You're right. Thank you," Sylvie said. Valerie took her arm and they walked to the car.

###

A fresh wind, now dying down, now strengthening, blew over their slender figures. They stood leaning against the hood of their car, waiting for the life-saving pee containers and exchanging short phrases. After each phrase, they fell silent in thought. Sometimes people passed by them, and they could hear fragments of their phrases. But the wind scattered the pieces of phrases to the sides, depriving their conversation of meaning for outside ears.

"What?! The whole night?!" Valerie exclaimed, her eyes wide.

She even moved away from the car to turn to her friend with a face full of pity and sympathy.

Sylvie said something in response, spreading her hands as if making excuses.

Valerie came closer and put her hands on her shoulders, stroking them. Then she stood next to Sylvie again and began to say something to her. At the same time, she gestured with her hands, sharply and emotionally.

"No, he's not!" Sylvie argued. "He's sweet and funny. He's a real gentle giant. Just a little bit flighty."

"And he's a bit of a poser. A bit frivolous and narcissistic," Valerie added. Then she gave a sly smile: "Yeah, and he's got this tiny . . ."

"Don't say that!" Sylvie cried out, offended. "Does it really matter!? What matters is that he cares. He's tormenting himself now, not knowing how to help me. He blames himself, while he has nothing to do with it."

"Who is to blame then?"

Sylvie bit her lip and muttered something in response. Then she nervously stepped away from the car and spun around, stamping her feet.

Their boyfriends appeared at the exit of the store. They were carrying open cans in their hands and drinking from them. They walked slowly, apparently not wanting to spill the drink on the ground.

The girls continued throwing short phrases at each other. It was obvious that they were arguing about something. Then Valerie quickly leaned over to her and began to explain something in her ear.

Sylvie stepped back, her mouth hanging open in shock.

"Are you serious!?" she screamed. "But this is total hardcore! Don't you feel sorry for him!? He's one of us."

"Don't take it that way," Valerie replied. "This isn't revenge. It's not even punishment."

"What is it then?" Sylvie chuckled.

"I would say it is an experience. Quite useful, and not only for him."

Sylvie grinned incredulously and stamped her feet again, trying to calm her body's impatience.

"Would you really want to continue holding a grudge against him? Do you need it?" Valerie continued to persuade.

Sylvie was silent, only occasionally tapping her heel on the ground.

"They're almost here. So, do you agree?"

"Yes, I agree," Sylvie nodded.

###

Before entering the highway, their car slowed down near a trash can. Three tiny tin cans, filled to the brim, were carefully sent into the black hole. Then the car rushed forward, as if it felt relief, a surge of fresh energy and good mood.

The walk through the pearl of Alsace was a complete success. Even Sylvie's wishes regarding her professional impressions came true. As for her little problem, of course, at first she made the whole company deviate from the route and wait for her while she spent time in the queue for the toilet. Matthew tried to support her and did not let her be sad about it. Sometimes he stood next to her in the queue and entertained her with conversation. She felt somehow calmer next to him. At least behind his broad back she could hide her potty-dances from passers-by.

After all the excursions and walks, the company returned to the hotel. They hung out in a cafe on a chic open balcony with a bird's eye view of the city. And stayed there until the end of the evening.

Sylvie watched as the twilight dissolved the evening's thick clouds, which quickly dispersed, and the evening turned into a clear, starry night. The city lights first glowed dimly, like Christmas lights, and then blinded you when you looked through them into the night.

She sipped her white wine and listened to her body. After all, it was her turn to play main character. Was she recovered enough to play today?

She finally decided that perhaps Matthew had been right when he said that she is a young and healthy girl. She was no longer in constant dialogue with her bladder, as she had been at noon. She only felt a slight tickle at the tip of her peehole. As it usually happens when you stop peeing in a hurry, although there is still a little inside.

###

Sylvie's hotel room, where the elections were held, looked almost like for VIP. It was very spacious, and there were not two, but four beautiful soft chairs. Valerie opened the door of the minibar and with her eyes invited Sylvie to look inside. She looked and smiled mysteriously. Guys haven't understood what this meant.

Then everyone scattered to the corners to write the assignments. This time it only took a minute, as if it had become something usual. Sylvie nervously clenched her sweaty palms in anticipation and thoughtfully stared at her reflection in the black window.

Then the boys sat down on their chairs.

Matthew looked at Sylvie with a concerned look. She looked into his eyes for a second, but immediately looked away. She felt a little awkward about what she was about to do. But the girls had already decided everything in advance. Don't be offended, Lillian. This is not punishment or revenge. It's just life experience. A very useful one, and not only for you, dear.

She dipped her fingers into the glass with green papers. There should be a rolled-up straw with a bent corner somewhere. Here it is.

Now a glass with red paper straws. And there should be the same one there.

Sylvie pressed both straws into a flat strip and smoothed it out. No one would notice that the corners were bent.

She knew what was written there. And she knew that tomorrow she would write something similar for Valerie.

Green sticker. For both. Drink the entire minibar in an hour and a half.

Red one. For both. To be outside the bed otherwise than: a guy carrying a girl in his arms. Her feet don't step anything.

It may not be entirely fair. But it is not punishment or revenge. It is just life experience.

"Lillian, I pick you tonight." Sylvie said in her signature voice. Kind and gentle, like a silk blanket. And she handed him two colored strips.

He smiled confusely. As if he doubted that this was his luck.

Sylvie came close to him and extended her hand. He took it, then rose from his chair and hesitantly embraced her.

She suddenly imagined herself in his shoes for all this night. And immediately she felt the familiar nervous tremor between her legs, which made her whole body go numb.

FIN


