Pokemon Omorashi: Desperate trip to Rustboro City

Author: keyaru-sama

*000*2017-01-06 14:52

This is omorashi story is fanmade. None of this is real excluding the prologue. It actually happened when Ash left for Kanto and Serena went to the Hoenn Region to enter Pokemon contests there. So she can learn more on being a Pokemon performer.

After leaving Ash and her friends in kalos on her way to the hoenn region, Serena made her next leap in becoming a Pokemon performer.Once she got off the plane, Serena went to a nearby Pokemon center to call back in kalos to tell her friends she arrived. She greater clemont and Bonnie and also her mom telling she will learn more hear. After the call Serena had a big lunch. She also drank about 3 big cups of icetea after eating. She rested for a while and drank a cup of tea, while chewing on a donut for dessert. A few minutes have passed she felt a twinge in her bladder, but she just ignored it. She went out and practice new moves for the Pokemon contests. She trained with braixen and sylveon, and after a while braixen rested and panchum and sylveon are working on a move. Before Serena left she got her pokedex and registered for the Pokemon contests. While registering she was bouncing and fidgetting a bit. She made her way to Rustboro city, where the first contest will take place.

Before Serena left, she drank a small cup of tea and two water bottles. She also took one for the road. About two hours of walking Serena started to feel twinges in her bladder. She ignored it and kept walking until she can reach the next Pokemon center. While walking she must have drank half of the bottle by then. This is when she was getting desperate. She felt aches coming from her bladder, saying that she should release what she has, before an accident takes place. But with the shy bladder Serena has she couldn't do it. She would have just hold it until she gets to the Pokemon center. The sun was about a few minutes from setting and she was still a long way from the Pokemon center and she was starting to do the peepee dance. She was bouncing from side to side and constantly holding her crotch to make sure nothing escapes.

When the sun finally set, Serena knew she was gonna have to camp out for the night. She set up her tent and made dinner for herself and her Pokemon. Serena made tea so she can sleep without her bladder bothering her. But it wasn't easy drinking something that could make you have an accident. After eating Serena practiced again for the contests. When braixen and Panchum where doing a duet, Serena felt a huge ache coming from her bladder. This made her stop and fall, she leaked a bit. Her Pokemon came to see what happened but she said it was alright. Serena changed into her pajamas, pink shorts and a pink jacket, and got ready for bed.

Around the middle of the night Serena woke up because of the fact she can't hold it anymore. She started grabbing her crotch and doing a peepee dance. Serena felt a stream of urine escape her bladder and into her shorts. She trembled and fell to the ground. She took a look at the damage and saw that the leak is as big as a golf ball. Serena was really desperate at this point. She only has two options, pee in the woods or pee her shorts. She couldn't make up her mind until another stream escaped. Now the damage done is as big as a pokeball. Serena made a desperate dash to the woods, looking for a spot where no one can see her. While searching she heard a gushing river beside the path she was walking on.

She leaked a bit but was able to control it with no more further damage. When she found a bush behind a boulder, she knew it was go here or pee herself. When Serena finally squatted down and ready to pull her shorts down, a beedrill came out of now where and attacked her. She chose braixen to make it flee with flamethrower. The beedrill ran off and braixen was about to return to her pokeball when she saw Serena crying. That's when Serena couldn't handle the pressure anymore and started to wet herself. Her shorts quickly darkned and her legs became warm. A part of her shoes got wet too. Serena was crying in embarrassment of wetting herself at her age. She was ashamed of what happened. Braixen helped her up and they got back to their tent. Serena changed her clothes into clean ones and braixen helped her clean up. Both if them never told anyone or talked about it to each other after that.

After waking up, Serena and her Pokemon ate breakfast and packed up. Serena put what happens last night behind her and set of to Rustboro city to enter the first Pokemon contests, As the journey continues...

More fanfiction omorashi stories will be posted soon. Comment below to tell me what and who you want next time. (I think a Pokemon wetting is up next, maybe with fennekin or braixen)

