I Think my Boss Needs to Pee

Author: knockonthedoor

*003*2021-10-07 20:58

*A/N: Based on collected feedback, I've decided to cut down this chapter into 3 parts. The next will be released Saturday 10/9/2021. While this chapter contains exclusively pee content with no wetting, it will be the only chapter thus far to do so. Unless that's the kind of content you all want. Continued feedback is welcome and encouraged, I hope this new format is easier to read.

PART 2.1: A New Beginning

Mary-Ann wanted to cry. Her checks burned with embarrassment. She wanted to address Karenna but she couldn’t find the words. She turned to her protégé and could only muster a weak tone of voice

“I..I…I’m sorry…” That was all she could utter

Karenna’s mouth was agape in shock, attempting to stay modest, she covered it with her hand. The palatable tension and shock didn’t help Mary-Ann as she felt her eyes start to well up with tears. She tried to cool her burning cheeks with a quick fan of her left hand. In a defeated voice, she tried to gain some control of the situation.

“I was dying this morning and…the meeting was so long…” her voice trailed off again. Rather than taking the conversation back into her court, it only served to deepen her embarrassment. It was Karenna’s turn to speak.

“Can you change? You can’t go out like that”

“Yeah, my gym clothes, I can wear them from this morning. Mary-Ann paused “I was about to go get them”

Karenna nodded, attempting to cut through the awkwardness of the situation. Maybe she should try a joke. Before she could say anything, Mary-Ann turned slowly back towards the doors and walked towards her car.

As she started to stifle her tears, Mary-Ann hurried as quickly to her car as her heels would let her, their dampness causing her feet to slide more than they normally would. She opened the back door of her SUV and started rifling through her gym clothes, collecting her workout undergarments and shoes as well. There was no one around, and as her bladder had refilled from her disaster, she felt the urge to pee again. Though not nearly as bad as before, she still had an uncomfortable thought flow into her mind.

Pee here. No one can see you. Your clothes are already ruined, what does it matter? Let go. Through your panties again.

She physically shook her head, as if trying to free herself from her own mind for a moment. She reached to the glove box in the front seat, a stretch from where she was standing, and grabbed her makeup kit from the compartment. She hustled back to her office, She could see Karenna still looking at her from her desk through the glass. As Mary-Ann reentered the building and turned toward the bathroom Karenna tried to lighten the mood.

“Bathrooms that way” She grinned a bold grin.

It didn’t help, Mary-Ann put her head down in shame and felt her face glow in embarrassment again. Upon entering the bathroom, she took off her heels and attempted to peel off her ruined pantyhose. They stuck to her legs. Her urine had acted like an adhesive, and Mary-Ann struggled to peel them off at first. Once she finally rolled them down, they fell onto the tiled floor with a heavy slap. Her white panties were stained with her pee and had become nearly see through. She scratched at her thighs and walked to the toilet, leaving on her panties. Another thought entered her mind.

Pee them.

This time Mary-Ann put up less resistance as she sat down on the toilet. She observed her soiled panties and pulled them closer to herself, wedging the wet fabric through her vagina lips. She felt as shiver go up her spine and for the first time in her life, attempted to pee through her panties. She relaxed and expected to feel the same warm sensation she had just experienced a few hours ago. Nothing. She closed her eyes and attempted again to relax. Nothing still. She had to pee, but still, nothing. She tried a third time, but this time she let go of her panties and pushed. She visualized pushing her bladder beyond her mental barrier and this time felt a rush through her urethra towards her pee hole.

Then it stopped. It was as if she could feel her pee right at her opening, waiting to get out. But she couldn’t. Or so she thought. A quick warm spurt rewet the fabric of her panties. But it stopped. Before any urine even hit the toilet water, Mary-Ann tensed up again. Then it hit her. She was sitting in her office, attempting to pee her panties for the second time that day. Sanity kicked in again as well as a wave of desperation and she pulled her wet panties to the side, her pee jetting out this time and splashing into the bowl with incredible force.

As she held the fabric to the side, she felt drops of pee splashing against her fingers. She almost felt like putting her panties back on now that her urine was freely flowing. As her stream began to dwindle, and arc back towards her opening, she removed her hand and let her panties slide back towards her small flow. Feeling as though she only had a little left she pulled her panties back over herself. Again that warm sensation pooled around her nethers and this time, a few drops made their way through the tired fabric and into the bowl. She stood up and wiped her tights down with toilet paper, but instead of wiping herself, she simply slipped off her panties.

They too hit the floor with unusual weight, and reminded Mary-Ann of her accident. Bunching her panties and pantyhose back into a tight ball, she threw them in the corner and removed her work clothes. Seeing her nude body in the mirror, she almost felt like masturbating. She didn’t, but she knew she was horny. As she grabbed her gym clothes she saw her wet panties again and felt ashamed. Perhaps her arousal was just to cover her predicament, but either way, she still had to get back out there. She slipped her pink panties on, along with her grey spandex and white tank top. She fixed her makeup and threw her hair back into a ponytail. She almost felt like herself again. But then she picked up the ball of undergarments that she had uncontrollably wet herself in. Now that she held them, they smelled like pee. She tried to hide them by wrapping her blouse and skirt around them. She didn’t care if these got wet, they were going to the cleaners.

When Mary-Ann stepped back into the hall, she could see that they had a visitor. Tyler, a real estate agent was in the middle of a conversation with Karenna. Thinking quickly, Mary-Ann hid her ball of work clothes behind her back and walked closer to the wall. She hoped that Karenna would think quick enough to distract Tyler and that Mary-Ann could sneak by unnoticed. Too late, as soon as Tyler turned, he saw Mary-Ann.

$$

*005*2021-10-08 19:20

{{14 hours ago, notthewees said:

I love the business setting and the dynamic between the women. Pencil skirt wettings are always fun. However, I have to post this or it will haunt me:

The vulva is the boat. The vagina and the urethral opening are separate floor drains inside the boat. The same pelvic floor muscles support the bladder and the vagina internally, but they are ultimately separate structures.

}}

So I’ve had this backwards my whole life…imagine that, the public school system failing basic sex ed.

*006*2021-10-09 17:50

Part 2.2: Through Thick and Thin; and with Plenty of Disinfectant

*A/N: While it takes a bit to get to the interesting bits, I wanted for focus on character development here. The way that I wrote this was as if Mary-Ann's accident was like a bob going off, there the fallout from it, and all of the things that can come from this event. Let me know if I actually achieve some solid character development here. I know Karenna might seem a little too loyal right now, but it will payoff in the coming chapters. The final part for Chapter 2 will be posted on Tuesday 10/12/2021

Smiling, Tyler extended his hand

“You got a present for me?” He was joking, but it didn’t take him a moment to figure out the Mary-Ann had something behind her back. She smiled back, trying to save face

“No, no. It’s for my building.” She lied

“Oh, I didn’t know you closed on that, congrats!”

“Thanks, yeah that was about eight months ago.”

“What’s the occasion?”

“What do you mean?”

“Isn’t that a gift? Are you having some sort of an event?”

“No, it’s not a gift. No event.”

“Then what is it?”

“It’s...you know. A thing”

Tyler gave a confused look. “Is it something I’m not supposed to know about?”

“No, it’s just not important” Mary-Ann looked over to Karenna for assistance

“Tyler, you said you had some closings, and we’d be happy to accommodate a space for you.” Karenna leaned forward accentuating her breasts a little. “Why don’t I show you around?”

“Uh…yeah, sure. I’d like that”

“Mary-Ann, you’ve got to go, I know, I’ll see you later” Mary-Ann couldn’t be more thankful for Karenna’s resourcefulness and made sure to keep her wetted clothes behind her as she exited.

As Karenna rose from her desk, she walked Tyler towards the conference room that she and Mary-Ann had met in this morning. She subtlety swayed her hips in an attempt to accentuate her backside. As they walked into the conference room she gestured towards the size of the room. Karenna turned to face Tyler.

“I’m sure this will do just fine. You’re going to use me as your originator. She stepped closer to him “right?”

“Uh, yeah, sure. That sounds nice.” He smiled nervously

Karenna smiled flirtatiously back

“Well, get to it then”

As Tyler attempted to stammer something else, Karenna was happy at how quickly he melted. She walked him back to the front door, saw him out and sat back down at her desk. She had a text message waiting for her on her personal cell. It was Mary-Ann.

Thanks for the cover. Could you also make an appointment to get the carpet in my office cleaned?

Yeah no problem

Thanks! You’re the best. Don’t say anything about it please I’m so ashamed

Happens to the best of us

Before she turned onto the highway, Mary-Ann pulled her SUV into a gas station. She knew it looked odd to be dressed in workout clothes and have her expensive purse with her, but as she walked into the convenience store, she felt a little devilish knowing that of all the patrons, only she knew why her outfit didn’t match her purse. Aside from gas, she was hungry, hungry enough to order from the fast food counter. She debated with herself on getting the large water cup, but with how salty her meal was- plant based or not, she knew she needed it.

After paying for her food and gas, Mary-Ann began to fuel her car when she got a call from Karenna.

“Hey boss, the steam cleaner can’t get here until next week. Is the carpet going to be ok?”

“Um” Mary-Ann’s face blushed with embarrassment “No, probably not.”

“What should I do then? I can’t find another local place.”

“I’m not sure, I just know it can’t be good for it to sit like that.” Mary-Ann’s SUV was filled and she climb back inside the cabin.

“Did you ever have a pet or something? I mean...”

“What do you mean?” Mary-Ann felt a flash of anger

“I’m just saying I never did! I don’t know how to treat a rug like this.” Karenna wasn’t sure if she should apologize or feel miffed that her boss was angry at her for not knowing how to clean piss out of a carpet.

“Look, just ask the internet.” Mary-Ann felt herself getting hysterical as her embarrassment had turned itself into misplaced anger at Karenna. She attempted to apologize “I’m sorry, could you just figure it out yourself?” It sounded more forceful than she wanted.

Karenna was silent for a moment “Alright”

Mary-Ann thanked her and hung-up. Disgusted with how she just acted towards her protégé, she tried to block it out of her mind as she drove down the highway.

How to clean piss out of a rug

Karenna searched the question on her work computer, there was no way she was typing that phrase into her personal phone. She perused through a number of articles on dog and cat training, with the underlying ingredient appearing to be baking soda.

How to clean your boss’s piss out of her rug after she got mad at you for pissing herself

Karenna erased her next query before even hitting “enter”. She couldn’t help but type out her anger, if only for a moment. She refined her search

How to clean human piss out of a rug

She again found baking soda to be the most common answer, as well as another person suggesting Himalayan salt, but she still cobbled together a list.

Mary-Ann finished her lunch and was nearly done with her water cup as she barreled down the rural highway. Her silent driving was broken by a call back from Karenna.

“I think the best bet is going to be baking soda and disinfectant.”

“Ok.” Mary-Ann wasn’t sure why Karenna had called just to say that

“Should I put it on the business card?” Oh. That’s why she called

“They count as office supplies, sure.” There was a pause. “I’m not really angry with you. It’s just not something I’ve had to ask of you before. Or thought I ever would have to.” She swallowed in shame, hoping to drown her pride too. Karenna didn’t respond. Mary-Ann continued

“It’s just that I really had to go when I got in this morning. And we were so busy…” The silence weighed down on the conversation. Mary-Ann broke through the last of her pride.

“I really just couldn’t hold it anymore. It started coming out, and the only thing I could do was try not to get it on the chair. You’ve done nothing but help me through it, you’re gone above and beyond.” Mary-Ann started to feel an overwhelming scene of thankfulness for Karenna and started to tear up at the experience of her morning.

“Well, I still believe in you, boss. I’m shocked this happened, but I’ll give you this one.” Karenna tried another joke “I think we all get at least one free pass to piss ourselves in life, sometimes you just got to go.”

Mary-Ann chuckled at this one, it helped quell her emotions. “I guess I just used mine then.”

“I guess you did. Alright, let me get these things for you and I’ll be on my way.”

Mary-Ann finished her water cup and continued towards her rental property.

Karenna packed up her personal items from her desk and walked out the door, noting that all of the pee talk with her boss and her soda from lunch had begun to make a move on her own bladder. The general store near their office park was not that far away, and she knew she could wait until she got back to their office bathroom. She put her purse down in her passenger seat as she fell into her sedan. As she pulled out of the parking lot, she was surprised at the amount of traffic that was in the lane she needed to cross into. Instead she took the traffic lane in the opposite direction she needed to go, just to be able to get onto the road.

Taking an extra ten minutes just to find a suitable place to turn around had caused Karenna to change her plans. Even though she hated the idea, she was going to use the toilet at the store. After witnessing Mary-Ann’s ordeal, and being forced to clean it up, made her recontextualize her feelings around unfamiliar bathrooms. The store was just a few moments away, but the nearly standstill traffic had also caused Karenna to doubt she should fight it on the way back.

As Mary-Ann passed through the small downtown just outside her rental, she felt her bladder call out to her again. Normally she would have tried to wait until she got back to her own home, but today’s ordeal had shifted her behavior. As she cut through the residential streets in this rural town, she finally pulled into the parking area for her small double duplexes. Both Donovan and the contractor for the air conditioning unit were already there. She would have to wait to use one of the duplex’s toilets.

A half an hour had passed and Karenna could finally see the sign for the discount store. With her need having grown in that time, she was happy to finally see relief in sight. Another five minutes passed before she could turn into the parking lot, still unaware of what caused the delay, she got out of her car and grabbed her purse. She was happy that her need was not so great that she had to hold herself, but Karenna quickened her pace as she entered through the sliding doors.

As Mary-Ann stepped out of her vehicle, she was greeted by a number of small lawn signs stuck in the grass facing the road. Each one with a hashtag or website address that she was unfamiliar with. Donovan walked over an extended his hand to shake.

“Just in time, thanks for coming out so late.”

“What’s with this?” Mary-Ann gestured to the signs

“Someone must have put them in.”

“One of my tenants?”

“Not sure, haven’t asked. I could take ‘em out if you want.”

“Find out if its someone here first. If it is, I’ll talk with them. Otherwise, I’ll need you to take it to the city.”

“The city?”

“It’s illegal to put signs in someone else’s lawn. No idea what this one’s for but I don’t want it.”

Donovan studied the signs. He squinted to read the print.

“Oh. This is for that mechanic.”

“I’m sorry?”

“Yeah, he was working, and someone came up and shot him.” Donovan made a gun gesture with his finger.

“Bang. Yeah, everyone ‘round here is tore up about it. Nice guy. Or was.”

“I still don’t want a hashtag in my lawn.”

Donovan put his hands up to feign submission. “Alright. But you might get some resistance.”

Mary-Ann shrugged. Donovan led her to the man delivering the parts. She signed off on the delivery and paid for the part. As the man climb back into his van she turned to Donovan.

“You dragged me out here on a two hour drive for this?”

She followed him as he walked over to the malfunctioning air conditioning.

“Not my policy on the signature thing.” He opened a flap on the side of the unit and started to work on the issue.

“But if this was all you needed me for, couldn’t you have just sent the paper work over to me?”

“You don’t take faxes.”

Mary-Ann was beyond irritated “Because its 2021. You could have just scanned it and sent it in an email.”

“Then how would they know it was you?”

“Because I’d have a copy in my inbox.”

Donovan stopped working for a moment. “Oh yeah. Sorry, I was just trying to get this done today.”

Mary-Ann rolled her eyes. If Donovan wasn’t such a handy man he’d never have been hired. But an honest man was hard to find these days. Still, she now knew about the unwanted sign and could use it to ask for a bathroom. Her need had continued to grow as she had been standing outside.

Karenna held the box of baking soda close to her as she scanned the shelves for disinfectant. For the highest shelves she needed to stand on her toes to figure out what items they had. The constant standing and bending over had caused her bladder to expand and contract, increasing her need to the point where she actually considered using the store bathroom instead of waiting to get back to the office.

“Can I help you with anything?” A thin man in a monotone voice asked

“Could you tell me where the disinfectant is?”

“At the end of the isle. May I ask what brand you are considering purchasing?”

Karenna thought it was an odd question but she answered it anyway

“I don’t know, whichever one is cheapest.”

“I would advise you against that. It’s important to get one the actually works sometimes they don’t actually work they just smell nice they put a picture of lemon on some of the cheaper ones and they do not smell like lemon not that I have smelled a lemon but I still think these companies should be more accurate in what they sell but I guess you could not sell the scent that some of them have. Here I’ll show you them.”

As the boring man led Karenna down the aisle, she began to walk with her thighs unconsciously closer together. This helped squeeze her womanhood and ease the building pressure in her abdomen. When they got to the end of the aisle, he showed Karenna an entire rack of disinfectant.

“These are all of the ones we have here” In one motion he grabbed the middle container and showed it to Karenna.

“This one is my favorite I use it when I have to clean mothers house it is very reliable and you can use it with the elderly because it does not smell I had my cousin Frank who was old die because of the chemicals they put in the cheap ones we were all sad when Frank died because he was funny but I got his silver dollar collection out of it so I guess it could have been worse. Do you have relatives miss?”

Karenna nodded

“So do I. Some are nice others go to prison. I do not see the ones that went to prison all that often I think its because they are in jail cousin Frank used to say it was like time-outs for adults which was funny but it was his son in prison so I guess you have to make jokes like that when you raise a criminal. I never wanted to be a criminal that is why I work here.

Karenna needed to get out of this speech and grabbed the can from the boring man. She was kicking the carpeted floor with her heel, both out of boredom and out of a desire to stave off the need to piss.

“Thanks for the recommendation. Where are the bathrooms?”

“In the back” He pointed to the back of the store where there was an outlet with a large sign above it that said RESTROOMS. He continued with another boing talk

“You know when I was little mother used to tell me that father was swallowed up by the monster in the bathtub so I never wanted to go in there I was not potty trained until I was seven and even then it took longer to get me to shower sometimes I still fear whatever is in the bathroom at night that is why I sleep with the light on.”

As he rambled on, Karenna slowly backed away with a fake smile, and headed towards the restrooms. The boring man was still talking to her.

“Turns out my father was not eaten by a bathroom monster but he died in the parking lot of a bar before I was born. Heroin. Anyway, enjoy your disinfectant.”

Karenna ducked into the small alcove in the wall and opened the swinging door to the ladies room. A decent sized bathroom, it had three stalls, and the middle one was occupied. Her heels clicked on the clean tile floor as she swung the far stall door open. As she put the disinfectant in her purse and hung it on the hook on the inside of the door, the woman next to her started to pee. Karenna heard the urine splash into the toilet and her own need increased dramatically. It always happened to her, and she briefly flashed back to times when she had been desperate in school or a club and the sound of other women peeing nearly made her wet herself. Karenna fiddled with her belt, just as she had in the morning, and the sound of the other woman’s pee stopped.

After a few moments, the stall next to her came alive again with the sound of a quick stream of piss jetting into the toilet. Karenna rolled her eyes as she finally got her belt undone, her need now annoyingly greater than it was. The motion of swinging her pants and panties to the floor and sitting on the toilet was swift and Karenna sighed in spite of herself, her own stream quickly starting. It was nice, the annoyance of the entire trip melting away as her wide stream of piss hissed out of her. More so recounting the whole experience to herself Karenna said aloud

“Man, that guy would not stop talking.”

“Oh, you must have met Allan. Nice guy but he never really shuts up” The other woman was talking to Karenna from her own stall. Not really wanting to engage in a conversation, and certainly not while she was pissing into the toilet, Karenna mumbled a response

“..yeah.”

“I heard from a girl who used to work here that he once talked to her so long that she started to pee herself. I wonder if that’s why she doesn’t work here anymore.”

Karenna didn’t respond, the entire awkward situation exemplified her strange day. She turned her head down and simply watched the rest of her stream spray out of her vagina. The other woman had finished peeing, and to avoid talking with whomever had an anecdote about a fellow employee, Karenna waited. Instead of wiping right away, Karenna continued to drip, her bladder now empty. The other women didn’t move. The only sound in the bathroom was the occasional drop of piss exiting Karenna. With the other woman distracted or simply not paying attention, Karenna quickly grabbed a sheet of toilet paper and wiped herself. Dumping the used paper into the slightly yellow toilet water, she pulled up her pants and grabbed her purse. The sound of her flushing toilet covered her washing her hands quickly and she left the restroom, not looking back to see if the other woman had exited.

*007*2021-10-12 16:55

A/N: The conclusion to chapter 2. While I apologize for just the peeing scenes in this chapter, I think it's important to have variety. The Story is still building here so there isn't a ton of plot other than to further characterize Mary-Ann here. We have the interludes next up which will feature 2 wetting scenes and one "just made it" scene. These are not full chapters and will be shorter than full blown chapters, while still delivering plot content. Interlude 1 will be posted Thursday 10/14/2021.

Chapter 2.3: Her World Began Anew

Mary-Ann knocked on the door. No response. She knocked again. Still nothing. She folded her arms and paced back and forth on the concrete porch. The large water she had to drink was also starting to fill her well-used bladder and pacing kept her mind off of it. At last the heavy door opened and an older gentleman answered her knock.

“Is the air fixed yet?” He sounded grumpy

“No. But I-“

“Well, it ain’t rent day, an’ I’m not doing anything wrong. What do you want?”

“Did you put that sign up?”

“Yeah. What of it?”

“Could you take it down? I don’t want political messages on the lawn.”

“It ain’t no political sign. Haven’t you got any respect for a man who was murdered?”

“It’s not about that, I don’t want others to think that they can put up signs.”

The man grumbled something to himself and started to close the door. Mary-Ann was about to ask if she could use his bathroom, but thought better of it. He didn’t seem very hospitable at the moment. Her body was angry with her for not asking, and the pressure in her abdomen was becoming more consistent. Mary-Ann walked back around to the side of the building, where Donovan was still working on the air conditioning.

“Could you make sure that those signs are gone by next week? If not, I might have him evicted.” Mary-Ann shouted towards Donovan. Climbing out from the box, he responded

“I really think your making a mistake by pressing the issue here Mary-Ann. That mechanic was popular around here.”

“I’ll think about it, but I still want you to check back here in a week. Unless you need anything else from me, I’m heading back.”

“Go on, I’ve got nothing else for you. Sorry for getting you out here, I’m not much for computers you know. Didn’t even think about a scanner.”

Mary-Ann looked towards the lonely main road. She wouldn’t have normally brought it up, but her experience earlier made her reconsider.

“Is there a place where I could stop and use the restroom? Some of the places I passed didn’t look all that clean.”

“I wouldn’t go to any of the places around here. Lately there’s been someone with a camera hanging around women’s bathrooms. If it weren’t for the shooting of that mechanic, I think that’d be the biggest story.”

Mary-Ann tapped her foot as she thought of her options. The highway didn’t yield very many exits in this rural area, certainly none that she would be comfortable finding a spot to pee. She decided to extricate herself from her conversation with Donovan and headed back to her car.

Karenna unlocked and opened the office door. She took both the purchased baking soda and disinfectant from the plastic bag and tossed it into the trash. Walking by her own desk at the front of the suite, she made her way to Mary-Ann’s office. Not really knowing what to expect, she opened the door a bit cautiously. Everything looked just as it normally did. The wet bar to her right was undisturbed, and the large bookcase behind Mary-Ann’s desk was as neat as ever.

It wasn’t until she looked down at the carpet that she saw the evidence of her boss’s deed. A large dark patch, which touched Mary-Ann’s desk and its circumference nearly reached the potted plant next to the opposite wall. Karenna’s jaw dropped in shock and she covered her mouth with her hand. She could only imagine how bad Mary-Ann must have had to piss. Part of her wondered what it would feel like to pee on herself like that. Did it just happen? Was it just for relief? Did it feel good? Either way, when she got the job here, she never imagined she would be dumping baking soda and spraying disinfectant on her boss’s piss stain.

Mary-Ann had been driving for roughly 30 minutes before the Bluetooth system in her SUV notified her of a text. It was from Karenna. Mary-Ann had the system read the text aloud.

Cleaned up your office. Headed home. Strange day all around.

Mary-Ann wanted to respond, but she wasn’t entirely sure how too. It was hard not to relive her accident when everything seemly reminded her of it. The two-lane highway wasn’t giving her much to gawk at and her only option was to drive and be reminded of her filling bladder. She reflected on her impure thoughts and arousal after her wetting. She had no one to share this with, and part of her still refused to admit to herself that she might have a pee kink.

It wasn’t just any kink too, she had wet her panties in her office and was even found out, and she was aroused. Was it because Karenna didn’t tease her? This question lingered in Mary-Ann’s mind. Why didn’t Karenna make a bigger deal of it? Mary-Ann wondered if it was just a façade, in the fallout from her accident, had she lost the respect of her protégé? These questions, with no real answers, bothered her, but her bladder was becoming more of a bother. As she passed another exit, she noticed the exit had no signs for places to stop, and in the light summer evening, all she could see was the exit ramp and a bridge that extended over the highway.

Nothing but trees lined the sides of the road and the breakdown lane was as thin as it could be. With her options seemingly limited, she would have time to explore her newfound interest in peeing, whether she wanted to or not.

45 minutes had passed and Mary-Ann’s discomfort had again turned into desperation. Her abdomen was tight. Her gut was extended with her bladder full of pee. She had been trying to focus on driving for the past 10 minutes but she ached for relief. Her desperation had mounted to the point where her driving speed had become inconsistent as her knees shifted to try and aid her muscles. Desperately she kept her eyes trained on the side of the highway, trying to will an exit or rest stop into existence. She had driven this route before. She knew it would be another twenty minuets on this highway before she could connect onto an interstate with rest areas and populated exits. She passed anther exit with just a single road leading into the woods. Time was moving slowly, and waves of desperation started to hit Mary-Ann harder.

Despite her growing interest in pee, there was no way she was going to try it in her car. She could feel it though. A pressure built right up against her vaginal walls. After her experience this morning, Mary-Ann was seriously doubting her ability to hold on. She checked her SUV’s built-in GPS. Still another 17 minutes until she could start looking for a proper rest area. Mary-Ann bent forward as much as she could. Her seatbelt was pressing against her swollen bladder and only served to make matters worse.

A cold shiver. A ping of pleasure. There it was again, Mary-Ann had to pee and yet she was aroused, horny, even. Taking her dominant hand off of the steering wheel, she rested her forearm over her crotch and dug her fist into her inner thigh. An unusual bid to relieve some of the pressure she felt, but it helped for a moment. Mary-Ann exhaled in exasperation. It was just like a workout at the gym, though she doubted the physical results would be as rewarding. Her breathing intensified, she looked at her estimated time on the GPS again. 15 minutes.

Should she let a little out? Would it help if she darkened her grey leggings? There was a devil on her shoulder telling her to. She thought of the bill to clean her seat. No. 13 minutes until her exit. She looked to the left. Trees and an open lane. She expected that, but her options were limited. She looked to the right, a field. She expected that too. But she was desperate; her legs shook inadvertently. 12 minutes. She took her SUV around the gentle bend. Mary-Ann was aware of how badly she had to pee. Panicking that she was about to flood her car. An idea; her gym water bottle.

She looked in her back seat. Only to see her silver water bottle rolling behind her passenger seat. She made a move for it. Out of reach. The movement took her eyes off the road and she started to swerve into the breakdown lane. Once her SUV hit the rumble strips she put her eyes back on the road. The motion had pressed down on her bladder even harder and she swore she could feel wetness. She scanned her car again for options. The fast food water cup. It was large, so it had to be her best option. It was that or pee in her seat and wet herself again. She picked it up without taking her eyes off the road. The cup presented two problems. The ice had melted and refiled nearly a quarter of the cup, and Mary-Ann had no idea how she was supposed to pee into it. She figured that she should pull over, and she put her hazard lights on.

As Mary-Ann put the car in park, she whined in desperation, which had gotten worse since relief was close in theory. Undoing her seatbelt and taking the lid off of the cup was the obvious first step. She tried to position herself by moving in an awkward crouch, trying to slide her leggings off, but the movement sloshed the pee around inside her. She was met with pain from her weakening muscles and felt a spurt of pee rush into her panties. Huffing in exasperation and moaning in a desperate struggle, she wiggled her leggings down to her ankles. She could she a large dark patch on her pink panties. She wiggled those down to her knees as best she could. When the air of the car reached her exposed genitals, she couldn’t help but leak again. Just a little bit. Still slightly crouched, she placed the wide mouth of the cup against her bare skin.

Mary-Ann finally relaxed. Within seconds her SUV was filled with the sounds of urine splashing against plastic and water. Mary-Ann gave out a near orgasmic cry. Shivers and feelings of relief ran up from her peeing vagina up through her chest and body. As the cup filled it became heavy. For a moment though, Mary-Ann didn’t care; she just wanted to pee. It was warm, and the heat of her spray was felt through the cup and against her hand. She looked down, the cup was nearly full, and she was nowhere near done. There wasn’t much she could think of doing. But she had to find a way as her pee overflowed and began to run onto her seat.

“Oh no!” She exclaimed “Ah…I…I have…to stop.” She panted through her relief.

She tried to stop, and through much pain, she did. She removed the cup and put it on the car dashboard, her hand now covered in pee. She could feel it coming back and she jammed her-pee covered hand over her nude crotch. Only half-thinking she could only picture herself squatting to finish, and she unlocked her car door with her free hand. She remembered her leggings and her panties. She started to move but they restricted her and Mary-Ann was worried that she might trip exiting her high-ride vehicle. It didn’t matter now, it was too much for her to hold it anymore, and Mary-Ann started to pee into her hand.

The warm liquid spurting through her fingers and onto her seat again. The surprise caused her to remove her hand. With an audible patter her stream was ruining her driver’s seat. Mary-Ann climbed out anyway, in an ungraceful waddle, peeing the entire time. It splattered her driver’s door and the exterior paint as her feet touched the ground. Now she stood, naked from the waist down, with her backside to the traffic with a long pee stream splattering the pavement below her. It didn’t take long for the rest of her bladder to empty itself onto the pavement, and as her stream had become a drip, Mary-Ann exhaled. Her swollen clit throbbed. She was wet, in more ways than one. A lone car sped by and honked as Mary-Ann started to pull up her wet panties and dry leggings. The wet fabric of her undergarments nearly sent her over the edge. She bit her lower lip and let out a moan.

Climbing back into her SUV, she took one last look at the puddle on the dry pavement. A small fraction of what had occurred in her car. Before she sat down, she grabbed her pee-filled cup and emptied it onto the pavement, increasing the size of her puddle. Mary-Ann put her cup back in her cupholder and sat back down without inspecting the damage. All of her urine had flowed to the back of her seat. It was a puddle, and it immediately soaked the butt of her leggings.

They started to soak up the rouge liquid as it spread across her cheeks. The penetrating wetness of the now cool urine caused a new rush of feeling towards her wet pussy. An overflow of emotions came of Mary-Ann, she began to rock back and forth in her seat. She sighed, she moaned. She rubbed her awaiting snatch. Mary-Ann came. Soaking in her cold pee and new pleasant relief, she sunk back into her seat. As she did she felt a small leak wet her panties. Whether it was sex juices or pee, she didn’t know. But what Mary-Ann did know, was that she liked being wet and she liked pee

*009*2021-10-12 22:11

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

I love this story! Looking forward to the next chapter

}}

If you’re a fan of intentional wetting, I’m sure you’ll enjoy the next post on Thursday!
