Hetalia: Bulgaria X Romania On The Bus

Author: Kakuzu

*000*2017-05-20 23:13

Romania: Wake up its 7:00

Bulgaria: oh. Seven!

Bulgaria Jumps Out Of Bed To Get Ready. As He Is Doing That He Gulps Down A Massavie Jug Of Water.

Romania: Ready yet?

Bulgaria: Almost

Bulgaria Gets His Jacket On. Romania Leaves First And Sees Bulgaria Stop.

Bulgaria: I won't go we will be late.

With That They Leave The House And Wait For The Bus To Come. That Long Wait Bulgaria Was Getting Very Desperate.

Bulgaria: Be right back

Bulgaria Runs Into A Near By Store.

Store Manager: May I help you?

Bulgaria: Bathroom?

Manager: Sorry thats for paying costomers.

Bulgaria Runs Outside To See If Romania Has Money.

Romania: Huh? What you need?

Bulgaria: We have enough money to buy something thats like 5€?

Romania: No just bus money. Sorry.

Bulgaria: Dang It!

A Couple More Hours Pass While They Are On The Bus.

Bulgaria Is Standing Up Because He Doesn't Want To Pee All Over His Crush.

Bulgaria Relizes The Bus Never Stopped.

Bulgaria: I don't know if I can wait any longer -he said to himself-

Romania: Are you ok?

Bulgaria: Y-yes he said

He Felt A Stream Come Out. He Blushed His Face As Red As Romania's Eyes.

Romania Just Looks At Him. He Knows Bulgaria.

Romania: -Whispers- Do you need to pee?

Bulgaria: Yes! -He Cries- I think I'm going to burst!

Bulgaria Feels More Streams By The Second Soon Full On Soaking His Pants. The Two Get Off At The Next Stop.

Romania: A fost sexy

Bulgaria: Taci

Romania: Hey Bulgaria. You know I like you.

Bulgaria: I also like you.

*INSTERT LE BLUSH*

*INSTERT LE KISS*

Bulgaria: ^¬^

Romania: ;)

