The Students and Faculty at Howe High

Author: knockonthedoor

*004*2022-06-16 12:41

A/N: Wow! This story features the most amount of different girls peeing or wetting that I have ever written. A total of 13 different descriptions! For this one, I combined @KnightofStars idea with another that I had, and they worked together very well! I also took @PeeHour's suggestion and reintroduced a character from last time. Remember, as an anthology series, this story is completely open to viewer support, this also gives you, the reader, the chance to ask for a scenario and potentially have it featured! All characters must be over 18. Feel free to DM or comment with said ask. As always, feedback is not only welcome but appreciated!

Unfortunately, due to work responsibilities, this will be my last written work on this site until about August or so. I will still be active in responding and reacting to the site, but I will not have the same time to dedicate to writing as I have had. At least for a while.

One Broken Pipe

“Ricky! Get over here, you’ve been nursing that thing for an hour!”

“You’re not getting him to do anything boss, he’s union.”

“Oh, so he’s lazy and overpaid? I don’t care, get him on the line!”

The heat of the mid-morning sun beat down on the hot road. Despite the lack of humidity, the layers of uniform that were required of each worker and the bodily stress and exertion required to dig through pavement was enough to give each man a sweat. Despite the work only needing three or four hands, eight stood, watching two work.

“Like I was saying, I got a tat for every week we were on strike.”

“No you didn’t. Don’t bullshit me Tommy!”

“Swear I did! Right on my arm here. Can’t show you on the job.”

“Stop lying, there’s no way.”

“Not my first. Cuz Father Kelly promised me I could still get buried at church if I got one.”

“Right, like you care about that.”

“Screw you!”

The two men laughed looked back down at the hole that had been created in the road. Cars were being directed around them, traffic was moving at a slow, choppy pace. They decided to heckle their friend some more.

“Hey Ricky! Get a move on, I’m starving!”

“You could always get down here and help, you jerk.”

“Don’t you need the extra time? Heard the old ball and chain got you for child support.”

Ricky looked up from his work, still swinging his shovel

“And I can’t even see ‘em! Hell, I might drop in on Maddie. She goes to Howe, right up here.” He pointed at the towering school, just up the hill from the residential area they were in

“Yeah, like they’d let a guy who looks like you near a school!” The other two laughed

“Go jump in a lake! At least I got marri-“

Clunk! The jokes and banter stopped as the workers realized what had just happened. They stood in silence. Waiting.

“Don’t tell me you hit that pipe…”

An eerie pause. They all stared at the exposed lead.

“Its fine, I don’t thi-“

A rumble, then an explosion. A spray of dirt and raw sewage erupted into the air. With no time to comment, the workmen scattered. A disaster had struck.

###

The sound of the bell is always a welcome one. Even for smart students with good grades, classes can get a little dry. Makenzie knew this well enough, whether she liked the class or not. Standing from her desk, she maneuvered through her classmates to reach her friend Reagan’s locker. Her friend would look like any other non-descript senior, were it not for her streak of dyed blue hair. Makenzie couldn’t help stare at it, instead of Reagan’s brown eyes. The longtime friends greeted each other with a smile.

“Hey. Excited?”

Reagan chuckled as she tossed her books into her locker. Her grey skirt kept some modesty, while keeping her cool in the late-spring heat.

“Excited for what?”

“I don’t know. I think the cafeteria is serving pizza?”

Regan laughed again, Makenzie’s upbeat personality never failed to brighten her day.

“Is that worth getting excited for? I thought you brought your lunch?”

“Got to be excited for something. Even chemistry was boring today.”

Regan was surprised by the comment, she gave her friend an inquisitive look as she stood from her locker and shut the small door. Makenzie explained

“Ms. Kelly was out and she must have had the worst substitute teacher. He was like super old and you could barely hear him…I don’t even know how I’m going to do the homework!”

Makenzie worried as she and her friend made their way into the bathroom. Reagan checked her makeup and hair while she continued the conversation.

“She gave you homework while she was out?”

“No, I’m talking about next week’s work. I really want to start on chapter 9-“

“Kenzie, this is why people think you’re weird.” Reagan cut her off. “You know you’re my best friend, but you have to care about more stuff than just school.”

“I do!”

“Ok fine, school, and trying to get Devin to notice you. But-“

“Eeee!” Makenzie squealed and playfully smacked Reagan’s arm “Don’t talk about that!”

“What? That you like Devin Wilson?” Reagan turned to her friend, a wide smile on her face as she teased

“Reagan! Stooop!”

Reagan kept the smile on her face as she turned to leave the restroom.

“C’mon, we’re gonna miss lunch.”

“Um…you go ahead. I’ll catch up.”

Reagan gave her friend a look as her smile started to fade. Makenzie explained herself

“I can’t pee with people around.” Makenzie made a shooing motion with her hand “I’ll catch up.”

Reagan rolled her eyes at her friends shyness. “Hey, did Ms. Kelly being out have anything to do with the assembly today?”

“I think. Something to do with the softball team, I don’t know.” Makenzie bounced up and down in exaggerated desperation. “Now get out of here so I can pee before the smokers get in here!”

As Reagan left, Makenzie calmly opened one of the two stall doors. With a squeak and a creak, the poorly maintained metal door opened. Sighing, Makenzie checked herself out. Despite her protests against Reagan pointing it out, Makenzie had spent her class time watching her crush. It was as if he didn’t even know she existed. Maybe she was too thin. Maybe her hair was too wiry. Sighing, she preened her black hair, her pigtails were an effort for attention which she had not received. No way he likes you, boys don’t like girls with good grades and glasses. She pulled down her panties from under her longer pleated skirt. Or girls with strawberries on their underwear. The sudden sound from the toilet was enough to snap her out of her melancholy.

With a rumble and a odd, high-pitched whine, the toilet water in the bowl suddenly dropped. Frowning, Makenzie was confused for a moment. Quickly her mind went back to relief, she didn’t have much time before the group of girls who used the bathroom to smoke arrived. Rather than stand in front of the toilet with her panties down to her sneakers, attempting to figure out what was wrong; Makenzie decided to take action.

She fluffed her skirt to avoid it sliding under her bottom as she sat on the toilet. The darker, pleated pattern obeying her as it fell to her sides of the bowl. Makenzie looked down, her mind returning to her failed attempt to get Devin’s attention. Maybe my boobs are too small. Over her nearly flat chest, she observed a weak yellow stream that begin to exit her womanhood. Contracting her bladder muscles, the stream hastened, splashing against the side of the toilet.

As Makenzie bean to relax into her trickling pee stream, she suddenly felt an unusual wetness on her bare butt. Looking down, she was shocked to see the toilet water had risen, nearly touching her peeing snatch. Gasping, Makenzie shot up from the toilet seat. In the heat of the moment, she was able to stop peeing as she stood.

The toilet water continued to rise, the water a disgusting color as it did. Makenzie put her hands over her mouth, shocked at the scene. Before she could figure out what to do, a sharp pain stabbed her abdomen. Tremendous pressure was exerted on her tight genitals as her pee demanded she let the rest out. Reacting, Makenzie grabbed ahold of her exposed crotch, cupping her hand hard around her opening. The sudden pressure was too much, and Makenzie could feel her bare hand warming. She shrieked and covered her mouth with her free hand as she began to pee into her other.

Before she could grasp what she was doing, she heard voices enter the bathroom. Other girls were arriving. Instinctively, her shy bladder shut off, saving her from herself. Removing her wet hand from her now pee-coated crotch, Makenzie ripped a square of toilet paper off of the roll, wiped her hand and herself, pulled up her panties, and darted out of the malfunctioning bathroom.

The other girls quickly hid their cigarettes as Makenzie dashed though their group, barely uttering a “sorry” as she made it out into the hall. Stopping, she looked left and crossed her legs. Her good nature and studious mind began to gain ground on her desperate thoughts. She needed to tell someone about the issue, as she heard the group of girls exclaim their disgust from the restroom. Seeing no one down the hall, she turned back to her right, and nearly knocked Ms. Oliver over as she did.

“Woah! Makenzie! Hi.”

“Ms. Oliver!”

Despite her reputation as a strict teacher, one which was well earned, Ms. Oliver was one of Makenzie’s favorite teachers. She was though in her instruction, and even looked a little like an older version of Makenzie. Both wore thin framed, small-squared glasses. Both had black hair, though Ms. Oliver’s was significantly straighter. As Makenzie spoke, she hoped she’d look like Ms. Oliver someday, as her English teacher took a large gulp from her thermos.

“I was just going pe…uh…” Makenzie cut herself off, her face turning red as the embarrassment of admitting her deed took hold.

She felt her desperation begin to return, and crossed her legs as she explained the rest of her story

“Um…I mean…I was just in the bathroom, and I think the toilet broke!”

She saw Ms. Oliver’s eyes widen for a moment at her last statement. The teacher looked at the massive thermos in her hand, then back to Makenzie. As she spoke, she pressed her thighs together, though the action went unnoticed by Makenzie, who was tugging at her skirt as her desperation returned tenfold.

“The toilet’s broken?” Her voice broke into a higher pitch, as if she hoped Makenzie was lying

“Uh-huh.” Makenzie held herself from the bottom, her hands reached around the back of her skirt as she fought her angry bladder. “Do you think the janitor can fix it?”

“I really hope so. Maybe it’s just this bathroom.”

Makenzie felt her desperation decrease ever so slightly as she was filled with optimism at Ms. Oliver’s words. She followed her teacher down the hallway towards the front office, before turning towards the cafeteria. Much to her chagrin, and many other women who were unwittingly filling their bladders, the problem was schoolwide. The burst pipe had created a problem that was not fixed so easily, and certainly not by anyone inside Howe High.

###

Intermezzo wasn’t the best restaurant. But it was cheap, and the owner supported the school. Which is precisely why Ms. Kelly and much of the softball team found themselves tucked into different booths in the dusty restaurant. With her sat assistant coach Harper, and pitcher Blakelyn. The early afternoon sun created a glare on the laminated menus that still sat on the table. Ms. Kelly squinted as she asked

“Have you decided what to do with yourself yet Harper?”

“I think. Been looking at applying for a stewardess job.”

“Like a flight attendant?” Blakelyn asked

“Yeah. It seems fun, I dunno.”

“Well, we certainly appreciate you coming back for the season.” Ms. Kelly expressed her genuine appreciation “Sorry you weren’t in the budget.”

“No, its ok, it gave me some time to figure out what I wanted to do, and I’m sure it’ll look great on my resume.”

Harper had graduated last year, but had hung around town instead of going to college. Her knowledge and experience from participating in the softball team throughout high school had made her an easy candidate for Ms. Kelly to sign on as an assistant coach. She continued to get to know her assistant coach

“Do you have any other hobbies, or are you really going to go after this flight attendant thing?”

“I like photography. But that’s not really a job…So I guess… yeah, I’m really going to enjoy being a stewardess I think. Plus those silver haired pilot…” Harper waived her hand in front of her face pretending to be hot at just the thought of an older man taking interest in her.

As Blakelyn laughed, Ms. Kelly rolled her eyes. She shook her head as her natural bright red hair got in her face. As the trio calmed down from Harper’s admission, Blakelyn asked the important question

“But what about Ian? Won’t he have to fly everywhere with you?”

“Why couldn’t he?”

Before Blakelyn could respond, Ms. Kelly chimed in. Despite her status a a coach and a teacher, she was always up for gossip.

“Ian? You mean Maci’s older brother?” Ms. Kelly pointed to the adjacent booth, the average height brunette taking her attention

“Yeah, we’ve been going out for like a year now.”

“Isn’t that awkward, with Maci around?”

“No, she’s cool.”

“Except when she spilled her drink on you last night!” Blakelyn blurted out

Ms. Kelly’s eyes widened, then narrowed. She stared daggers through both of them. Both were old enough to vote, neither old enough to drink. Blakelyn thought of a line quick

“It was soda! Don’t worry Ms. Kelly.”

The pale skinned firebrand narrowed her eyes in disappointment. She didn’t believe her pitcher for a second. She sighed.

“Speaking of soda, excuse me Blakelyn, I need to use the restroom.”

In the other booth sat Madison, the only junior of the group. Having repeated the second grade as a child though had made her the oldest underclassmen. By chance, she was also the tallest, standing nearly six feet tall. Though she was quiet now, silently playing with her ash blonde hair.

“Did anyone else figure out why Maddie didn’t have to wear her uniform?”

Grace, the catcher spoke up. She was right. All of the other women, including Ms. Kelly, were in the same white, pinstripe uniform, with a stylized Howe across their chest. But Madison wore high waisted, light blue denim and a white button-down shirt. It accented her rather large boobs perfectly.

“Yeah, she left it on Caleb’s bedroom floor.” Gianna spoke up, pure venom in her voice

“You’re just mad that I actually got him in bed.” Madison shot back

“oooo!” Grace chimed in. Her stocky figure and aggressive nature always looking to start or watch a fight break out

“Shut up Grace.” Gianna said coldly “I’m surprised he could even reach your tall ass.” She snapped at Maddie.

“Guys! Stop! I thought you were friends?” Maci spoke up, her short figure was rare for a left-fielder, but she had an incredible arm

“Were.” Gianna said emphatically “Boyfriend fucker.” She heaved another insult at Madison

“I told you right after it happened! I’m sorry!”

“Oh, so ‘I’m sorry’ covers everything? You knew I was seeing him!”

“And it was a one time thing! Honest!”

“Is that why you were sending him nudes too?” Gianna narrowed her brown eyes, piercing Madison’s green

“Fight, fight!” Grace chanted

“Grace, shut up, I’m going to punch you if you do that again, I’m not kidding.”

Grace laughed “Do it and I’ll piss all over your face!” She laughed again, loud enough for the other restaurant patrons to hear her.

The group received stares from the other booths. Maci’s face turned red, and she put her head down. Her long, wavy brown hair covering her embarrassed face. Just then, Ms. Kelly stood, her pale skin and small frame still drawing authority over the girls.

“Hey, we’re going to be getting back on the bus in a second.” She pointed her finger at the girls in the booth. “If any of you have to use the restroom, now’s the time.”

“Yeah, I gotta piss for real.” Grace scooted out of the booth and stood, her ponytail nearly smacking Gianna in the face

Surprisingly to the group, Maci also stood, though without saying a word. She followed behind Ms. Kelly and Grace, leaving Gianna and Madison awkwardly in the booth together. They sat in silence, and Gianna grabbed her phone from her pants pocket, a benefit of wearing her uniform. Madison watched as she unlocked the screen, the background now the picture of a flag from an African state. Madison wasn’t sure which one, but being one of the only women of color on the team had given Gianna a sense of pride. What pained Madison is that it used to be a picture of the two of them.

As Ms. Kelly led her two athletes towards the single bathroom in the back of the restaurant, she stopped to let a group of older people pass. A common curtesy, but as a line formed, she began to regret her decision. She had held up the other two behind her, and they all filed in against the wall. Ms. Kelly gave no indication of her predicament, but she had lost track of all that she was drinking as they ate. The food was subpar, but salty to make up for it. She had treated herself to a soda, but had also downed water with it, the contents of which were now splashing into her swelling bladder. Still, as they stood in a non-moving line, she used her Kegel practice to keep a tight grip on her bladder. Looking to the other girls, she noticed Maci’s legs were clamped tightly together, and her body hinged at the hips. Ms. Kelly knew what was wrong instantly.

“Grace, why don’t you let Maci go before you?”

As Maci heard these words, she wanted to shrink. It was embarrassing, to have her teacher call her out like that. But it was true. She needed to pee. She had needed to go before they got inside the restaurant, but she was shy about being the only one to stand. Now she was paying the price. Her bladder sat at its fully weight, right on top of her snatch. Clenching and bending her body was the best she could do, she didn’t want to hold herself yet. If they waited any longer, she may have to. Grace replied

“Coach, I’ve got to pee too.” Grace looked at Maci “Kind of that badly too.”

Ms. Kelly nodded. Maybe Grace was better at hiding it.

Grace leaned over to Maci, whispering

“I’m sorry Maci, you know I’m not doing this on purpose. I’ve really got to go to the bathroom.”

Though Grace wasn’t bent forward, nor tightly clenching her legs as Maci was, she had her hands in her pockets, using her fingers to hold herself. In an attempt to lose weight while keeping her muscle mass, the smaller, but wide-framed catcher had downed a green drink along with her usual intake of water, and it was now catching up with her. She wasn’t trying to be rude to Maci in keeping her 3rd in line, she was simply full as well.

As Madison and Gianna sat quietly in their booth, Blakelyn and Harper made their way over and took Grace and Maci’s spots.

“Hey.” Blakelyn started the conversation

Gianna looked up from her phone

“Hi.”

Madison smiled at the pitcher. Blakelyn asked the same question Grace did

“Where’s your uniform?”

Madison looked at Gianna, expecting the same shot again. Instead Harper took over

“She’s not in the group picture, so she doesn’t have to wear it.”

“Ah…wait…so why are you at the senior brunch then?” Blakelyn was confused

“Cuz she was voted the MVP! Wait-“ Harper covered her mouth with her hands. The others weren’t supposed to know that yet

“Oh. Good job.” Blakelyn smiled, pushing her black hair out of the way

She was nearly as tall as Madison, but her skin was far less tanned. She began to braid it as the waitress came by to drop off the check.

“We didn’t have to pay for this, did we?” She asked

“Uh yeah…didn’t you read the handout coach and I gave out?” Harper responded

The girls shook their heads.

“You were supposed to pay your own way.”

“I don’t have anything on me!”

“You could always do that challenge they advertise” Gianna offered

Blakelyn looked up and read the sign on the wall

Green Tea Challenge: Meal is free if patron drinks the entire mug in one go

“I don’t like tea.”

Gianna shrugged and went back to her phone. Blakelyn looked at the bill. She couldn’t ask someone for that kind of money. She looked back up at the sign as the waitress returned and collected the others payment.

“Um…I’d like to do the challenge.” Blakelyn pointed to the sign

“Gotcha. Four super green tea’s coming up.”

“Oh no. Just me.”

“Sorry. Rules are everyone at the table.”

Blakelyn looked to her teammates. They looked back at her.

“I-I’ll do the challenge.” Madison spoke up

“I’ll do it too.” Gianna volunteered, if only to show up Madison

The three looked at Harper

“I guess I don’t really have an option.” She smiled. Despite being 20, she still wore braces

“Alright. I’ll be back with your tea.” With that, the waitress left.

Harper had her own motivation for coming over to the booth. She looked across the table to Madison.

“Hey Madi, you’re pretty good friends with Maci, right?”

“Yeah. Why?”

“Well…um…we kind of went out drinking last night…” Harper pointed to Blakelyn as well “You know, with her brother…and she tagged along. I’m worried she had too much. She didn’t get in trouble with her father, did she?”

Madison shook her head. “Not that I’m aware of. No.”

Harper nodded “Good. I guess. I really should have watched her better. Kid’s like a little sister to me.”

Madison furrowed her brow “Really?”

Harper nodded “Yeah. I started dating her brother when I was a freshman here. He was a sophomore. She would always tag along when I went over to his place…I don’t know…” Harper smiled “Kind of annoying, but she’s cool now, and I want her to know that she’s welcome. Could you tell her that?”

“Why can’t you tell her that yourself?”

“Could I? Seems kind of strange to just come out and say it.”

“I know she’d love to hear that. She looks up to you.”

“Aw…” Harper smiled “Thanks Maddie.”

The exchange had lifted Madison’s spirts as the waitress came back with the green tea. Madison was ready to win.

The line had hardly moved. Ms. Kelly looked down at her watch. The bus would be arriving soon and they were still stuck. She gulped. Feeling the first wave of desperate pressure push against the walls of her hairless pussy worried her. The additional effort that it took for her to hold her filled bladder caused her to cross her legs and tap her foot, an attempt to distract her mind from the unfortunate declaration she’d have to make in a moment. She looked to Grace, who was bobbing in place and pacing back and forth between the wall and the isle. Maci was just as expressive, if not less elaborate. She was still bent forward, though now her hand was cupped against her crotch, and her legs would press against her arm, then contract in a rhythmic motion. Ms. Kelly hated the news she was about to break

“Girls, we have to be on the bus in five.”

“So?” Grace asked

“So we should get out of this line.”

Grace’s pupils dilated, she stopped pacing and looked at her coach

“Uh, no can do coach. I have really got to go to the bathroom.”

“I know. I know.” Ms. Kelly put her hand just above her taught muscles. She could feel her swollen bladder under her jersey “And you probably don’t want to hear me say this, I know it might be a little much, but I’ve got to pee too.”

She felt a vibration in her back pocket and took out her phone.

“But the bus is here. Girls.” She looked at them “We’re just going to have to hold it.”

Grace groaned.

“It’s not more than fifteen minutes. We’ll be ok.” With that, Ms. Kelly led them away from the impossibly slow line

Grace waited for Maci to move, and as she did, she could no longer keep her hand off of her crotch. Whispering to her teammate, Grace tried to sympathize.

“I’ve got to pee so bad. Why couldn’t she get us a water bottle or something?”

Maci gave a concerned look. Grace shrugged and walked ahead, her attempt to sympathize with her teammate failing.

As Ms. Kelly rounded the corner, she was surprised to see a small crowd around her booth. Assuming the worst, she pushed through the small collection of patrons.

What she saw wasn’t bad, but rather surprising. Madison just putting down an enormous mug and Gianna was smiling with one in front of her. Harper and Blakelyn were both just gulping down the rest as the crowd cheered.

“What’s going on?” Ms. Kelly broke into her teacher voice

“A free meal for Madison, Gianna, Harper, and Blakelyn!” The waitress announced

Despite the four smiling faces, the group would soon come to regret it as their teammates paid their own way and the team got back on the bus. The stage was set for Howe High to become a bubbling cauldron of desperation.

###

Makenzie wished that she could pee. She tried everything to distract herself. She tapped her foot until the guy next to her got annoyed, she tapped the desk, and even tried to count backwards from one hundred. None of these things worked. Here she sat in Ms. Oliver’s English class, and she had to pee.

She knew that Ms. Oliver probably knew her situation, but there was nothing she could do about it. Makenzie knew that, she’d have to suffer. But the pain was rising, and there was no end in sight. That is, until Ms. Oliver instructed the class to group together. Despite supposedly being randomly assigned, she was put in a group with Reagan, most likely an unspoken favor from Ms. Oliver. Welcoming the distraction from her distending bladder, Makenzie found her way next to Reagans desk, while the two other students assigned to their group turned their desks around to form a makeshift table.

Each holding their assignments out in front of them, Reagan took the lead.

“Alright. So we have to analyze act 4 scene 6. So we have the pirates and Hamlet. Sofia, you want to read first?”

“No.” The girl was one of the most popular seniors at Howe High, but this was based purely on looks.

“Um. Ok…uh…”

“I…I can do it.” Jamie, the other popular girl spoke up

Reagan smiled “Thanks”

“H-h-o-oratio” Jamie exhaled

“Ow!” She accidentally kicked Makenzie’s shin

“S-sorry.” Jamie continued the scene “What are…they that-that…w-would speak with me? S-ser..v-“ Another exhale. Suddenly, the blonde exclaimed to the group

“I’m sorry, but do any of you also have to go pee like really, really bad?”

Makenzie looked at Jamie, but didn’t say a word. Her hands were stealthily held against her crotch under the desk. She was unaware that Jamie was doing the same. Neither Makenzie nor Reagan noticed that Sofia had also looked at Jamie, a subtle clue that she was also in the same predicament. Reagan finally responded to the question

“Not really, but I can’t believe they’re even allowed to keep us here without a bathroom.”

“I know right!” Jamie was happy to have someone sympathize with her, and her green eyes lit up “I mean, like, I peed this morning and everything, but then I snuck a coffee for first class…” Jamie began to bounce in her seat as her conversation continued “…and I’ve been trying to be good about water and then I had a test in math, and I couldn’t go pee during that…”

“Oh. I’m sorry.” Regan offered her condolences.

She didn’t usually get to talk to the popular girls, but Jamie seemed nice. Reagan couldn’t help but admire her large breasts, an asset that her short-sleave shirt displayed nicely.

“I have to pee too.” Makenzie blurted out

Reagan could feel the secondhand embarrassment for her friend. Play it cool Kenz! Stop talking Reagan had to think of something fast, in order to cut through the awkwardness.

“I um…I like your top though Jamie.”

“Thanks!” The blonde smiled

“Where’d you get it?”

“Nichole Vice’s. It’s up on the…hill…I think.”

“Wait, seriously? I work there! How often do you shop there?”

“Once a month. Ah!” Jamie bent forward and exhaled, Reagan looked down Jamie’s shirt

“I. I’m sorry. I have. I have to pee.”

Reagan was quiet, to enamored with Jamie’s boobs to respond. Not noticing, and instead focused on her intense desperation, Jamie asked Sofia

“Do you have any gum?”

“Yes.”

“Can I borrow some?”

“Why do you always take? You can’t ‘borrow’ gum!”

Both Reagan and Makenzie were shocked at the aggressive tone in Sofia’s voice. Her looks, with breasts as large as Jamie’s, but an ass that was quite well-toned, were as enticing as her personality was as off putting.

“Can I please have some?” Jamie asked, just needing something to distract her from her desperation

Sofia reached into her expensive purse and handed a stick of gum to the desperate Jamie. The popular girl began to chew, her perfect and clean teeth gnashing the gum as an outlet for the pain Jamie felt in her bladder.

“Ahem.” The girls looked up to see Ms. Oliver standing above their desks

Makenzie still admired Ms. Oliver. Her teacher was in a bright red blouse and a black pencil skirt. A look that gave off a professional, serious tone. Boys would look at me if I had her legs Makenzie thought, her eyes monitoring Ms. Oliver’s toned thighs. Curiously, Makenzie noticed that her legs were not only crossed, but the were tightly and subtlety bouncing as she admonished the group.

“You girls need to…stay focused. How far are you?”

“Um…Heratio’s line.”

“The first sentence?”

“Uh…um…”

“C’mon. Work.”

“I’m sorry Ms. Oliver but like, do you know if the bathrooms are fixed yet? I seriously need to go.” Jamie spoke up, her need becoming ever more present in her mind

“No. I…” Ms. Oliver recrossed her legs “I just checked.”

“Oh. If we have a car, can we leave before the assembly?”

“No.”

“Can you like give us a pass though? I know you monitor the halls, and-“

“No.”

Jamie began to bounce in her seat as she protested, holding her hands to her crotch as she did. The pain that begun to strike her abdomen was intense. A pain she had never felt this powerful before

“But, even if I just find a place to pee real qu-“

“Jamie, you know the rules. Detention for leaving an assembly.”

“Ms. Oliver…” Jamie hissed, more out of desperation than disrespect “I…I might wet my pants.”

“No you won’t. You’ll be ok Jamie. Finish your work.” Ms. Oliver pointed to the book as she left the group.

“Bitch” Sofia complained as Ms. Oliver left

“She’s just doing her job” Makenzie defended her “and besides, it’s the same rules for her. I think she has to pee too.”

“Ok, no more words from you.” Sofia spoke forcefully, moving her hands as she did so.

Her ponytailed-black hair swung with her dramatic movements, and her accent gave her an air of authority. Reagan swooped in to defend her friend

“Kenzie was just trying to help, why don’t you be quiet for a change?”

“Or what? You’ll stare at Jamie’s tits some more?”

Sofia had caught Reagan. Jamie’s round face lifted from her desk as she frowned at the fact that she was drawn into this. Makenzie tried to defend her friend

“So what if she was looking there? Is that a problem?”

“Yeah!” Sofia waived her fake fingernails as she spoke with her hands “Jaime don’t like getting creeped on by no lesb-“

“Ok stop!” Jamie put her hand up, her bracelet falling towards the wider part of her arm

She smiled at Reagan

“I’m sure she wasn’t looking at my chest Sofia. Can we get back on track please? No more talk about whether or not our teacher has to pee, and no more insulting each other, ok?”

Reagan and Makenzie nodded. Sofia flicked her hair and looked towards the window, folding her arms

“Whatever.”

Reagan breathed a sigh of relief. She had been able to keep herself secret for a while after her discovery of who she liked, and to have blown her cover with less than a month left of school would have been a disaster. Dodged a bullet there. Despite getting caught, she couldn’t help but look down Jamie’s shirt another time or two during the rest of class. The desperate girl kept leaning forward, making herself very obvious.

As class went on, Jamie very obviously started rocking back and forth in her chair. Her knee was lifted towards her chest in an attempt to alleviate the pressure. She kept one hand plastered against her crotch. As time marched on, She no longer knew what they were talking about, and at this point was blindingly reading what was on the page, her words not matching her internal struggle. Her jaw was locked in an attempt to remain composed, and to keep from whining in pain but her labored breathing gave her situation away. She didn’t think that she had leaked yet, but her strained muscles were starting to produce a sweat. Jamie couldn’t tell anymore. All she wanted was to pee. Just not here. She wanted to cry. By some grace, class began to end. She began to breath, hard. Hyperventilating almost. Reagan noticed

“Jamie, are you ok?”

Red in the face and teary eyed, the blonde shook her head, then looked down, mumbling something. She looked back up, this time at the clock. Then back to Reagan, her lip bit.

“I…I don’t know if I…”

“It’s ok.” Reagan tried to reassure her. Jamie looked at Makenzie, her words a high pitched whisper

“Y-you?”

“I…maybe…” Makenzie was in a similar situation

While she hadn’t consumed the same amount of liquid that Jamie had, she had only let a little out an hour ago. The same burning, painful pressure hung over her body.

An idea popped into Reagan’s mind. She offered it to Jamie

“Jamie?” The desperate girl looked her temporary friend in the eyes. Reagan continued “Do you think…do you think you should let some out?”

Jamie didn’t take her eyes off Reagan.

“Y-you mean…”

“Like, maybe…pee a little bit?” Reagan felt her heart skip a beat “Maybe it’ll help?”

“Ew.” Sofia commented

Jamie wasn’t as repulsed. Her eyes closed, then reopened.

“I can’t. It mi-“ Suddenly, she gasped and covered her mouth. She squealed

“Ohmygosh, I just…I…” She gulped “I just peed in my underwear a little.” She whispered

Sofia looked over. Nothing was visible on Jamie’s jeans. Without her friend admitting it, she wouldn’t have been able to tell. Just then, the bell rang, and everyone in the group stood, though Jamie did slowly and methodically.

Reagan had her own battle to fight. Telling a desperate Jamie to do that had sparked something in her. Something she didn’t want to admit.

####

As the bus of the desperate softball team neared the school, an eerie silence had set in. Grace, usually the vocal one on bus trips, was too busy writhing in her seat to say anything. Ms. Kelly had taken the opportunity to hold herself. The winners of the green tea chugging contest, Blakelyn Harper, Gianna and Madison, had all begun to feel the effects of the massive mug that they had downed. By far, the one in the most desperate struggle was Maci. She sat next to Madison, and the poor left-fielder was nearly defeated by her own bladder. Tearfully, she looked at her friend

“Maddie…I’m not going to make it…”

“It’s ok.”

“No! I…I can’t…look!”

Maci removed her hands, and Madison looked over. The crotch of her softball pants, white with a blue pinstripe, were clear at the crotch. Maci had started leaking.

“This is all my fault…”

“How?”

“Maddie…I..I haven’t peed yet today…”

“What, how?”

“Well…you…you know how-how I went out with Harper and Ian last night?”

Madison nodded

“I..I had to sneak back in…and I feel asleep. I was late this morning…no time to go…and…and I’ve had water for my hangover. I-I haven’t peed…”

“It’s ok.” Madison rubbed her back. It was clammy and cold

Tearfully, Maci worried “I’m going to pee my pants…”

“No. Look. We’re here. You’ve nearly made it.”

“I’m leaking…” Was her only response.

Madison looked down. Her friend’s crotch was glistening. The white pants becoming see-through as the stain grew. Then it stopped. Then it grew some more as the bus reached the side entrance to the school. It halted as Madison made one final overture to her desperate friend

“You made it.”

Maci nodded, seemly accepting the information, finally. As the bus stopped, Ms. Kelly, who was still trying to hide her desperation, stepped out first.

As her flats hit the sidewalk that stretched from the side entrance to the main entrance, which wrapped around the front of the school, she was greeted by the Super Intendent. An older woman in her fifties, she greeted Ms. Kelly

“Your late.”

“Are we? Sorry, there was some construction traffic.”

“Figured there would be. Plumbing’s burst here.”

“Um? Excuse me?”

“Bathrooms haven’t worked since this morning.”

Ms. Kelly crossed her legs, her desperation increasing as she was denied relief

“And you didn’t close school?”

“Can’t. We had enough snow days this year. State might cut funding, and I might be out of a job if I did that.”

“This is inhumane!”

“We’ve had no complaints so far.”

Ms. Kelly stuck her hands between her legs.

“Look, woman to woman, I have not had a chance to use the bathroom much today.” She pointed at the bus “And neither have they. You’ve got to let us find a spot before we go in there.”

“You can’t, the state D.O.E is here. We’ve got the local paper in attendance. We’re late enough as is.”

“No. I won’t let you do this.” Ms. Kelly spoke firmly

“Don’t talk to me like that without tenure. Now get in there.”

Biting her tongue, Ms. Kelly climbed back onto the bus.

“Alright girls, they’re going to take us through the side entrance and the school band will play us on.”

“Can we please pee first Ms. Kelly?” Grace spoke up

“Yeah! I’ve got to go too!” The other voices chimed in

“Maci goes first! Or she’s going to wet her pants!” Madison spoke up

“Girls. I’m sorry, this isn’t a debate right now.” Ms. Kelly decided to let her desperation show.

She held her crotch for the first time in front of her team. “None of us can pee right now.”

The disappointment was palpable, but was quickly drowned out by sobbing. Maci begun to cry. Sobbing at what she felt was an inevitability. Madison made one final plea for her friend

“Please! She’s going to have an accident!”

“She’s not the only one…Girls, don’t make this harder than it has to be…please.”

Begrudgingly, the team left the bus. Maci took the rear, each step burning as she did so. She felt like a dead woman walking. She was headed to the gallows. On what should have been a fun day of celebration, instead she was nearly wetting herself.

###

Jamie walked gingerly ahead of Sofia as she tried to make her way to the auditorium. The warm, clammy feeling around her slit was already demanding that she let another leak out. She would have to move quickly, or she might be lured into doing so.

As she marched past the waves and waves of other students, she couldn’t help it. She spurted into her panties. Each step was agony. The labored breath kept her focused on moving towards the auditorium. She wasn’t thinking, just acting. She leaked again, much longer this time. For a moment, Jamie felt the intense pressure dissipate. It was blissful. When she reached the line in front of the auditorium doors, it came roaring back. With force, her entire bladder pushed on her tightly clamped pee-hole. Jamie retaliated with her hands, but the moist, damp panties she was wearing betrayed her. She leaked. Then again. A third.

Jamie looked down. What she had hoped was still invisible was clearly not. The crotch of her jeans was dark, and two darkened streaks ran down her inseams. She hastily covered the front of her warmed jeans with her backpack.

What Jamie was unaware of, was the fact that Sofia was behind her, watching her leak into her jeans. The entire way from English to the auditorium, her eyes had been locked on Jamie’s butt. She had watched as a small discoloration had formed at Jamie’s crotch, and then moved slightly down her legs. As they stood in line, she snapped a picture. Sending it to group chat with the caption

Jamie can’t hold her pee!

Within moments, Jamie’s shame was shared, and she hadn’t fully lost control yet.

As Reagan and Makenzie found their way to the stadium-like seating and awaited the assembly to start, Reagan began to experience Makenzie’s desperation for the first time. Her longtime friend sat down, and immediately upon doing so, jammed her hands into her crotch. Sliding back into her chair, she nearly lay down. Her panties were visible, and her arms pushed her normally small breasts upwards. Reagan smiled as she noticed someone looking.

“Hey Kenz. I think Devin Wilson is looking at you.”

Makenzie looked around. She spotted him. He was looking right at her. As soon as their eyes met, he looked away.

“Nooo! Reagan, he knows I have to pee! I’m ruined…”

“Maybe he likes it?”

“He likes that I have to pee?”

Reagan shrugged. Makenzie hadn’t shifted her position, and looked back over. This time, their eyes met. A smile. She smiled too. Maybe Reagan was right. Makenzie’s heart beat faster, her brain abuzz. If that’s what it took to get his attention, that’s what she’d do. She’d hold it. Makenzie was going to make it through the assembly.

As the softball team packed themselves behind the stage curtain in the auditorium, nearly all of them were desperately bouncing or holding themselves. Madison was the only one seemly absent from this fate. Or so she wanted her teammates to believe. Even as more expressive girls like Grace were nearly jogging in place, most of the attention was on Maci. The short girl with wavy brunette hair was nearly crying. Her round face was red from the strain of holding it, and her mascara was starting to run as her brown eyes teared. She held herself as she leaked into her pants, receiving some encouragement from her teammates.

“You can hold it Maci!”

“Yeah, we believe in you!”

“You can do it!”

Ms. Kelly was encouraged at the scene. Her team was behaving as a unit, uplifting the weakest of the group. It gave her a proud feeling that was only drowned out by her own desperation. A desperate shock through her body. Ms. Kelly clenched, but clenching herself was becoming ineffective. She couldn’t cross her legs, they were about to walk out on stage. She rubbed her belly, just where her full bladder rested. She winced. It hurt, and it hurt bad. It had filled gently, starting that morning while she was teaching, and Ms. Kelly hadn’t really noticed it for a while. But there was no ignoring it now. She sucked air in through her teeth, and wiggled her legs. Squirming, she heard the band. They were due on stage.

As the presentation of the awards started, Jamie sat next to Sofia in the audience. Her hand was plastered against her damp crotch, she was unable to do anything else. Some of the other students around her had seen Sofia’s image, and they knew why Jamie was squirming in her seat. Frantically, her tried and sore muscles begged for relief. Her teeth chomped down on the gum Sofia had given her, hard enough that it had nearly dissolved in her mouth. She hooked one foot behind the opposite calf, her breathing frenetic, as though she were drowning in her own desperation.

She rubbed her thighs together, fast enough to start a fire with the friction from her jeans. That girl in English was right. I have to let some out. She stopped moving. Though the blonde didn’t move her hand. She took a breath, and as she exhaled, she felt a warmth move out of her.

It was a tickling sensation, and nearly heavenly. Jamie felt the pressure move off of her bladder, and into her jeans. For a moment; peace. Then she heard giggling. She opened her eyes. Sofia had her phone recording her, and as she quickly shut off her leaking snatch, she inspected her jeans.

She had leaked much more than she had intended to. A large wet stain now adorned her crotch and the front of her jeans. She jumped up from her seat, leaving a wet cushion below her. Sofia filmed her friend’s wet butt. As Jamie filed passed other sitting students, she could hear a low whisper

“Pissed herself.”

“Told you that picture was real.”

Other words were inaudible as she dashed out of the auditorium, hands buried into her crotch, holding back her still full bladder.

As she barged though the double doors and into the hallway, Jamie had to stop to hold herself. She felt lightheaded. Sick. Holding herself, she felt her bladder weigh her down like a stone in the ocean. Gingerly placing one foot in front of the other, she made her way down the long hall. Jamie was functioning on instinct. She was aware she was walking, but she was not piloting her own body. She still had enough wherewithal to know that she was being directed towards the side doors. Ms. Oliver’s words from class sprung into her head. You know the rules. Detention for leaving an assembly. It was this or continue to leak until she wet her pants.

Opening the side door, Jamie felt the heat of the day wash over her. It beat down on her cheeks, warming parts of her body that hadn’t been warmed by her urine.

Stumbling with crossed legs, Jamie tightly grabbed herself. She felt wet. A shiver ran down the length of her spine, her leg starting to twitch at another warmth. Jamie looked down. She was peeing her pants. As she jittered in place, she could see a large, dark stain moving down the inseam of her thigh. Excess urine dripped onto the concrete sidewalk below, darkening it in spots.

“E-mph-N-no!” Jamie hadn’t come this far to lose now

Peeling her increasingly wet jeans down, she didn’t have to stop peeing, instead, she exposed herself to the partially full parking lot in front of her, and started to pee on the sidewalk.

Right in front of the side door, which housed two large glass panes, Jamie’s bare butt was now visible as she squatted. Had one been watching, they would have seen her two toned thighs spread, and her cheeks nearly touching the concreate below her as a massive dark puddle began to pool below her. Should one have been exiting their car from the teacher’s lot, they would have seen one of the more popular seniors squatting, completely exposed, while a thick, wide stream of clear piss poured forth.

Jamie didn’t care about all of that. She knew she was exposing her most sensitive areas, but she didn’t care. She only felt blissful relief. It was as if a balloon had popped in her abdomen, as the swelled organ was finally able to deflate. A light, airy hiss was audible as the girl relieved herself all over the sidewalk. Her heart jumped as she heard the door open. Opening her eyes and turning her head, but continuing to pee, she saw Ms. Oliver standing over her. With no way to hide what she was doing, Jamie instead tried to ask for mercy.

“Ms. Oliver! I-I’m-I’m really sorry! I…I just couldn’t hold it anymore!”

To Jamie’s surprise, her teacher shuffled over onto the mulched ground next to the side walk without acknowledging her. Ms. Oliver then hiked up her skirt, showing her lack of underwear, and squatted behind a tiny bush. She too, began to pee.

A second wave of relief washed over Jamie as she realized what her teacher had come outside to do. The sound of Ms. Oliver’s piss drowned out what Jamie had left, and her shooting, bubbling pee kicked the dry dirt into the air and onto Ms. Oliver’s shins. Jamie expressed her relief

“Oh! You just really had to pee too! I-“

This time, Ms. Oliver acknowledged her “Jamie. Stop talking and I won’t give you detention for leaving the assembly.”

Jamie complied, but couldn’t help sneaking a peek at her teacher. Ms. Oliver had a very neatly done bikini line. Her dark hairs that matched her natural color, and they were in a perfectly stright line until they looped around her labia. It was cute, despite the fact that it was dripping from the piss shooting straight onto the mulch below. Jamie looked back to herself.

The massive puddle that she had created had saturated the entire area below her. It expanded to one side of the sidewalk and ran into the grass there. Most of her pee rolled down, spilling over the edge of the curb and onto the driveway. The size was enough to impress Jamie, who was unaware she could hold that much. As she continued to listen to Ms. Oliver pee, a faint smell of urine wafted passed her nostrils. Ignoring it, Jamie inspected her once blue panties. Save for a small horizon on the front, they had grown dark, soaked through with her pee. They were as moist as her jeans, which were also now pattered with a massive dark streak down her left leg. She couldn’t walk around the halls like this. She turned to her still peeing teacher for help.

“Ms. Oliver?”

The black haired teacher looked up from herself. The first thing she noticed was the stain on Jamie’s pants.

“Um…I can’t go back in there like this…” Jamie grabbed at her soaked thigh.

Ms. Oliver stopped peeing for a moment, thinking. Jamie asked her question

“C-can I just leave? I have my own car an-and…” Jamie stammered, expecting Ms. Oliver to deny her

“One condition.”

“What?”

Suddenly, Ms. Oliver began to pee again, just as forcefully. The sound of her penetrating urine through the dirt returning. She pointed at her streaming piss.

“You don’t breathe a word about what I’m doing, or what you did.” She pointed to Jamie’s massive puddle

“Deal!” The blonde took off for the student parking lot, wet jeans and all.

Ms. Oliver looked back down as her stream finally trickled off. It arced back towards her, wetting the sensitive skin of her exposed labia. Her thighs were dripping, coated in the spray of her desperately held pee. She brushed them with her hand, and flicked off the dirt that had been flung up onto herself. Taking a deep beath, she finally felt empty. Standing, she pulled her skirt back down and shook her small butt, a makeshift method of drying herself.

She looked over what she had done. The force of her stream had created a small pool that held her bubbling piss, which was still draining into the ground. An obvious puddle had formed under her as she had relieved herself into the school’s landscaping. It was quite the scene as she turned back into the building.

In three years, Ms. Oliver had experienced two separate peeing incidents with a student. Both times, her reputation had be spared. No one would find out what she had just done with Jamie, and no one really knew about her accident in front of Megan. She hoped these two incidents would be the only of her career, knowing nothing of her final incident, a horribly embarrassing accident she’d have on the horizon.

###

As Ms. Kelly was called to the stage, she bit her lip. She didn’t have a choice, despite the fact that she was about to burst. Her knees shook behind the podium. Nearly at her limit. She was finding it harder and harder to stand up straight and couldn’t clench any harder as she gave her speech about the season.

Behind her was more chaos. Maci sat next to Blakelyn. The pitcher noting that Maci was nearly keeled over. Her legs were spread wide as they jiggled. The left-fielder was being puppetted by a desperate force. She was still sniffling, stifling tears of fear and desperation. As Blakelyn focused on controlling her own bladder, she felt a force weigh down on her shoulder. It was Maci. The girl was using Blakelyn’s shoulder to cry.

Looking down, Blakelyn whispered

“Oh no…Maci…”

The chair her teammate was sitting on was a deep shade of violet, but that didn’t mean that the spreading wet patch was any less visible. A dark, almost black patch was spreading from Maci’s lap, soaking the chair in a dark color. A clear wetness escaped from her, turning her white baseball pants into a nearly transparent color. Blakelyn could see Maci’s pink panties underneath her now transparent pants.

As a few of the girls tended to Maci, none of them took note of their coach, Ms. Kelly. As she gave her prepared remarks, she couldn’t help but leak into her panties. What had started at the size of a penny, was now more comparable to a quarter. She started to leak again, stronger than before, she was unable to stop it without the use of her hand. She continued to slowly wet her panties as she spoke

“…and with the effort these girls displayed this season…how could we not all be proud of them?”

She put her hand back on her crotch, under the podium. She was able to stop herself from leaking, but could feel the warm sensation cling to the inseam of her pants. She had stained them with her brief loss of control. Giving the students a fake smile, she hobbled back to her seat, hand still over her crotch. The action drew a giggle or two from the crowd of students. Her movement had telegraphed her need to the entire school. Ms. Kelly had to pee.

As she returned to her her seat next to Maci, she felt someone tap her back. Looking over, Blakelyn had reached to get her attention. She pointed to Maci’s lap. The chair was soaked, a massive stain sat in her lap. Ms. Kelly whispered

“Did you finish?”

Maci shook her head, whispering back

“I-I’m still…”

Ms. Kelly finished her sentence “You’re still holding it?”

Maci nodded. Ms, Kelly felt another desperate twinge. Trying to cover for her struggling team, she grabbed the wrist of the superintendent, who was watching the band play the school fight song.

“You have got to cut this short.”

The superintendent pulled her arm away from Ms. Kelly’s grasp

“Why?”

“Because my left-fielder is sitting in a puddle, and I’m going in my panties as we speak.”

Ms. Kelly wasn’t lying. Her desperation had mounted against her, and her weakening defenses were buckling. A small, slow, but steady stream was leaking out of her womanhood and into her underwear. Unable to clench and hold her waters back anymore, and it was starting to also seep onto the chair. Ms. Kelly made one final point. A last ditch effort to save herself and team from embarrassment.

“And if you’re worried about the local paper and D.O.E board, I’m sure they would love to talk about the puddles we’re going to leave on stage if you keep this up.”

The superintendent grumbled. “We’ll have a talk Monday. You don’t get to threaten me.”

“Just do it. Help us, help you.”

The superintendent walked off in a huff, Ms. Kelly had gotten through to her. Leaning over to Maci, Ms. Kelly shared the good news.

“If you can wait, we just got a break. How are you holding up?”

Maci only shook her head. Her body was preoccupied with holding an impossibility full bladder. She had nearly lost the ability for words. Ms. Kelly offered some sympathy

“You’re not the only one. Look.”

The teacher parted her legs a bit. Between her own uniform sat a stain, and a very small pool on her chair. Ms. Kelly had just stopped leaking, but the effort had left considerable damage to the crotch of her uniform. Maci looked at her red-headed teacher. Before she could think of a response, the crowd started clapping.

The superintendent had concluded the celebration early, as Ms. Kelly had asked her to do. The softball team stood, all of them anxious to run to the restrooms that they thought were open. As the crowd filed out of the auditorium, the softball players and their desperate coach made their way to the side of the stage, partially hidden by a large curtain. Maci, with a stained crotch and bottom, fell back, her slow movements giving her internal struggle away.

She felt an arm on her shoulder. Harper had grabbed a hold of her and guided her away from the group. The two hid next to the stage curtain, away from the crowd that was still dispersing from the auditorium. Maci was confused

“Harper! What are you doing? I…I have to go…”

“I saw what happened. I’m saving you from embarrassment.”

“Wh-wha-“

“There’s no way you’re going to make it. Didn’t you hear? The bathrooms are still being worked on.”

“N…no..” Maci voiced part of her defeat and disbelief.

“You can go here. I’ll cover you.”

“Um…”

The band members were packing there things, only some of them passed by the girls.

“The crowd can’t see you. I’ll cover you from the band. They won’t be able to tell if you just let it all out here.”

Maci considered her options. She didn’t have many. Sticking her thumbs into the waistband of her pants, she started to pull down her already stained pants. She felt Harper give her a firm grip, stopping her movement

“No. No Maci, I mean in your pants.”

Maci’s eyes widened “You want me to pee my pants?”

“I’m telling you its either here, hidden, or in front of the school, out there.”

Maci teared up. She was being told to accept defeat. Harper could see the resistance in Maci’s eyes and expression. She decided to wear her emotions on her sleeve.

“Maci. I was trying to figure out how to tell you this. But I really like your brother. And in the time I’ve known the both of you…I see you like a sister. I’m not trying to hurt you. I want to protect you.”

She put her hand on Maci’s shoulder

“I have the keys to the locker room. I can hide you. The girls’ll understand. Maci…please…trust me.”

Rather than a response, Maci pulled herself into a platonic embrace from Harper. Harper rubbed Maci’s back.

“It’s ok.”

Quietly, a dripping, splashing noise could be heard. Harper looked down. Maci was doing it. A wide, transparent stain expanded past her already wet butt. Drips of clear pee ran out of each side, spitting out of her soaking wet pants. A consistent flow of desperately held pee broke free from her crotch and spilled out onto the stage, the tapping that could originally be heard was now replaced with a splashing as a puddle formed. The cascading wetness that escaped her now soaking wet labia created two massive flows down each of her thighs and spread across her legs as they ran down them. Maci whispered

“It’s in my socks…”

The girls uniform required the ladies to wear tall blue socks. The socks would show when they played ball, but their pants were worn over the long socks today. This protected Maci further, as they masked the flowing urine as it wet her socks. As the blue footwear darkened and streaked, it left almost no stain on the bottom of her pants. Still, a puddle formed under Maci, expanding as she completely voided her full bladder.

The band members who passed the two ladies were unaware of what was happening, Harper had successfully forced Maci to commit her act in the shadows. Despite the size of the puddle she was leaving, it wasn’t enough to show her action. She pulled away from the embrace, whispering

“I peed…”

“How do you feel?”

“Warm.”

Harper nodded as the last of the band members exited. She looked at Maci’s now transparent pants. Her pink panties showing through very obviously.

“Pink panties with white pants?”

Maci simply looked at Harper. Harper explained

“You’re not supposed to contrast like that. You know. In case something like this happens to you.”

“Can’t I just take them off?”

“And give everyone a look at your whoha?”

Maci looked down at herself again

“What am I going to do?”

“Would you like to borrow mine? They’re white, they blend in.”

“Could I?”

Harper nodded

“Surething. Lets get you into the lockerroom before anyone sees you and you can have them. And fast. I have to pee too.”

Harper was sure to hide Maci’s accident as they made their way through the hall. The lockerrooms weren’t too far from the auditorium, and the pair were able to make it unnoticed. Despite also needing to go, Harper disrobed and gave Maci her underwear to provide her some dignity. Leaving Maci in the lockers until the team got there, Harper hustled to find the others.

###

Reagan found herself and Makenzie lined up behind a few other students. They were waiting for the bathroom, as the workers had finally fixed at least one. The line was slightly shorter than it had been, with other students opting to hold it on the bus, or drive home. Others, those more desperate and many visible so, decided to wait in line. Though it increased the amount of time the girls had to wait, with many other desperate bladders earning relief in the two stalls available.

Reagan couldn’t help but smile at Makenzie’s expressive movements. Her friend had her skirt bunched up in her hand, and her knuckles on her crotch. She was swaying back and forth against the wall, swinging her hips like she was dancing. Reagan giggled, Mackenzie responded

“Laugh if you want, but Devin noticed me!” She stuck her tongue out

“Yeah, noticed you had to pee!”

“Do you think that maybe he could see my panties? Do you think he liked them?”

“How could he have seen them from there? You know what I think?”

“What?”

“I think he likes it when you have to pee.” Reagan smiled, a smile that hid her own worry that she might like it too

Makenzie, who usually was embarrassed at lewd ideas, didn’t seem to mind when it came to her crush

“Is that all I have to do? I just need to pee really bad? Then he’ll notice me?”

“Maybe?”

“But when am I going to need to go again this bad?”

“You could always drink water before science class.”

“What about science class?” The girls turned around, Ms. Kelly was behind them, only Reagan noticed her wet crotch

“Oh, hi Ms. Kelly. Nothing. Missed you in class today.”

“I missed teaching you guys…line’s not really moving, is it?”

Mackenzie shook her head, as the rest of the softball team filed in behind Ms. Kelly. All of them except for Madison, who cut right in front of Makenzie. Reagan’s heart skipped a beat. Her crush. Instantly her mind went into overdrive. Ohmygosh she is so hot! Reagan was attracted to Madison’s height, and the girl had long, well built legs that wore her light, high-waisted jeans well. Reagan had fantasized about Madison, imagining that they were secretly in love, even though the two had never spoken before. Her ash blonde hair and sun-tanned skin were the icing on the cake. Another thought entered her mind. A new one. Maybe she really has to pee. Maybe she’s bursting, what if she loses control in line? Reagan bit her lip as her sexual thoughts started to take hold. Suddenly, a push. It was Makenzie

“Say something!”

“Hm? Oh, yeah…Devin’s cute.”

“What? I mean talk to her!” She pointed to Maddison “She cut in line, and I have to pee!”

Reagan felt her hands get sweaty. Her chance to introduce herself. She opened her mouth, and her tongue tied. She closed her mouth. And tapped Madison on the arm. The tall girl looked at her, and Reagan nearly melted into her green eyes. Madison waited for her to speak

“H-hi-hey…”

“Hi.”

That was all she could muster. Reagan looked back at Makenzie, Mackenzie looked annoyed. Ms. Kely spoke up

“Could this line be any slower?” Her legs were crossed as she waited. Mackenzie responded

“I know, the bathrooms have been down all day. I’ve been waiting…”

“I can’t wait any longer, and neither can my girls. Mackenzie, your my best student, so I’m going to let you tag along. I have an idea.”

Ms. Kelly dug into her pocket and produced a set of keys. She announced to her team

“Girls, follow me!”

Reagan stared at Madison as she followed the other softball players, only following when Makenzie motioned for her to follow. She was looking for any sign of desperation as they ventured to the science room. However, Madison walked without giving any. Reagan felt disapointment as she fell in line with the small group. What’s wrong with me? She asked, feeling guilt about another womans predicament.

The lights were off in Ms. Kelly’s classroom. The substitute had left awhile ago. As they came on, and the room sprung to life, Ms. Kelly’s coaching experience took over while she revealed her idea to her students.

“Alright, one, maybe two of you can use the sink.” She pointed to the massive basin.

The sink was built to withstand chemicals and other science projects and their contaminants being dumped down the drain. As a result, it was built fairly large. This size would allow for at least two of her girls. Instead the stared at her. Ms. Kelly didn’t have time to take their silent objections into account. Insead she kept looking.

“I guess we can also use a measuring cup or two…” She said more to herself than to her girls.

Still, they all stared at her. Gianna, Grace, Blakelyn and Madison all stayed still, looking at each other. Then they heard something behind them.

The assistant coach, Harper, took Ms. Kelly’s idea and grabbed the small metal trashcan by the door. She placed it under herself and flipped the lid off. Pulling down her pants, she exposed herself to her teammates. She got into a half squat, her butt just over the container. A light tapping could be heard. Then a droning splatter as Harper began to pee into the empty can.

A certain calmness overtook her as she relaxed. Calmly, she looked at the other girls and pointed, the droning hiss of her release wasn’t loud enough to take her voice.

“Two of you can use the recycle bin if you go butt to butt.”

The blue recycle bin was a decently sized tub that sat on the floor. It still held papers in it that were awaiting recycling. Gianna and Blakelyn each grabbed a side and pulled it from the wall, placing it just infront of the still peeing Harper.

The two of them disrobed while they listened to the assistant coach pee. Once their pants were around their ankles, they turned, leaving Grace, Madison, Mackenzie and Reagan standing. Grace asked

“Hey where’s Maci?”

“Ok girls? I’m going to ask you to be supportive. Maci’s wet her pants and-”

“She’s not the only one.”

Everyone in the room looked towards Madison. Wave after wave of clear liquid poured out of the back of her high-wasited jeans, and hissed down her legs. It moved quickly, in no time, it had reached past Madison’s kneecaps, enveloping both of her legs as a puddle formed on the floor. As it reached her cuffs, it began to wash into her shoes. Her hot urine poured into her sneakers, waterlogging them. Madison’s expression didn’t change. She was stonefaced, except for the shade of red that her cheeks were turning. Slapping thighs with her palms, she brought her arms back up and folded them, just under her breasts.

It warmed her crotch. The searing heat nearly matched her cheeks, which burned in embarrassment. Disobediently, her bladder continued to release its contents into her panties. It was too late, Madison resigned herself to the fact that she was having an accident.

“O-oh! You’re making me pee!”

Blakelyn spoke up, though she was already hoving over the recycle bin with her pants around her ankles, she began to spray a strong stream out of her and all over the papers in the bin. Like snow on a hot day, they melted under her forceful pee.

“Me too!”

Grace’s legs were shaking, she couldn’t stop the quick spirts of pee that were making their way into her uniform pants as she felt her bladder release. A warm trickling feeling began in her crotch. Her labia tickled and twinged as she felt a rush of hot pee fall out of her. As she continued to force the wet buttons of her pants open, she could only think of one thing to save her.

Turning to Gianna, who had not started to pee yet, she pushed her teammate hard

“Move! Let me piss!”

The black girl tripped over her pants, which she had pulled down to pee into the bin. With a crash, Gianna nearly fell headfirst into the whiteboard. Instead, she fell to the floor.

Grace ripped down her pants, her snatch hissing as a heavy stream of piss poured out. The sound on the pile of papers in the bin was unique, and it drowned out Blakelyn’s. Grace felt like a primitive woman. Without a care left, she knew she felt good, and that’s all that mattered.

“Grace, what the hell! Look what you’re making me do!”

Gianna was rolled onto one hip, a small puddle began to form down her leg as her clear pee rolled down onto the floor. Her pink skin showed through her spread legs. It glistened with pee running through it and provided a stark contrast to her fawned skin.

Reagan was unable to comprehend what was happening. Her crush had just wet her pants, and three other girls were peeing infront of her. She looked at Makenzie, her friend still desperate.

“Guess we get the sink.”

“We?”

“I want to pee too.”

Reagan didn’t need to go. But she was aroused. The only thing she could think of the calm herself was to pee. Grabbing Makenzie’s wrist, she led her to the sink, as the sounds of the softball girls peeing continued. Makenzie didn’t resist as Reagan put her own leg up on one side of the sink. Both girls were running on instinct. Reagan on sexual instinct, Makenzie on desperation. She spoke as the tow moved their panties to the side, exposing themselves to each other for the first time

“I didn’t know you had to go to Reagan!”

“Yup. I can’t wait anymore.”

It was a lie. But Reagan did at least force herself to go. It dripped and dropped out of her, a much weaker stream than Makezie’s. Reagan watched as the stream from Makezie exploded forth, remaining strong. It sounded like there was a small river inside the room, and Reagan watched the entire show. As Makenzie pushed, her stream became even stronger. Then it stopped. Then it started again, this time weaker. But it continued to pour out of her in a rhythmic flow. She was not stopping. With one final contraction, her stream regained its strength and pushed out what remined inside her. She sighed. Relieved.

The sounds of the other girls relieving themselves too had also started to die down as they finished. But there was still one more.

The room filled with the sound of a liquid splattering into a container. Ms. Kelly had found an empty glass measuring cup. Shivers and feelings of relief ran up from her peeing slit up through her chest and body. As the cup filled it became heavy. For a moment though, she didn’t care; she just wanted to finally pee. It was warm, and the heat of her spray was felt through the cup and against her hand. She looked down, the cup was nearly full, and she was nowhere near done. There wasn’t much she could think of doing. But she had to find a way as her pee overflowed and began to splash the floor. She stopped, the pain of stopping her flow was unreal. It felt like her entire urinary system had bucked against her wishes to stop peeing, and in revolt, she started leaking again.

Gingerly placing the cup on a lab table, Ms. Kelly called for relief.

“Girls, bring the bin over here!” She grabbed her nude crotch “Oh! I…can’t…” Another splashing sound could be heard as pee flowed through the slits in her fingers.

She removed her hand and displayed both palms outwardly. Still standing, she explained

“I’m peeing.”

Ms. Kelly had gotten her pants around her ankles, and the slight arc that her pee had reached just in front of them as she stood. However, the expanding puddle on the floor and the splashing urine were still wetting her pants in strange patterns. Her legs were together, and her students and team could barely see their teacher’s pussy. Yet the clear splashing pee was snaking and making its way down her leg. They all watched Ms. Kelly pee. Like Madison and Gianna, she too had made a puddle on the floor.

All of the women stood, still breathing heavily from their desperate relases. Madison stood in now cold jeans, and three distinct puddles existed on the floor. Ms. Kelly broke the news.

“We…we still have the senior team photo girls.” She pulled up her pants.

They were soaked. The back and the front. The sides and the cuffs. She examed them for a moment.

“I guess Maci won’t be the only one with a stained uniform.”

“I peed my pants too.” Grace added.

She had, the crotch and inseams were wet and there was no hiding the stain. As Gianna pulled up her pants, part of her puddle had made its way onto the seat of her pants, and the crotch was stained from her leaking.

“I guess we’ll call the janitor…” Ms. Kelly wasn’t looking forward to that conversation

“I’ll clean it up!” Reagan offered

“Me too!” Mackenzie added

Ms. Kelly smiled, the first good news in a while

“Thank you both. Don’t be surprised if you find some extra credit on your scores.”

“Thanks Ms. Kelly!” They said in unison.

The softball girls walked out, leaving Reagan and Makenzie alone.

Reagan had only offered to clean because of her new found fascination with pee. She was happy to have her friend help, but Makenzie didn’t need to know anything. At least not now. Reagan had already come to terms with who she was attracted to. Next was discovering herself further. She’d have much exploring to do after what she had witnessed that day; and her adventures were just getting started.

###

As Madison walked down the wall in her squeaking wet shoes, she heard Gianna

“Hey Maddie? Your make-up is a little off. Do you mind if I help you fix it?”

Madison looked down at her former friend and shook her head. While the rest of the team went left, the two turned right. As they walked down the hall, Madison’s wet jeans and sqelching sneakers left a small trail of pee droplets. Having downed the green tea at the restaurant, her pants smelled strongly of pee.

The two made their way towards the bathroom, and their still stood a small line. Three girls, all of whom were notorious for smoking, and Sofia. The black haired girl with olive skin was hunched over, her hands buried deep into the crotch of her black leggings. She clearly could only feel agony in her desire to hold it. All she could do was pretzel her legs and lower her body into a quasi-squat. It must have hurt, and hurt badly.

As Madison walked by, she felt someone clutch her arm. It was Sofia. The brat’s nostrils were flared, she thought Madison was trying to cut her in line. Gianna stepped in, pointing to Madison’s wet jeans and her stained uniform

“Its fine. We just peed.”

Sofia let them go, the group of smokers ahead of them.

“Bitch.” Gianna whispered about Soifa

“Yeah, but she has a perfect ass.” Madison argued.

Gianna gave her a look as they stepped into the two stall bathroom. Both had to step over a puddle on the floor. Someone else hadn’t made it either. Two of the girls in front of the occupied a stall while their friend desperately danced at the stall door. Gianna made conversation as two desperate, forceful streams pounded the toilets behind her.

“Look, Maddie…that was quite the experience, huh?”

Madison looked down at her jeans

“You could say that.”

“I’m not taking back what I said. But I don’t want that to be our last talk either.”

The two heard a shuffling. Looking behind them, the girl who had been left out of the stalls was now standing in the free space between the stall and the wall. Undoing her jeans, she was preparing to squat. Another girl that just couldn’t wait. Both Madison and Gianna could hear the other two peeing into the toilets, so there was little options. However Gianna offered one.

“If you’d rather use the sink, we can move.”

The girl turned around as she started to pee, a second puddle appearing on the bathroom floor. She had more acne than a high school senior should, a symptom of her unhealthy skin.

“Thanks but, I’ve already started.” She looked at Madison’s jeans “I couldn’t wait either.”

She turned back to herself, squatting over the bathroom floor, bathing the tile in an eruption of hot piss. It sounded as if she was taking a shower. The force with which the girl was smacking the floor with her pee created an audible confirmation of the puddle that she was creating on the floor. It was countered only by the hiss of her pale yellow arc. Now desensitzed to the sights and sounds of pee, Gianna and Madison resumed their conversation.

“So what would you rather have our last words be?” Madison asked

“I want you to know that I don’t hate you. I don’t forgive you either, but I don’t hate you.”

Madison nodded as the sound of the other girls using the toilets ended. A new sound emerged. Sofia’s footsteps on the bathroom tile. She walked right though the puddle of pee that someone had left behind, and stood in front of one of the stalls. She knocked

“Open the door.” She crossed her legs

“Who is that? Sofia?”

“You owe me 20 bucks. No way!”

“Open this door this second!”

“Not unless you pay me. I seen what your Dad drives, you got the money!”

Sofia banged on the stall door to no avail. Gianna and Madison reumed their conversation again.

“I am sorry about it. I just…I don’t know what I was thinking.”

“I don’t know what you were thinking either.” Gianna pointed to Madisons stained jeans “But maybe the fact that you have to walk home in those is punishment enough.”

“Yeah, that’s gonna suck. Worst part is, my sister’s the only one home.”

“Yeah?”

“Uh-huh. And I borrowed her panties. Panties that I pissed in.”

“She’s gonna be mad.”

“You know it. Hey…” Madison offered one final hug. The end of their time together. Gianna reciprocated.

“I’ve got to go get my picture taken. Best of luck to you.”

“You too.”

It was then that Gianna tapped Madison on the back. She pointed to Sofia.

The woman stood at the stall door, left leg cross over the right one. Despite her black leggings, a clear and obvious shien was running down the back of her leg. Drips, droplets and rivulets were making their way down towards the floor. The other girl, who had just finished peeing on the floor, made the situation known.

“Hey Sofia’s pissing her pants!”

“Really?” There was laughter “No way!”

The girls in the stalls called out, and the stall in front of Sofia opened. She darted in as the other girl stood, but didn’t have time to pull her leggings down. Instead, she sat straight down on the toilet. She felt the warmth stop running down her legs, and instead pool around her butt. Dripping, leaking and hissing, she forced out the rest of her bladder's contents.

Both Madison and Gianna left the bathroom, leaving Sofia to be mocked by the other girls. A just deserts for her belittling of Jamie and others throughout Howe High. That’s what made the school special. Classes may come and go, students and drama may happen, but let no one muscle their way to the top, or they’ll come crashing down.

The group picture of the softball team would go on as planned. Stained pants and all. The picture would be hung in the school lobby for a year, until that teams photo replaced it. But for the one with the stained pants and fake smiles of Ms. Kelly and her players, at least it was memorable. Everyone would remember the burst pipe for years to come. It was just another chapter in the history of Howe High.

A/N: After all 14K words, I have just one question. Who was your favorite character in this story?

*007*2022-06-16 23:01

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

It is a bit unclear to me the position that Gianna was peeing in when she fell to the floor after being pushed. Was it kind of like this

, just lying more on her hips than torso?

}}

Kind of like that, but she was rolled onto her hip, so her butt would have been parallel to the floor.

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

One final thing. I noticed this sentence that I'm fairly certain is supposed to say she DOESN'T need to wear. I'm only pointing it out because it says that opposite of what it is supposed to say.

“She’s not in the group picture, so she does have to wear it.”

}}

Oops! Lol must have snuck by in proofreading. I’ve made an edit to fix it

*009*2022-06-17 00:26

{{29 minutes ago, orangelion said:

Parallel or perpendicular? Because in the picture the woman's butt is parallel to the floor

}}

Perpendicular. It’s been a long day lol
