The long road to Motherhood - Page 2

Author: knockonthedoor

*025*2022-05-09 19:02

With the feedback and response to the epilogue, I've decided to continue the story.

However, I'm also working on my other project, which you can find here

, so updates will be somewhat slow. I also have a 3rd story I want to start as well, and the 3 will rotate in publishing order.

Before I start constructing the continuation of this story, is there any specific scenario you would like to see? This is your only opportunity to let me know, feel free to comment it or DM me.

*027*2022-05-09 22:18

{{9 minutes ago, Bismiris said:

I wouldn't mind reading about Ashlynn peeing outside. It sounded like she really wanted to try that technique Michelle taught her.

}}

Got it. It’ll be in there. I’ll tag you when the scene comes up

*030*2022-05-10 02:27

{{15 minutes ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

I like all that is said but I’d like more bedwetting if possible!

}}

Yup, I have it planned as the sort of “plot” that will be explored, so expect it a few times! And maybe not all in a bed specifically…

*031*2022-05-18 23:23

So from what I gather, the majority of you would appreciate the backstory of why Ashlynn was so willing to accept what her mother was doing and try it, correct?

I usually prefer to put my stories in chronological order, but if you a feel like this is missing, I will start working on it ASAP

*032*2022-05-24 20:34

A/N: This is a prequel of sorts, as to why Ashlynn was so eager to try omo with Michelle in the epilogue. I like the ending of this a lot actually, but feel like I should have done this section first. Either way, I think you'll like it too. As always, feedback is not only welcome but appreciated! Oh, and thanks to @derektor_2000 for helping out with the some of the idea for this!

Ashlynn could hardly hear over the music. The ground nearly shook from the beat and the amount of people crowded into the house. A body shoved her one way, a red solo cup dashed in front of her face. She recognized no one, and that was the fun of it. As she waded through the crowd of fellow college students, she finally pushed herself towards a game table.

A number of the same red cups were spread out on a table tennis board, strategically designed for beer pong. Two men stood on either end of the table. Ashlynn maneuvered her way into the crowd and pushed her way towards her roommate. Reaching out, she poked the black woman, letting her know she was there.

“Hey Ash! Find anyone?”

“Hard to find someone to talk to. How’s Darius doing?”

Cheers interrupted the two. One of the players had gotten the ball inside the cup. Everyone on their side took a drink. Ashlynn finished hers, which was nearly empty. Her roommate shrugged, her shoulder-length, curly black hair stayed in place while she moved.

“I don’t think anyone wins this.”

“So long as you get lit, right?”

Jackie laughed at the joke and nodded. Looking in Ashlynn’s cup she called out to the group behind them

“Someone get her another one!”

Like an old fire brigade, word spread from one party goer to the next, whispers of someone needing a refill made it though the group. In moments, a filled cup was passed back to Jackie, show gave it to Ashlynn. The crowd cheered as one of the males scored another point. The other side of the crowd took a drink.

“You got a chaser, Jackie? I hate drinking this straight.”

“Its beer, what do you need a chaser for?”

“It tastes better, that’s all.”

“You’re crazy-“ The crowd cheered, time for another drink. Jackie gulped hers down quickly. “Drink that quick, you won’t even notice.”

Grimacing, Ashlynn look at her cup

“This your first party?”

“N-no.”

Jackie gave her a look. She expected Ashlynn to drink. So she did. Quickly. It ran over her mouth and dribbled on her striped shirt, a little dripping on her denim skirt.

“Two more!” Jackie called out.

Ashlynn started to feel warm and fuzzy. The alcohol she had already had plus what she had just downed was starting to take effect. She was handed another cup and the night really began.

Ashlynn mingled about. Moving from the beer pong audience to another group of friends from her psychology classes, who also handed her a drink, she was still unable to find what she was looking for. A guy. Not that there weren’t any attractive ones there, but they were either taken, or uninteresting. One had given her a drink, and that was nice of him, but something about him just didn’t click with Ashlynn. Whatever her limit was, she had passed it, and was starting to become too drunk to care. Except that her bladder cared. For the first time that night, it asked for relief.

Maneuvering and pushing through assorted groups of people, Ashlynn found her way towards the bathroom. There was one where she was and one upstairs. The line she found was immense, with many bodies lined up against the wall. Other college girls stood, some nonchalantly, others squirming where they stood. The girl closest to the closed door had her hands buried deep in her crotch. Opting to try the upstairs bathroom, Ashlynn turned, only to hear a familiar voice.

“Ash!” She looked to see Jackie, her back against the wall, motioning for her.

As she approached her roommate, Ashlynn could see her legs jiggling in her jeans, and her back pressed against the wall, bunching her white tank top.

“Still no luck?”

“None. That’s ok-“

Suddenly another girl behind them interrupted

“Uh, no. You don’t get to cut me!”

The blonde spoke out of desperation, her legs crossed as she accosted Jackie and Ashlynn

“It’s fine, she’s just keeping me company.” Jackie lied

The blonde pointed at Ashlynn “You better let me go. I have to piss, so fucking bad right now!”

Ashlynn only nodded. She wasn’t the only one. She tried to make small talk with Jackie

“I thought that last class was really interesting.”

“What? The one with Dr. Hoffman?”

“Yeah, what’d you think of that new therapy?”

Jackie shrugged, bending at the hips as she balled her fists at her sides. Ashlynn started to bob her knees. She wasn’t nearly as desperate as her roommate, but the fact that she was in a line full of other bursting women had the subconscious effect on her. She thought back to her drive to school with her mother. The image of her mother flooding her jeans in front of her came back, along with the lessons she had learned. Ashlynn really hadn’t forgotten any of them, but she had yet to put them to use. She was about to strike up another conversation with Jackie, when a pair of hands reached around her thin frame.

“Eeep!” Jackie squealed and bent forward. The hands catching her

The massive hands belonged to her boyfriend Darius. His hand were big enough to hold Jackie’s entire thin frame.

“Babe! I have to go!”

He laughed, his wide smile obvious as he continued to hug his girlfriend. She squirmed in his embrace, but made no effort to escape. He addressed Ashlynn next, his massive height made him more than tower over Jackie as he spoke

“Ashlynn! I have someone for you to meet!”

“Really?” The line was still stalled

“You met Jason? He’s on the team.”

“Football?”

“What other team would it be?”

“I don’t know, any of them?”

“You want to meet him, or not?”

“Sure, send him over.”

Darius bent forward, kissing Jackie who had to stand on the balls of her feet to reach his lips. The action caused her to bend forward again

“Ugh. No more of that babe until I piss.”

“Just go outside. I got us a spot for when you come back…”

Jackie looked at Ashlynn

“Are we that close as friends yet?”

“What?”

“You want to go outside?”

“Uh-“ Ashlynn thought for a moment that her roommate was propositioning her

“To pee, you idiot!”

“Oh! Yeah! Sure! My mo-um…I mean, I can do that…” Ashlynn nearly revealed how she got over her fear.

As the two walked away from the still line of desperate women, Jackie turned to the rude blonde behind them

“We’re good, you can go.”

The other girl barely eked out a thank you. Her hands clamped down on her crotch as she sauntered up to the vacated space.

Jackie and Ashlynn pushed their way through the crowd of people and made their way to the lawn in front of the house. Despite the relatively urban setting, there was a group of trees lined up against the edge of the property, blocking a view of the house from the street. As they walked across the grass, Ashlynn asked

“You’re a pro at this right?”

Jackie laughed “No! I was just going to copy you!”

It was Ashlynn’s turn to laugh “I’ve only done this once!”

“We’ll figure it out!”

As they reached the tree-line, Ashlynn thought back to her mother’s instructions. As she walked herself through them, she voiced them to Jackie.

“Ok, so look both ways, and as you do so unzip your pants.”

Jackie complied, looking around, and just like Ashlynn, saw no one. Unlike Jackie, who simply had jeans on, Ashlynn struggled to bunch her denim skirt up. She tried to squat over the dirt, but her skirt would not move out of the way of her panties. She was having a hard time figuring it out. Jackie, who was now also squatting, gave her a simple suggestion.

“Ash, why don’t you…ahhh…” She started to pee. “why don’t you just go forward. On your knees?”

“Oh yeah! Good idea!” Ashlynn did so, rolling forward onto her knees, her skirt now out of the way

“So you excited to meet Darius’s friend?” Jackie asked, the stream still rolling out of her exposed womanhood

“Sounds like fun, sure.”

Ashlynn relaxed, not even thinking about what she was doing. It took longer than she expected, but she finally felt a familiar relaxing sensation. Surprisingly, she felt an unfamiliar warmth envelop her privates. But as the dirt below her started to splatter with her urine, Ashlynn knew she had to be doing it right. Still, she felt unusally moist.

“No panties Ash? Sexy.” Jackie commented, the two still peeing

“No? I have them…oh no.”

Jackie erupted in a spate of laughter

“You forgot to take them off!” She laughed, her whole body shaking, her stream bouncing with her laughter

“How am I supposed to stop?” Ashlynn squealed

“I can’t believe you…” Jackie wheezed

“St-op!” Ashlynn playfully pushed her as she instinctively reached under herself and pulled her dripping panties to the side

Her playful push was enough to knock Jackie over, and her roommate lay on her back, her lower half still twisted towards Ashlynn. The pink skin between her dark-skinned labia glistened as the last of her pee ran over her thigh. She still giggled.

Ashlynn’s stream had created a small pool that held her bubbling piss. An obvious puddle had formed under her, despite how much had been caught by her panties. It overflowed and combined with Jackie’s puddle, as Ashlynn’s roommate shook and stood. She asked Ashlynn as the latter was finishing

“Am I good?”

Ashlynn looked at her roommate, her thigh was a little wet from where Ashlynn had pushed her. Unless someone knew what it was however, they wouldn’t suspect how she got it. Ashlynn gave her a thumbs up.

“Cool. I’m gonna go give Darius some head. I’ll come find you later. Promise I won’t tell!”

Ashlynn pulled her panties back over herself.

“You better not!”

“Promise!” Jackie called back

As Ashlynn stood, she thanked her mother for her lesson. As she made her way back to the house, she begun to realize the cooling sensation around her crotch. It certainly wasn’t as gross as she would have imagined.

As she made it back into the house, her heart sank. She thought they were talking about her as two men passed by

“Bro, you see that chick pee on herself?”

“I’d still smash though dude!”

Ashlynn turned around, but they paid no attention to her. The couldn’t have been talking about her. As she ventured around the rooms, she noticed a small crowd around the bathroom line she and Jackie had been in. A massive puddle had formed on the hardwood floor and people were simply walking around it, no one bothering to clean it. The idea intrigued Ashlynn.

That could have been me. Hell, that might be me. Standing still for a moment, Ashlynn felt under her skirt. Her moist, damp panties clung to her. She felt mischievous, excited, and playful. No one knew about her incident except for Jackie. And though the two had met just a few months ago, Ashlynn was sure Jackie wouldn’t prattle on about their time outside. Glowing with a lively attitude, she heard her name called

“Hey, are you Ashlynn?”

She turned to see a tall man with short chestnut hair and a big smile. Almost instantly attracted, she spoke nervously

“H-hi.”

“I’m Jason.” He extended his hand “Darius said you were really cool.”

“Well, he said you were cool too…” Damn that was smooth Ash. Where’d that come from?

She guessed that her frisky mood might have come from the wet panties that clung to her tight pussy. In any case, the two hit it off well. Quickly, their conversation devolved into sports talk. Given that Jason was on the team, Ashlynn could talk in-depth with him without seeming over-invested in the topic. As they carried on, the drinks flowed, and Ashlynn could feel herself wobbling as the night wore on.

“Yo-you’re so cool. C-can I get your number?” Jason stumbled, having had enough for himself

“Yes!” Ashlynn said excitedly, owing to her drunkenness.

She gave him a number, she figured it was hers. Breaking their conversation, Ashlynn happily stumbled from room to room, trying to find Jackie. Someone grabbed her arm

“Hey! Where you goin’?” Some overweight man in khakis and a polo saw the drunken girl

“Loo-lookin’ f-for my friend.”

“I can be your friend…” He and his buddies chuckled.

While none of them were physically imposing, they gave unwanted looks. Ashlynn would have normally been worried, but her drunkenness had started to settle in. Before another on of them could speak, a voice spoke up from behind them

“Hey Ash! I think you gave me the wrong number!”

It was Jason, his stature alone was enough to cause the overweight creep to back down.

“Wha-what’s wrong?” Ashlynn fumbled her words.

Before addressing her, Jason looked over at the group of overweight, gangly men.

“The fuck you looking at?”

The group slunk away from the wall, moving on to another area of the party. Jason turned back to Ashlynn.

“Yeah, I sent you a text, and I think it was your mother.”

“Oh! Sh-“ Ashlynn broke out in a fit of laughter.

She remembered her wet panties

“I guess I have her on the mind!” She gave him the correct number.

Noticing her difficulty with the numbers, and interaction with the other group, Jason felt concerned

“Did Jackie leave you?”

“N-no sh-she’s somewhere…”

He took her by the shoulder “Lets find her, its late. Ok?”

Ashlynn giggled “You’re so strong.”

Jason smiled at the complement, but getting Ashlynn safely back to the dorm was his top priority.

After winding though the tightly packed hallways, the pair finally found Darius. He was waiting outside the upstairs bathroom for Jackie. As he and Jason spoke, Jackie reappeared, and she and Darius agreed to get Ashlynn back to the dorm. Drunkenly following the two out of the house, Ashlynn stumbled and giggled to herself. Once the reached the street, and the noise of the party only rang in the distance, Ashlynn decided to announce

“H-Hey Jack-Jackie.”

Her black roommate turned, acknowledging Ashlynn.

“I hafta pee.”

“Ok. We’re almost back Ash. You can pee there.”

As she stumbled after her roommate, Ashlynn couldn’t help but feel a voice speak to her. Just go. Wet your panties. It’s fun. Remember what it felt like after you wet the bed? How the stuck to you? Remember how fun it was to break the rules? Why not have some more fun?

Ashlynn began to shush. Not just the voice in her head, but because she liked how it tickled her mouth. Both Darius and Jackie turned around as the drunken Ashlynn stood there, shushing no one in particular.

“What?” Jackie asked as Darius shrugged his shoulders

Ashlynn spread her legs and stood still for a moment

“Oh. She’s gonna be sick.” Darius guessed

“No. I think she’s gonna pee.” Jackie corrected

The most obvious stream broke through her panties under her denim skirt and splashed loudly onto the concrete sidewalk below. In jubilation Ashlynn threw both of arms in the air

“Weeeee!!!!”

As Darius turned away, all he could hear was Ashlynn’s pee splashing the sidewalk. Jackie spoke up

“Told you she was gonna piss!”

Grabbing her phone, she started to record the event.

As Ashlynn flooded her panties, small streams and flows of urine soaked into her small boots and a large, dark puddle formed below her. It splashed Jackie as she got closer to her peeing roommate, capturing the entire act. The impressive force of her drunken pee cascaded down the sidewalk. There was a small incline, and her piss ran backwards after it hit the ground.

Jackie filmed the puddle, the stream, Ashlynn’s dripping legs and even a quick view of her panties. A camel-toe had formed from her previous soaking, and that too, was captured on Jackie’s phone. As Ashlynn began to stop she started to walk again, leaving a dripping trail behind her.

####

Morning came and went before Ashlynn awoke. Her head pounding and her mouth dry, she turned over to see Jackie, topless and laying on her adjacent bed. The two of them were hungover, and the bright sunshine hurt their eyes. Ashlynn heard Jackie tapping out a message on her phone. It was to Ashlynn, who read it.

So glad we’re roommates. You’re a ton of fun!

Thanks. Got any water?

You don’t need anymore. Remember last night?

I remember Jason.

Of course you do. Remember pissing yourself?

LOL, what?

Yeah.

Jackie sent over part of the video. Ashlynn saw her legs, her skirt, dripping with pee as she flooded her panties.

Ashlynn looked back over at Jackie, and the tow shared their first interaction of the day. A laugh. A laugh hard enough to make Jackie snort. She spoke first.

“Speaking of which.” She got up to use the bathroom.

Ashlynn thought back. She couldn’t really remember the event, much to her chagrin. But she remembered talking to Jason. She was wet then, right? She remembered having some sort of incident. She picked up her phone again, tapping out a text to her mother

Hey mom, have you ever

She shook her head. No. She shouldn’t send that. Ashlynn deleted it. But who else to talk to about it? It was fun. And Ashlynn doubted many would believe her. But maybe Michelle would know. But how to bring it up. Little did she know, she wouldn’t have to wait long before she’d catch her mother in the very same act.

A/N: While most of these additional characters are only going to get a passing mention going forward, Jackie will have a bit more of a role. I liked how Jason came across. I had some more written as part of their dialogue, but cut it because I didn't think it was necessary. What did you think of Ashlynn at college? I personally think she works much better as a character when she's with Michelle, and that separating the two hurts the chemistry a little. I also think I skipped on the desperation a little, but don't worry, it'll return in force in the next chapter!

*034*2022-05-25 14:12

{{8 hours ago, [X] Doubt said:

I have to say, this is the first story in a long time that I actually read through all of the chapters. Your writing is really good, and I think the relationship between Ashlynn and Michelle was built up very naturally. Though if I’m being honest, I felt like the epilogues weren’t as strong as the original 4 chapters, mainly with some of Ashlynn’s actions.

She just felt kind of out of character when she was so eager to pee herself on purpose with her mom. Cause when she was being taught those lessons on how to pee in unconventional situations, there was a practical reasoning behind it. It felt rational because the two of them had seen each other soak themselves terribly a good bit, and at that point it wasn’t really a surprise for them to watch each other pee. Though, all of those were accidents, and the last two were examples. There was a good bit of hinting that both of them are into wetting themselves, but the two characters have no idea that they both feel aroused while doing that. So to me, I think Ashlynn should’ve had more time to process and question, cause then all of Michelle’s wettings would go deeply under the question of was it all on purpose. Especially her bed wettings since she doesn’t see it build up over time.

}}

Wow! Great feedback! This is exactly the kind of analysis that I love to read!

The original idea ended with chapter 4, but it felt like I was just leaving the characters too soon. I’ll agree for sure that Ashlynn’s motivations weren’t set up well enough, which I tried to correct with the last section, but its hard to correct with just one chapter. Perhaps instead of being eager to try it, she should have been angry, or more curious, I can see that. I think these are all valid points!

{{8 hours ago, [X] Doubt said:

Maybe some time could pass, and Ashlynn completely explores her piss kink, and she finds a woman who is just as into omo as she is. I’m not sure what her sexuality is, but it could go either way I suppose (I think making her bi would be pretty hot, but that’s just personal preference). This woman is kind of a bold rebel, which Michelle highly disapproves of. Ashlynn brings her over to Michelle’s place over the break, and the story could go in a more sexual direction where this rebel pokes at the mothers desires subtly. That’s just an idea that I have, but I’m happy with wherever this great story goes.

}}

I love the idea, but the rest of this story is already set in stone. However, this wouldn’t be a bad idea on its own.

Thanks again for the feedback, this was a great analysis!

{{1 hour ago, PeeHour said:

I liked seeing Ashlynn at college, her friends also fit into the story nicely. in my opinion it does fill the gap and aid in adding to why Ashlynn was so willing to wet with her mother. I think it's okay to have her on her own sometimes. Yeah it's better when her mom is around, but it's not like she would only every experiment with her present, so I found this latest epilogue believable. It would make sense for the mother and daughter to experiment separately on their own so they both have more 'tips' for each other when they meet again.

}}

That’s true, though, in looking through my notes, this might be the only time they’re apart. I’m glad Ashlynn worked out on her own for you though, I had my doubts about the last section, so I’m happy it worked out!
