The patient becomes the doctor

Author: Karly_cr

*000*2023-06-30 04:29

A police officer named Kate Rodriguez was off duty and had to get a pelvic ultrasound with a full bladder. Kate read the requirements for her pelvic ultrasound, the requirements said 'please drink 2 liters of water 2 hours before your ultrasound and DO NOT PEE'. "Shit, I didn't drink any water" kate said as she parked her car in the clinic parking lot and walked inside. "You must be Kate" a woman in scrubs said, "Indeed I am" Kate replied, "I'm Isabelle, But you can just call me Belle" The woman in scrubs said happily. 

"Nice to meet you" Kate said. "Follow me to the scan room Kate" Isabelle said. While Isabelle and Kate were walking to the scan room Kate noticed several features about Isabelle, her thighs were thick and muscular, her ass was big and jiggled when she walked, her belly was extremely large and stretched her scrubs extremely tight. "Are you pregnant?" Kate asked. "Yes I am, Twins" Isabelle replied. "Congratulations, how far along are you?" Kate asked. "Almost 9 months" Isabelle replied. "No wonder your belly is so big" Kate said. Isabelle just smiled.

Isabelle opened the door to the ultrasound room and ushered Kate in and then shuts the door and locks it. "Remove your pants and shirt and lay flat on the table" Isabelle asked. "Okay" Kate says as she removes her pants and shirt and lays flat on the table. Isabelle applies ultrasound jell to Kate's belly and the ultrasound probe. Isabelle then presses the probe into Kate's bladder, "Why is your bladder empty?" Isabelle asked sternly, "I forgot to drink water" Kate replied. "One second" Isabelle said as she walked over to the storage cabinet and grabbed the large jug of water and diuretics. "Drink it all" Isabelle demanded. "Okay" Kate said before drinking all the water and the diuretics.

Isabelle wipes the jell off Kate's belly. "Get off the table for me" Isabelle said, "um okay" Kate replied slightly confused. Kate got off the table. Isabelle removed her pants and shirt exposing her white lace bra and panties, her bra barely containing her big boobs. Isabelle then grabbed a large bottle of water and drank it, she then hopped on the table and lowered her panties down to her hips. "What are you doing?" Kate asked extremely confused, "I thought that while we wait for your bladder to fill you could scan me for fun" Isabelle replied happily, Oh okay" Kate replied, grabbing the jell and probe, applying jell to Isabelle's belly and then gently placing the probe on her belly and moving it around. 

"You can push harder than that" Isabelle said. 

"If you insist" Kate replies, pushing harder. Isabelle's bladder is filling fast and pretty soon she is super desperate. Kate is getting full herself. Kate moved the probe down towards Isabelle's bladder. "Fuck, I'm so full" Isabelle groaned. "Full indeed" Kate replied. Kate moves the probe even lower and presses harder. "Ugh, I'm going to fucking leak" Isabelle said as she clenched her thighs and squeezed her muscles. "Okay, I'm finished and full" Kate said crossing her legs and groaning. Isabelle wiped the jell off her belly and attempts to go to the bathroom but Kate blocks her. " no peeing Belle, you still have to scan me" Kate said placing her hand on Isabelle's belly. "Get up on that table Kate, please hurry" Isabelle begged.

Kate hurriedly gets on the table. Isabelle applies jell to Kate's belly and presses the probe into her bladder area, her bladder is big and full on the screen. "I'm sorry Kate, I can't take it anymore" Isabelle says as she puts down the probe and runs out of the room and into the bathroom, emptying her bladder. Isabelle then returns to the ultrasound room.

Part 2 coming soon.

