The Park

Author: koho

*000*2022-02-08 03:47

The Park

It was all planned in advance. The location. The outfits. The “preparation.” Even the getaway. They couldn’t plan the weather, but it cooperated with a balmy evening.

The time was the most important. He had scouted it the day before, and found that thirty-five minutes after sunset left just enough light to enjoy the visuals, while still giving cover should someone come their way, however unlikely.

He arrived first at the appointed bench, the one in front of the Buckeye tree along the path branching off at the pond. It couldn’t be seen from within the park except from the path itself. If you got the angle just right you might have a peek from the street, but that was a risk worth taking and only added to the fun.

A few minutes passed. His anticipation was great, having talked it over with her in detail earlier over drinks. After another moment he heard her approaching. It was the famed skirt, creating the faintest swish as it swung on her hips with each step. He had not noticed it before, so fixated had he been on the sight of her. But it was the sound that triggered him now.

He swung his legs around so they hung off the end of the bench. She placed her tote at the other end of the bench, safely out of harm’s way, then returned to stand in front of him. Smiling, she sat down sideways on his lap. “We don’t have much time.”

“No need to rush - it won’t get dark for another half hour.”

“That’s not why we have to rush, silly.” There was plenty enough light that she could see him blush.

He held her close, buried his face in her neck and hair, and breathed her in deeply. He could feel her relax, and their breathing synchronized. After a minute, he noticed her legs tense and relax slightly. She pulled her head a way, looked at him, then kissed him. It started small and gentle but quickly expanded, leaving no doubt of her passion. She began to move on his lap slightly. He realized that he didn’t know how long he had been hard, but knew she could feel him.

She stood up, moved in front of him, and sat on his lap, now facing away. He put his arms around her and pulled her close to him, causing her to slide up his lap slightly. Everything fit together as they had planned. She could feel him pressing through his shorts and her skirt, at the base of her ass. He put his hands on her thighs and gently pushed her forward then pulled back; she rocked slightly on his lap, giving them both pleasure that was sure to grow. With his right hand he gently pushed her thigh outward, and she moved her leg so it hung outside of his knee. His hand then climbed up the inside of her thigh, pushing up the skirt, his fingers finding her panties.

Her legs opened a little wider; his fingers pressed gently through her panties and began making small orbits around her clit. She began rocking more. “Mmmm …”. She wanted to keep going, but their position was not exactly that of just another couple making out in the park. And her growing excitement was making her need acute; she could not hold on much longer. “It’s time …”

He tensed as he felt her wetness stream through her panties and over his fingers, his lap turning hot just a second later. This was the moment he’d had in mind when they came up with the plan, to feel her in as many ways as possible as she released. It continued to flow out of her. She put her hand on his, pushing his fingers onto her as her rocking increased in intensity. The feeling of the wet clothes sliding over him, bathed in the heat of her piss, was quickly pushing him to the edge.

Her fingers intertwined with his and moved more more quickly between her legs. He could not help but grab her hips and rock her even harder on his lap, back and forth. The sound of her dripping on the ground, the mind’s-eye image of his cock sliding millimeters below her pussy, the occasional poke of her fingers as she rubbed herself – it was too much. “Can’t stop …” he growled as he came. He pulled her hips hard onto him, just as her flow ebbed and her legs tensed. They stayed still as a stone sculpture for several seconds as they let the wave crash through them.

She leaned back on him. He rested his face on her shoulder, inhaling her again to make the moment last. Pressed together, they stayed warm for a few minutes.

She finally got up and turned to face him. There was no sign of anything untoward. Even the ground zero of his lap showed little evidence thanks to the light synthetic of his shorts. He twirled his index finger, asking her to turn around. Her ass was beautifully traced by a perfect but barely discernible upside-down U on her skirt. If someone walked by they may not even notice anything out of the ordinary except for the large puddle around his feet.

He put his hands on the back of her knees and looked at her wordlessly. She smiled, then retrieved a light sweater from her tote. Tying it around her waste, it hung down just enough that no one would suspect. He took her hand and kissed her fingers. She smiled, then turned and walked away down the path.

