Riley`s Desperation

Author: Kai12

*000*2021-05-31 19:40

Hey guys! This was a commission that I wrote, and I absolutely loved writing it. Hope you guys enjoy!

-

Jade really couldn’t remember the last time that her roommate had an emergency.

Riley, said roommate, was sharing an apartment with her for college, and both just so happened to be in the engineering department. Both were friends since freshman year, and moved in together at the beginning of junior. A lot of people swore they were sisters: both had curly brown hair, a similar complexion, and hazel eyes, only difference was that Riley was taller.

On the days that the two would have free time, which was rare, they would practically be attached to the hip, doing whatever they felt like.

And she swore that her roommate was a fucking camel.

Literally every single day, Jade would strain to listen to her roommate’s trickling stream hit the water in the bowl, as her room was next to the only bathroom they shared. Riley’s classes were scattered throughout the day, so she’d be up before eight in the morning while Jade could relax until ten before her classes began. Without fail, she almost never heard her take a bathroom break.

She couldn’t think of a single time where she saw Riley even desperate, let alone scrambling to the toilet. The closest she’d ever come to that was loudly proclaiming how she hadn’t gone in over twelve hours, and the two had gone out for drinks that evening. Despite the length of time, she made no attempt to walk faster than a normal pace, and once was in the bathroom let out a minute-long gusher. Jade had peed three times at the bar, and would go another two times that night.

Of course, Jade loved it. She loved knowing that her roommate hadn’t taken a piss in literal hours, and loved hearing that she’d definitely gone longer in the past without a bathroom break. “How...how do you hold for so long?” she once asked in the past, at the beginning of the reveal. “How the everloving fuck do you manage to not piss yourself?”

“I’ve always been like this,” Riley admitted. “Even as a kid. My parents made sure to get me out of diapers before I was a year old, and out of pull-ups by eighteen months. I played a lot of sports as a kid and drank a lot of water, so I would be forced to hold it. I guess my body just adjusted to that.”

Either way, it was hot. But Jade couldn’t tell her roommate. She secretly had a piss fetish, specifically watching others desperately squirm as they’re mere seconds from wetting themselves and watching full bladders bulge from the waistband.

A few weeks ago, after a long day of classes and clubs, Riley came into the “office” (the pair shared a corner of their overly spacious living room blocked off with curtains to do homework and other necessary things) and the first thing Jade noticed was a significant bulge peeking out from her jeans, evident since she was wearing a crop top. Riley had noticed her staring and made a comment about taking a photo for longer admiration.

“There’s no way you haven’t gone since this morning,” she had said.

“You’re right, I haven’t gone since last night. Didn’t feel the need to. Although I could definitely use it right now.”

Jade couldn’t help herself and placed her hand on the protruding organ, feeling how warm and solid it was. A few seconds had passed before she ripped her hand away, praying to some upper deity that she didn’t put two and two together.

“That impressed that I’m full?” Riley had laughed. “Go on, touch it. I don’t mind.”

With more hesitancy the second time, Jade felt again, arousal flooding her body. She’d only ever touched someone else’s bladder a handful of times, usually out of drunken stupidity and taking advantage of the situation. With this, it was clear that her roommate had consumed an unholy amount of fluids, and probably could’ve pissed three times before entering the apartment. She wouldn’t use the bathroom until well after Jade had gone to bed, where she heard very, very relaxed footsteps, saw the light flicker on, and moments later heard another hard stream hit the water. It went on for well over two minutes that time, and as much as Jade strained to hear, there were no sighs of relief or swears leaving her mouth.

They discussed her large bladder a few times, each time Riley answering unabashedly. Every time they did, Jade took that information with her to bed that evening and used it as jerk off material, imagining her roommate bursting at the seams every single time. She was determined to witness it happen. So when the opportunity came, she jumped at it.

The pair decided on taking a trip that summer overseas, both discussing since freshman year how they wanted to travel to Europe for a few weeks. After plenty of nights of working their asses off and saving every penny they could, they finally booked a trip for the two of them. “I’m so excited for this!” Riley cried as they finished packing that evening. “Finally, a bit of a break!”

No kidding. Junior year was the beginning of the end for them, and that meant that they put many hours into projects and overall studying that could’ve been otherwise used for free time. Even Jade found herself literally forgetting to use the bathroom in lieu of stressful hours of studying, to the point that she ended up rushing to the bathroom once her body made it clear that she was seconds from involuntarily vacating her bladder all over her chair. Of course, Riley never moved.

They were supposed to leave early that morning, getting up long before sunrise to get an Uber to the airport. Then they’d enjoy breakfast in their terminal, wait around a bit longer, and then board their plane. Seems pretty straightforward, right?

Jade had a plan. She was finally going to see Riley lose control, no matter what it took. They were relaxing at their computers that evening, enjoying the last bit of peace before their vacation took hold of their lives. “Better not stop us with your many bathroom breaks,” she quipped. “We all know that you pee for literal minutes, and that could make us miss the flight!”

She was half joking. Obviously, this wasn’t going to snag Riley into anything, but a look of competition sprang into her roommate’s eyes. “Oh yeah?” she growled. “You think I can’t hold it? What about the many times I didn’t go while you went over a dozen?”

“And like I said, when you do go it’s for a long time,” Jade shot back. “We don’t need you flooding a stall and making us late.”

Riley rolled her eyes. “I bet you I can hold it.”

“I bet you can’t hold it until we get into Europe.”

There was no hesitancy when Riley agreed, and a warm buzz came over Jade. Finally!

They got up early that next morning, grabbing all of their things. One of the agreements was that Jade could go as often as she wanted, but every time she did she had to be in the stall with her. Easy enough, right?

Riley was so certain that she’d make it to Europe. They had to be up at three in the morning to get to the airport at five, because it was an international flight and they didn’t want to miss anything at all. Then they’d board their flight at eight-thirty, and make their way to Newark, New Jersey, catch the connecting flight there, and then make the trek across the Atlantic. Essentially, she wouldn’t be having a bathroom break for almost a full twenty-four hours.

But she swore up and down that she would be fine. Jade honestly believed her.

The girls went to bed excited, hardly sleeping at all. Before either knew it, their alarms were going off, signaling that it was three in the morning and they had to get moving. Jade was the first one dressed and ready, and went to Riley’s room just as she was slipping on her shoes. “Ready to head out?” she asked.

“You know it!” Riley exclaimed. “I’m so hype to get away from life, this trip will be a breath of fresh air.”

Jade noticed an almost full cup of water next to Riley’s bedside, pointing at it. “No leaving until you drink that,” she commanded.

Her roommate made a face at first, looking confused before her eyes widened with realization. Smirking, Riley took the cup and downed its contents in just a few short seconds. “Better?” she asked teasingly.

“Much. Remember, no potty break until we get into Europe! And even then, you’ll have to ask me.”

“Yes ma’am,” Riley joked. “Am I allowed to go before we leave?”

“We’re gonna use a scale, with one being as if you just went two seconds ago and ten being that you’re two seconds from wetting yourself. Where are you right now?”

She seemed to pause for a few moments in thought. “Honestly...about a two, maybe a three.”

Jade grinned, shaking her head at the other girl. “Then you can definitely hold it! Let’s go!”

The girls made their departure, hauling their luggage to Jade’s car to drive to the airport. They stopped briefly to grab coffee to help stay awake for the hour and a half stint. Both were happy getting large, and they were empty only halfway through the journey.

Before long, Jade noticed her leg jiggling, and her hands gripping the steering wheel a bit harder than usual. “Looks like I already need a potty break,” she joked. She knew it was the eagerness of watching her extremely attractive and big-bladdered roommate possibly lose control, with the addition of caffeine already entering her body long before it normally would.

Riley perked up. “Already? It’s only been an hour since we woke up!”

“I know, I know. I have a tiny bladder, I can’t help it.” She truly didn’t think she’d comfortably make it until the airport, either; she already felt like she was at an eight. Punching in the nearest gas station in the GPS, she made a short detour just minutes later.

Parking the car, Jade started to get out. “Come on,” she motioned to her roommate.

Smirking, Riley followed after. They made their way to the bathroom, with the toilet in sight increasing Jade’s desperation. Bouncing a little, she quickly ushered her roommate inside.

Right as the door closed, Jade yanked her pants and underwear down, unleashing her own gusher into the toilet. Basking in the relief from the sudden yet acute desperation, she managed to glance at Riley, who looked almost bored. Sleepy, probably.

Of course, it was too soon for it to have any effect on her. Wrapping up, they left the station and entered back onto the highway. Just a half hour later, the airport was in sight.

She had to admit, a small snag of guilt was gnawing at her. “If you want to back out of this, you can,” she almost whispered.

Riley chuckled, shaking her head. “I’m fully aware of what I got myself into. I’m perfectly fine with this, rest assured that I can hold well until we get overseas.”

That sounded almost too good to be true, and she planned on holding the poor girl to her promise.

Minutes later, they entered the lot, parked, and were waiting for the shuttle to take them to the main airport. Seeing that they were the only two around, Jade decided to ask, “Scale now?”

“Still about a two,” Riley admitted. “Definitely inching towards three.”

Jade slowly reached her hand out, waiting for a nod of approval. Once approved, she felt her lower stomach, and was almost shocked to feel a bulge. She gave Riley a look. “You sure you don’t need a bathroom break right now?”

“Positive,” the girl admitted. “Although it’s definitely over a three when you push on it like that.”

Hearing that, Jade couldn’t help herself and pushed a bit harder, trying to look for something, anything, even the smallest sign of desperation. Other than feeling her body naturally tense, nothing happened, and Jade was determined even more than ever.

The shuttle came, carted them through the parking lot, and dropped them off on the other side. The pair made the dreadful trek through getting checked in, their physical tickets, dropping off the luggage, and through the even more strict international security. All in all, roughly an hour passed before they appeared on the other side. Jade checked her watch and saw that it was a little past five in the morning, and a lot of the restaurants were beginning to open up. “Let’s go get food,” Jade proposed. Riley made no objection.

They decided on a diner-esque establishment, taking their seats in a booth. They both ordered coffee and water, and also decided on pancakes. Jade watched observantly, taking note of the liquids Riley had consumed thus far: two cups of water now, a large iced coffee, and then finishing this coffee. She already felt another urge to pee, and her roommate looked fine as ever.

They wrapped up their breakfast, with Jade having a second refill on her water, and Riley had four. She decided to take another bathroom break, pulling her roommate in with her. “Think you’ll be okay this time?”

“I’m completely fine!” Riley grinned.

Jade peed, and felt the other’s bladder yet again. It felt firmer than before, and she knew that if that bladder was hers she would’ve burst by that point. “Scale?”

“When you’re touching it, cusping on a five. But normally a four.”

Getting higher!

They left the bathroom and took their place in their terminal, with an hour left before boarding started. Browsing their phones, Jade finally noticed the first signs: Riley had her legs crossed every so often, and her legs began bouncing. To anyone, it looked like restlessness, especially with the early morning they had. But she knew exactly what was going on.

Over the course of the hour, Riley’s legs went from moving every so often to her having one permanently over the other. She looked completely calm still and showed no desire of tapping out anytime soon. “Would you normally go by now?” Jade asked.

“Usually, yes. I’m at a five definitely, and if I had a test within the next twenty minutes or was heading to work I would go right now to avoid any issues.”

Riley was at the point where Jade would listen to those minute-long streams, with no sigh of relief behind it. How long would it be when it burst out of her? God, she could hardly wait and she had literal hours ahead of her still.

Finally, time to board!

She made Riley promise her that she wouldn’t tap out on the flight, and that when she did, it would be on European soil. Her roommate promised, but for the first time, she looked...uncertain. It was barely there, but Jade noticed the hint of hesitancy in her eyes.

Was...was she beginning to crack? Was this the beginning of the end for her? Nonetheless, a promise is a promise.

Ater the usual people boarded first, the girls boarded about twenty minutes later. Grabbing their personal bags, they made their way through the massive line, with Jade keeping her eyes on Riley. The taller girl was definitely fidgeting, and was distracting herself with her phone. She shifted her weight from foot to foot, and repositioned herself every minute or so. Again, it very much looked like she was restless as over half of the line was doing the same thing.

It was almost eight when the pair took their seats, and Riley gasped. Jade gave her a funny look. “You okay?”

Riley laughed, easing into her chair a bit more. “I guess I filled up a bit more between the terminal and now, and when I plopped down into my chair it kinda hit me. I’m at a six.”

Hearing that made Jade’s heart soar. Riley had her legs pressed together, put her headphones in, and promptly fell asleep within five minutes, right after the rest of the passengers came onto the plane. Shortly after, the flight attendants did their usual spiel, the aircraft prepared to takeoff, and shortly after they were rapidly climbing higher and higher in the air.

Their flight was supposed to land in Newark in three hours. Then they would have a two hour layover, and then another seven hour flight into Europe, specifically New Amsterdam. As excited as she was, Jade had to admit to herself that the idea of Riley breaking her promise was making her burst, ha, with joy.

-Time Skip-

The entire flight Riley slept peacefully, shifting around here and there. Towards the end though, she had once again crossed her legs, and her facial expressions seemed more tense. Jade thought to wake her before the bumpy landing...but where would the fun in that be?

Like usual, the plane landed with a bit of a bounce, and Riley woke up with a start. Instantly, her face twisted into a grimace, and her hands flew into her lap. Jade had to hide her own look of elation, struggling to not beam happily.

Riley stayed like that for a few moments, poised stiffly on the edge of her seat while holding herself. Her eyes read sheer panic, darting around the room. After some time, she sighed heavily and carefully removed her hands, relaxing. Her legs stayed crossed however. “Definitely almost wet myself there,” she admitted. “I thought I’d be awake before the landing, given all the coffee I had earlier. The bump literally shook me, and I was not expecting to be this full already.”

Jade placed a hand over her bladder, and had to suppress a groan. Sure enough, Riley was a lot fuller than earlier, and it felt almost twice as big. “You really think you can make it to Europe like this?”

Like earlier, there was a pause. Instead of fleeting, several seconds passed before she opened her mouth again. “Positive. I’ve held it a lot longer than this in the past.”

“Good, because I’m definitely plying you with drinks before we board the next flight.”

When it was their turn to leave, the pair grabbed their bags and made the trek into the second airport, heading to their connected flight’s terminal. Riley was walking a lot stiffer than before, and whenever they were still she was exceptionally bouncy, her hands balling into fists at her sides.

There was a bathroom nearby, with a line. Jade decided to join it, and dragged Riley along. At first she was fine, maintaining a conversation. But as they got inside and the sounds of flushing toilets and running water hit her, she rapidly grew quiet. She protectively held her bladder, easing her hands lower ever so often. “Make sure you ask for that as well,” Jade whispered.

Riley’s eyes widened before she nodded, once again putting them at her side. “Can I go?”

“Is it a want, or a need?”

“...Want.”

Jade’s silence was her answer. Riley continued bouncing around, twisting her legs together as much as she could. Because of the tiny stall they had to squeeze in together, and the moment they were out of visible sight to the public the taller girl started to hold herself again. “You need to ask,” Jade reminded.

“P-please?” Riley rasped. “I was fine until I got in here and saw the toilet, I really, really need-”

“Want,” Jade corrected. “But yes, you can.”

She lowered her pants and sat down, releasing alongside the dozens of other girls in the bathroom. Many streams, from trickling to full on gushing, were audible. Riley was squirming all over the place, holding onto the walls of the stall to keep herself upright. “Please hurry the fuck up,” she pleaded. “I’m about seconds from pissing myself, these noises and just watching you is quickly wearing me down.”

Riley was too distracted to notice just how soaked Jade was from arousal. She felt that just two swipes at her clit, and she’d cum.

Jade took her time, finally signaling to her roommate that they were leaving. Riley attempted to just run out of the bathroom, but Jade grabbed her shoulder. “Now, you know you can leave like that,” she scolded. “We’re still in public, you have to compose yourself.”

Trembling, Riley slowly removed her hands from her crotch, straightened herself out, and swiftly left the stall with Jade right behind her. The girls walked briskly in the direction of their next destination, and it took for the smaller girl to stop her roommate for her to snap out of her trace. “Again, are you okay?”

She nodded. “Sorry, I just needed to get as far away as quickly as possible. The sounds, I really thought I was gonna lose it.”

“Don’t forget, we agreed you can go in Europe. We’re still in America, and won’t be overseas for another nine-ish hours.”

“Don’t remind me,” Riley groaned. “I can make it.”

She seemed to be telling herself that, rather than to Jade. Nonetheless, the girls went to a burger joint, deciding to grab lunch right by the terminal. Both ordered water with their meal, and this time Riley visibly struggled with even holding the chilled cup. Her hand shook slightly, and rather than gulp it down, she sipped at it instead. “All of it,” Jade pressed.

Another four glasses of water later, Riley couldn’t keep still at all. Her hands kept busy, bunching together fistfuls of her shirt or fiddling with whatever she could get fingers on. She kept glancing over at a nearby bathroom, biting her lip.

The girls paid and took their places in the terminal, sitting away from the few people that were already there. Like before, Riley gasped once she sat down, feeling her bladder shift considerably. Jade decided to feel again, and felt around. Sure enough, the poor girl was nursing a very visible distended bulge: she was already skinny to begin with, and even sitting it was obvious how stretched it was.

“Don’t press down,” Riley hissed through clenched teeth. “I’m almost at an eight and I’m really feeling it right now.”

Despite the warning, Jade pushed inwards, and Riley bit back a scream. Her hands started to go to her crotch, but stopped halfway when she remembered the agreement. Instead, she opted to grip the armrests, clamping her legs together as tight as physically possible. “N-nine,” she stammered.

Jade desperately wanted to hear her mutter the highest number and pushed even harder. A soft squeal came from Riley as her hands traveled to her thighs, her eyes pleading for permission. The smaller girl nodded, and Riley held herself tightly, her body curling into a ball.

“F-fuck, I’m gonna-I can’t...P-please…” she begged.

Feeling just a tad merciful, Jade removed her hand. The second she did Riley broke out into the most animated potty dance that she’d ever seen, consisting of contorted limbs wrapping around each other and vigorous amounts of squirming. Small moans of pain came from her, and she looked to be in tears.

Jade was honestly concerned that she’d wet herself right there at the airport.

Finally, after what seemed like forever, Riley relaxed again. Her hands were on the armrests again, and she wasn’t quite as tense as before. “Okay, I lied earlier when I said I almost pissed myself then,” she laughed. “That was a close one. It was right there and it felt like I was almost physically pressing it back inside of me.”

They still had an hour to spare before boarding began, so Jade brought the both of them large bottles of water for the flight, and a couple of snacks as well to tide them over. By the time it began, Jade had taken a second bathroom break (this time it was without Riley to save time), and had refilled Riley’s bottle fully. After calculating, her roommate had over a gallon of fluids in her system. And she still couldn’t pee for over eight hours.

They got in line to board, and Riley couldn’t keep still at all. She squirmed in place, trying in vain to not be too obvious. Her hands fidgeted at her sides, from gripping her shirt, to her flinging them around, to grabbing her phone, to fiddling with her bag. Her legs were always together when not in motion, and she looked terrified.

Eventually, they made their way into the plane and took their seats again, this time for their seven hour flight. “No getting up to use the bathroom,” Jade reminded. “I want you to hold it UNTIL we get to Europe. You can do that, right?”

Riley looked scared. Petrified, even. After a while, she finally nodded. “I’m allowed to sleep, right?”

“Of course.”

-Time Skip-

How the hell Riley managed to sleep through the majority of the ride, Jade would never know. However, there were multiple instances where she woke up in a cold sweat desperately fidgeting, and the last handful of times she asked to use her hands again. The last time she fell asleep, her hands were glued to her crotch.

This time, Riley was awake for the landing. She was practically bouncing out of her seat, fanning her legs in and out. When people were getting up to leave, they had to remain seated until their row was called, which was in the middle. “You can hold it,” Jade said. “How full are you now?”

“N-nine,” Riley panted. “Oh my g-god, I’m bursting.”

Jade felt again, and the slightest touch sent the taller girl into a frenzy. She attempted to pull away from the touch, but Jade was relentless. She didn’t push like earlier though, genuinely afraid she’d have an accident. As hot as it would be, they still had to navigate the airport, catch a taxi to their hotel, check in, and then find the room.

They got inside the terminal after quite some time waiting, and started making their way to their luggage pickup. They passed a bathroom, and Jade stopped. “I need to pee,” she said casually.

Riley was openly holding herself at that point. “Can I?” she asked meekly.

Jade only shook her head, grabbing her hand and pulling her inside. They went to the bigger stall, and once inside Riley even unbuttoned her jeans to give her bladder room to grow. “I need it,” she groaned. “Please!”

“Need, or want?”

“Need…” She lowered her head. “Want, damn it.”

Jade chuckled and quickly went, and Riley couldn’t control herself anymore, literally hopping in place. “No hands,” Jade ordered.

Riley whined and ripped them away, waving them around frantically. She danced around and tried her hardest to look elsewhere from where Jade was sitting. Then, out of nowhere, she opened the stall and left.

Huh? Jade wrapped things up and rushed out, washing her hands and catching up to Riley. She found the taller girl in the main terminal, a dozen feet from the bathroom’s entrance. “I could not handle that, I’m sorry,” she wheezed. “I could feel it again, and I would’ve wet myself if I stayed in there listening to you.”

They made their way to the luggage pickup, on the other side of the airport. There, they would take their taxi. It was almost four in the morning in the city they were in, and they still had to get to the hotel.

It took another twenty minutes for their luggage to come off the plane, and they found a taxi quickly after. They climbed in the backseat, and took the ten-minute trip to the hotel. Jade took the opportunity to get another feel in, promising to not put any pressure. It truly felt like a bowling ball was nesting in her lower belly, warm and tight.

“I’m pretty tired,” Jade yawned as they reached their destination. “What do you say? Let’s turn in for the night.”

Riley bounced where she stood, eyeing the nearby bathrooms again. Words seemed to evade her for a moment. “I...I-I can’t…”

They got their room keys and found their shared room, having only a single bed since they would only stay there for two nights before moving elsewhere. “H-hands, please,” Riley rasped.

“Hands? What about them?”

“Can I…” Riley gasped, straightening out while trembling. “Please, let me use them!”

“I don’t think you need to,” Jade snickered. “What happened to having such an iron bladder?”

“That was before I hadn't gone in over eighteen hours, and had so much to drink!”

“Which reminds me.” Jade motioned to the mostly full bottle peeking out of her bag. “Finish it. Then I’ll consider.”

Riley moaned, yanking the bottle from her bag. She twisted the cap off, threw it to the side, and inhaled the liquid inside. Her free hand kept wandering to her crotch, even squeezing there for a brief moment before staying at her side. “There, happy? Can I go now?”

“Go to sleep, yes,” Jade said. “Come on. I know we’re both tired. You hardly slept on the second flight.”

After a mental debate, Riley joined her in bed, shedding layers of clothing until both were down to just their shirts and underwear. “Ask me again when we’re awake,” Jade said.

She had her back turned and heard Riley swearing to herself, twisting into a pretzel. The bed vibrated as she kept shifting, whispering nonsense into the darkness: “It’s so fucking full,”

“I don’t think I can wait until morning,” and “I’m not gonna make it I’m not gonna make it I’m not-”

Jade managed to fall asleep, and later woke up by hearing Riley pacing around the room. She looked at her roommate, who clearly was at her wits’ end. “Please!” she almost whispered. “I can’t hold it, I’m about to lose it!”

“How bad is it now?”

“A fucking ten,” Riley gasped. “I’ve been at a ten since we got to the fucking hotel!”

Finally! It was music to Jade’s ears, and she took great delight in seeing just how full Riley was. Her bladder stretched her panties where they almost looked too small on her, and she looked almost pregnant. “Please,” she begged.

“Follow me into the bathroom,” Jade said. Whining, Riley complied.

The two girls entered, and Riley held herself, not even attempting to ask. “I have to,” was her response. “I’m literally about to piss myself.”

Jade sat on the toilet, basking in her roommate’s desperation. She’d never seen Riley beg, squirm, or even have her bulge be that huge. And she’s sure she’d never held for this long either. “You need this that badly?”

“Yes,” Riley gasped.

“Too bad. We’re going out. Leave so I can use the bathroom, and you don’t wet yourself.”

Riley did so without complaining, clearly not happy with the decision. Jade made sure to be obnoxious with her bathroom break, sighing happily and forcing her stream out just a bit faster. Then the girls got dressed, and decided to get breakfast somewhere nearby.

Walking down the street in the slightly brisk air did no favors for Riley, who was hunched over as she walked. She held herself firmly, and was barely keeping up with Jade.

“We’re almost there,” Jade cooed. “I’m sure you’d want another coffee, right? And some more water at that.”

Riley couldn’t even speak, grunting as a form of answer. She was sweating vigorously, and mere feet away from the location they chose, she froze in place. “Riley?”

“I-I c-c-can’t...I-I need…”

“Want, or need?”

Riley opened her mouth, and then a look of sheer horror spread quickly on her face. Looking around, she darted between two parked cars and ripped her pants and underwear down, not a moment too soon either.

The second she cleared any fabric between her legs, a thick rope of piss left her body, slapping noisily against the pavement. She sighed in relief, tossing her head back as she moaned, almost wanton.

It was like a jet, coming out of her with such force that it splashed up and over the curb she was pissing against. A puddle was quickly forming underneath her.

“Wow, you really had to go, didn’t you?” Jade chuckled. Mentally, she was adding this to her memory for...later use.

“I was about to say ‘want’ when you asked me, but the moment I started to it very, very quickly turned into a dire need,” Riley explained in between gasps of pleasure. “I had two options: either piss myself right where I stood, or this.”

A minute passed, and her stream was still going strong. “Funny thing is, I still feel desperate,” Riley said. “My legs are shaking because I still feel achingly full.”

Two minutes passed, and then three. By the four minute mark, her stream was finally dying down into “normal”. The puddle she stood in was well over ten feet in diameter, and was still rapidly spreading. Finally, after six minutes of peeing, it finally trickled and tapered off.

“Oh my fucking god,” Riley laughed as she composed herself. “That felt better than an orgasm. Honestly.”

“I’m impressed,” Jade spoke. “I thought you would’ve burst long before we got on the second plane.”

“I had a few close calls, but what really got me was when we first got to the hotel. Having a bathroom right there literally all night as I squirmed and forced myself to sleep was absolute torture.”

“I’m sure it was,” Jade chuckled. “So...Wanna see if you can hold it for two days now?”

%Riley`s Desperation.pdf

*006*2021-06-05 16:21

Hey all! I'm glad y'all enjoyed it!

The guy that I wrote this for loved it so much that he commissioned for another! So expect one real soon!

