Weak bladder and true love

Author: Kate95

*000*2025-07-01 19:30

Marina is 28. A beautiful blonde who has been attracting guys for years. But her personal life does not add up. As soon as young people learn about the peculiarity of the girl, the relationship, unfortunately, immediately ends ...

And this peculiarity - neither much nor little, just - weak and overactive bladder, plus sometimes urgent incontinence.

Marina has been dumped by a few guys after her embarrassments. One guy yelled her, another calmly explained that she was not his match, the third began to look for some reason to break up, and finally, after two weeks, found some trifle to which you can pick on.

It was all in youth. Then Marina started wearing urological pads. Confusions were no longer, and inconvenience, of course, there is, but not critical. You can adapt. But only when new potential boyfriends learned about the pads, then their desire to win the attention of Marina immediately somewhere vanished ....

So, here is already 28, all her friends, classmates are already dating, many married, some have had a child, even two ... But Marina is alone. She at some point even accepted her fate, decided that she was to blame, not men. But she dreamed of finding the one who would accept her and her bladder with pads.

On that May day Marina decided to go to the shopping mall, treat herself to some new clothes. She wore a light blue dress, sandals, and in her panties, of course, a panty liner. After shopping in the mall, drinking coffee, the girl went to the bathroom.The urge was palpable, but not critical. All the stalls in the restroom were occupied. Her pussy reminded her more strongly that she wanted to open, but Marina squeezed her lips, replying that now was not the time.

At that moment a girl of about 12 years old ran into the toilet. She was wearing peach short shorts and a blue T-shirt with a drawing.

- Oh, it's all taken. I can't, I'm peeing... - moaned the girl and grabbed her crotch with her hand.

Marina immediately realized everything: "Probably, she also has OAB". Why Marina did not think that the child was just playing and forgot about the toilet, and remembered when it was very necessary - it is unknown. But she was not mistaken. By some gut feeling, the girl suffering from OAB immediately identified her own kind.

- You can pass in front of me, everything will be fine! - Marina said affectionately, trying to calm the girl.

- Oh," the girl moaned. - I'm already not quite well...

She removed her hand from her crotch, but Marina did not see the moisture on her shorts.

- Panties wipe paper, no one will know! - Marina encouraged the girl.

At that moment, the stall was freed. The girl with small steps, again clamping her pussy, went inside. Marina closed the door to help.

Then the next stall was freed. Marina herself entered, closed, and only began to lift the dress, as it flowed into her pad.

And here she is already hovering over the toilet, pouring most of the urine there. The pad again helped to win the last 5 seconds, which the pee no longer held....

Marina heard crying in right the stall. There was nothing to understand:

- You didn't make it, but that's okay.... I'll help you! - said Marina, continuing to pee into the toilet.

- Thank you, I have just a little bit, but it visible! - sighed the girl.

- Be there, I will now come to you ...

Marina's stream ran out. She quickly tore off the paper and blotted her folds. She decided not to change the pad yet, there was no time.

She put on her panties and went to the next stall:

- "So you have almost nothing here, and you can't see it unless you look closely! -

Marina began to dry the girl's panties with paper.

- Thank you...

- And now shorts yourself wet. Three times and that's it, I'm here.

While the girl tidied up, Marina decided to tell about herself:

- It happens to many people. You have an overactive bladder, right?! You won't believe it, but I do too. That's why I understood you perfectly right away.

- Wow, is that possible?! But anyway, thank you. And I sympathize with you...

They went out of the stall, washed their hands.

Marina wanted to walk the girl, and then come back and quietly change the pad.

But when they came out, near the toilet they saw a man, about 35 years old.

- You're all right, I've already started to worry! - he said to the girl.

- Yes, Daddy! I'm a little... The girl leaned into her father's ear and finished the sentence: "...didn't have time." But this woman helped me! - pointed to Marina.

- Thank you! - said the man. And looked into Marina's eyes as no one had ever looked at her before.

- By the way, she has OAB too! - said the girl.

Marina was ready to fall through the ground.

- So, can we not talk about it now! - Dad turned to his daughter to reprimand her.

Marina also liked the man at first sight. And by the way, the girl immediately said that Marina has OAB.....

- Excuse me. - the man added. - You are a good person, and everything will be fine..... By the way, what's your name?

"Wow, he cares, after he found out about my OAB...", the girl marveled.

- Marina...

- And I'm Arina! - announced the girl happily. - How consonant the names are!

- I'm Andrew! - said the man. - Can we talk? Marina, I have questions, I'm sorry, can you advise about the daughter? Arina, you can take a walk for now.....

And Andrew said that he is alone with his daughter Arina, his wife went abroad, she doesn't care. The girl can't go to the toilet, the doctors throw up their hands, what to do?! Marina told about urological pads.

- Are you married?!

- No.

- I love you!

Move in with me, I have a three-room apartment, we'll live together! You'll be like a mom to Arina! She really misses it. And I miss it too...

The three of them went home. When they entered the apartment, Arina immediately ran to the bathroom. Marina sighed, she wanted to go too. That and change the pad from the previous time it is necessary ...

- Maybe some tea?

- I have to pee. I'm going to pee.

- My daughter is in the toilet, and I'll take you to the bathroom!

Andrew went there with Marina.

She just had time to pull down her panties as the jet flowed....

The man looked at her, her pussy with the stream, and at the yellow wet pad....

He touched her clitoris, and Marina immediately had the most vivid orgasm of her life.

They became a happy family. And with the pads, Arina became much more confident.

