Upcoming fiction series ”PISSTOPIA”

Author: KingofVenus

*000*2025-10-13 18:17

Hello, everybody! I am currently working on an episodic fiction series called “PISSTOPIA, One woman’s struggle against the tyranny of the urge.” Let me know if y’all are interested in the premise.

…

/rj pisstopia (piss dystopia), coined by the journalist Piers Morgan to describe the United Kingdom after the implementation of the Health Monitoring Lavatories (Use and Access) Act of 2029. On 23 September of that year, the British Parliament under Prime Minister Angela Reeves approved the roll out of new biometric toilets nationwide, mandating linkage of their use and access to the BritCard (UK's digital ID). The Act was widely criticized as a social credit system and a flagrant violation of human rights, which arbitrarily denied citizens access to public facilities for expressing certain political opinions or statements on social media deemed “extremist” by the government, such as “promoting anti-immigration sentiment or far-right ideology”, effectively punishing those citizens through denial of access to public toilets.

Marcella Rhodes would experience the tyranny of the urge firsthand when she posted an “inflammatory message” on X (formally Twitter), calling for an end to “mass migration in the UK.”

On July 29, 2031, Rhodes would be indefinitely denied access to all public facilities in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

*006*2025-10-14 15:31

{{4 hours ago, kwamem said:

Hi, @KingofVenus.

To me, too much emphasis on politics or ideology will make a omo-story less interesting. It's much better if you find new omo-situations generated by those strict rules; situations we might not have read about before.

Incidentally, I'm also working on a dystopia with a similar premise, but in my case, it won't have any analogies to reality, but will instead explore purely philosophical themes. We'll see whose story turns out better.

}}

My story won’t focus too much on ideology or politics, as those topics merely set the stage for the very unrealistic premise of the British government implementing biometric toilets. The story will focus on omorashi themes and situations, real life politics exists purely in the background. Though the story is a very exaggerated and subdued critique of the UK’s digital ID scheme, it is an omorashi story first and foremost. Everything I write is grounded in a sort of “exaggerated realism”, it’s a stylistic choice really.

Can’t wait to read your story!

*007*2025-10-14 15:41

{{7 hours ago, nappypants said:

These things are overplayed, any policy that someone disagrees with is “fascism” these days.

Sounds like an interesting scenario for a story to me - though best if done with fictional parties and politicians as opposed to real ones or not-too-subtly renamed real ones!

}}

Yes, you are spot on with how overused “fascism” is in modern day discourse!

I definitely agree with using fictional politicians. The female Prime Minister, for example, is 100% fictional and not based off anyone. And not to spoil anything, but she has certain ulterior motives for the implementation of the biometric toilet system that doesn’t relate to politics. The only real public figure mentioned in the story is Piers Morgan, who gives exposition via a television broadcast at the beginning of the story. Also, the British political party which implements the “Health Monitoring Lavatories (Use and Access) Act 2029” is real but will only be mentioned like one time, so it doesn’t really matter.

And like I stated in another comment, the story is an omorashi story first and foremost, but is grounded in reality with political undertones.

