Lilia and her incontinence

Author: Kate95

*000*2025-02-09 21:14

Lily suffered from some degree of incontinence. More precisely, her two problems were “first drop in her underpants”, and “last drop in her underpants”. In the first case, there could be a trickle. And the last drop would also happen more than once, and some time after the toilet.

Lilya arrived at her office in the morning. Traffic. And she's 10 minutes late for work.

She really has to pee. Usually the girl's interval is one and a half to two hours. But it's shorter in the mornings. (Although in the evenings too, when the body is already tired).

- Lil, hi! Traffic again? - asked her colleague and closest friend at work, Yulia.

- Yes... And I want to go to the toilet terribly...

Lilya threw things in the office and rushed to the toilet.

"I wish I could make it in time.... Already not muscles, not even lips, and I don't know what I'm holding..."

Running into the toilet, the girl immediately felt that the process begins ... Without locking the door (although it was a single-occupancy toilet, it was used by both women and men, and at any moment someone could come in), Lilia turned her back to the toilet, simultaneously pulling up her skirt. If three seconds ago it was something between a drop and a trickle, to put it simply a few drops together, now it was definitely a trickle.... Into her panties... Lilya quickly pulled them down together with her pantyhose, and here she is already pouring into the toilet....

When she heard footsteps outside the door, she stopped the urine (it was possible only because the process was coming to the end), took a step forward and locked the door.

Leaning over the toilet again, she poured out the rest.

She wiped herself with the paper, drying her panties. Even though they were still wet, she pulled them up with the tights. But before she did that, she unwound a meter of paper, folded it in several layers, and put it in her panties. Lilya didn't wear pads, especially not urological ones. Expensive. For every day.

- Everything okay? - Yulia asked already in the office.

"You should see what I have in my underpants!...", thought Lilya.

She bent down to turn on the computer. And at that moment more drops came out.... The paper immediately got wet.

"I'd go to change it... But I was just there..."

After forty minutes, Lilya wanted it again. When she goes to the bathroom at the end of her tether:

*will definitely miss a little,

*will miss after a few minutes (such a peculiarity of the body),

*and will definitely want again quite quickly.

