Violet Parr's desperate day at school

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-06-18 23:21

Fanfic about Violet Parr from Incredibles. I just really like writting fanfics about girls from cartoons/animated movies.

Violet just woke up. It was monday. She has put on white, small strings, tight black leggings, striped black, dark violet shirt and no bra. She went to bathroom to wash her face and brush teeth. While she was brushing her teeth, Violet realised how desperated she was. She was now brushing her teeth with only one hand. Second hand Violet has put inside her panties, holding her crotch. In home She always liked being desperated and always held it to the last moment. It was making her excited. While she had her hand in her panties, she wasn't only holding her crotch. She was also fingering herself. After brushing her teeth, she quickly sat on toilet. While putting off her panties she noticed small wet spot. She didn't knew if it was from masturbating or if she leaked a bit. She started peeing and moaned from feeling of relief. After she finished, Violet heard that someone was knocking on bathroom doors.

"Violet, breakfast is ready. If you not come quick, you'll have no time to eat it!" Said voice, which belonged to Violet's mother - Helen.

"Okay, I'll be there in a minute!" Said Violet, washing her hands. After eating breakfast, 2 eggs, toast and glass of strawberry juice, school bus arrived. Violet quickly said bye to her mother and Jack Jack. Her dad was already at work, and Dash was in school. Violet had 8 lessons today. 2 minutes after she got to school, bell rang. Her first lesson was math. She was very good at it. Lesson went on pretty quickly, they were learning about capacity of geometric solids, like pools or glasses. When bell rang, she was held by teacher to discuss about how good she has done her homework. She was held for whole break. After Math it was English lesson, and they had trial exam. During lesson Violet drank 1 bottle of water to keep her mind fresh. After trial exam it was breakfast break. Violet got few bread slices with butter, sausages and 2 glasses of lemonade which she really liked.

After eating, Violet went on to her next lesson, which was music. During that lesson Violet started feeling urge to pee. It wasn't too big for her, and she knew that she can hold it. Violet was also shy, so she wouldn't want to ask teacher to excuse her for toilet in front of whole class. After music lesson was PE. Violet wanted to use the toilet before it, but teacher kept her for 4 minutes, which was meaning that she had only 6 minutes to change her clothes. She quickly went to changing room.

Violet was always placing her backpack in corner and turned herself invisible because she was often not wearing bra. She also did it this time. She had put off her all clothes except panties and put on her tight black shorts, tight dark pink shirt. For the whole lesson they were playing volleyball. Violet was sometimes crossing legs because her urge grew. After lesson finished and Violet put on her normal clothes she went to the restroom. There was big line. Only 1 stal worked. It was the only girls toilet in school. While waiting in line, Violet had crossed legs.

Because she was near toilet now she allowed herself to drink one bottle of water. Few minutes later there were 2 people in front of her, but the bell rang. Violet had the best frequency, and didn't want to lose it so she went to her next lesson, which was art. They were painting waterfall. "It will be me if I don't go to the toilet next lesson" thought Violet and began to paint. She was fidgeting in her seat, switching legs, crossing them just to hold it. The bonus water bottle which she drank in line made her even more desperate than before.

At the end of lesson, she quickly went to the restroom. To not make her urge obvious, Violet decided to create force field sphere in her panties to imitate holding her crotch so she could stand still. Contrecating on force field made her even more desperate. When she reached restroom there was again big line. Violet was trying to stand still, but she barely could. She had to cross her legs. Her next lesson was geography. They were going to do exam. Violet hoped that the line will quickly move on.

She considered turning invisible and use sink but she didn't really want to do that. Finally after few minutes Violet was first in the line, but then bell rang. She decided that she can hold it one hour more and went to the class. While Violet was answering questions on exam she was holding her crotch with left hand. Somehow she managed to hold it and write exam for A. Violet went out of classroom as quickly as she could reaching bathroom. There were 5 girls in front of her in line. She leaked. And again after a while. She tried to create a force field, but it made it even worse. Her whole crotch was now wet.

When Violey was second in the line, she has began to lose control. She felt hot streams going down her legs. She felt more and more wetness. After Violet let out all of her bladder she couldn't believe it. She was very emberassed. She ran to the changing room, put off all of her clothes and put on her hero suit. She used it to turn invisible and get back to home. She sneaked into her room. Violet thought that her mother haven't noticed her coming, but she had. In fact Helen knew what happened from teacher's sms and didn't want to interrupt Violet. The thing she haven't know was that Violet enjoyed wetting herself but only a bit. If it was place without people who know her, and had clotches for change, she would fully enjoy it.

*004*2019-06-19 19:58

{{4 hours ago, Batman007 said:

Great story would like it if you do a story with Violet wetting herself in her super suit

}}

I'll surely do it soon. I was planning to write fanfic about Violet wetting her super suit soon.

