I Think my Boss Needs to Pee: Rewetting - Page 3

Author: knockonthedoor

*054*2024-06-29 14:05

Chapter 1 Thoughts:

Overall I liked the rewrite, looking back at the original, I think its rather obvious that I didn’t have much of a plan until chapter 3. And while the opening scene is still the best part of both works, I think this accomplished its first goal which was to extend and give a little more realism to May-Ann’s discovery.

My least favorite scene has to be “I think Karenna needs to pee” I feel like this idea had much more potential than how it was excecuted. If I could go back I’d like to add more to Karenna’s desperation and the ending. As some commenters correctly pointed out, what I had intended to come across as Mary-Ann’s decisiveness actually came accross as an overreach and the fact that she pulled down Karenna’s pants should have been treated as more of an objectionable action than it was. I don’t hate the idea of Karenna being so desperate that she had to pee in a trash can in front of Mary-Ann, it just wasn’t handled right. On rereading it, her desperation was too quick as well.

My favorite new scene is probably 1.7. I’m not sure if its recency bias or because I’ve never actually written anything like that before but I think darting between dream and reality really worked for a great bedwetting scene. A question I’ll throw out there, that I don’t have an answer to, is would people like for Mary-Ann to enjoy ruining her bed? Like if there was a scene in which she could only use her bed for a toilet, would that be an interesting read?

I’ll also ask the same question of you all, which was your least favorite, and which was your most favorite of the new chapter? Are there any missed opportunities or underutilized characters that you see?

*058*2024-07-01 14:51

{{On 6/29/2024 at 11:37 PM, KryptonianGod said:

Would love to see Mary Ann in a pull-up

}}

Not really my thing per se nor do I know if I can pull it off well. It won’t be in the main story at all but maybe I can do a spin off chapter or two for the community that enjoys that sort of thing later.

Would love to know your favorite and least favorite chapters as well!

{{8 hours ago, JimSpurs666 said:

To be honest I like both stories. I think what makes this story unique is the exploration and discovery of the kinks, which is quite rare. I think I’d love for more purposeful stuff for the next chapter. More intentional desperation and/or wetting. Really lean into the acceptance of this for both

}}

Great minds think alike! Chapter 2 will definitely go into this side of things now that Mary-Ann has more or less accepted the fact that she’s into it. She’ll need to test her limits and find out what she likes and doesn’t, and explore the things that she does like more.

Do you prefer the wetting scenes or the peeing scenes more?

{{On 6/29/2024 at 12:38 PM, orangelion said:

I'd enjoy reading a scene like that. Though I think it should probably be a smaller scene within a chapter and not the main scene given that she already wet the bed in the last scene.

}}

I’m thinking of a chapter in which something like this could fit, maybe it’s not just her bed that she enjoys peeing on…

{{On 6/29/2024 at 12:38 PM, orangelion said:

My favorite new chapter is chapter 1.4. Even though the ending can be considered kind of boring since she makes it to the toilet, the whole desperation scene during the meeting makes it really entertaining. We also get to see Sarah desperate in the beginning which we hadn't scene before in either version of the story.

My least favorite chapter is chapter 1.1. One reason is that it is a wetting, which I'm not a huge fan of. The second reason is that it is very similar to the original chapter so there isn't much new content. Though it is written better.

}}

I really like that one too! Especially the flashing at the end from Mary-Ann. I will add as well that Sarah being really desperate to pee will show up again in chapter 2, but this time she might not have access to a proper toilet. I feel like she’s as successful, if not moreso than Mary-Ann, so desperation for her should be a little more common than it was in the first go around.

I appreciate 1.1 being written better this time around but I agree, it’s very similar. But at the same time, I didn’t want to change the story up all that much which is why I kept it pretty similar

*060*2024-07-03 01:47

{{1 hour ago, JimSpurs666 said:

Good to hear. I think I prefer the wetting but still enjoy peeing if it’s ‘naughty’ or deliberately desperate. If anything I might even like more peeing and wetting that isn’t desperate

}}

So you'd like more chapters like 1.6, where Mary-Ann and Karenna had their meeting, but then decided to pee before they left, and just had a casual conversation while going? I enjoyed writing it for sure.

Would others enjoy a few more like that, but maybe with different characters?

*061*2024-07-05 02:01

A/N: The first interlude is here! I particularly like the desperation in this one, if I do say so myself. If that's your thing, I doubt you'll be disappointed. As always, feedback is not only encouraged but appreciated!

Vanessa's Morning Run

The sun radiated through the windows and filtered out around the room. The golden light paired with the birds chirping and the cool, early summer air, was intoxicating. It provided the perfect conditions for an even smile on Vanessa’s face. Having slept naked, her olive skin was the only organ shielding her more private areas. Her exposed tattoos that ran along her athletic thighs, provided enough of a contrast with their dark ink to stand out against her body. As she walked to the kitchen, Vanessa’s thicker labia proudly hid her genitals. Like the rest of her skin, her womanly lips were dark, standing out, even among her black, trimmed hairs.

By any measure, seeing such a beautiful woman in this state would have driven many men mad but Vanessa wasn’t all too concerned. She was comfortable this way, and that’s what mattered to her. Not an impure thought was in her head as she turned on the kitchen stove.

Filling her tea kettle with tap water, Vanessa felt a slight twinge in her bladder. It too had woken up and needed a little relief. Ignoring it for only a moment, Vanessa put the filled tea kettle on the stove and maneuvered her way to the cabinets on the other side of the decently-sized kitchen. She grabbed an empty mug and a tea bag from the box beside it, prepping for the call of the kettle. Exhaling and debating on taking her morning pee now, Vanessa rubbed her thighs quickly and tapped her nude butt in vexation. Figuring she’d have enough time, she began to walk back towards her bedroom. As she reached her room, she could faintly hear her cell phone ringing.

Taking precedent over her slightly filled bladder, Vanessa walked over to her nightstand and grabbed her still charging phone. It was her sister. For a call this early, it had to be important. Curious, Vanessa took the call

”Hey you, everything ok?”

”No!” Her sister sounded hysterical

”What? What’s the matter?”

”It’s dad.”

Vanessa’s heart dropped, enough that she could feel a pit in her stomach. Fear. Before she could say another word, her sister started to ramble

”I-I was just coming out of the shower a-and I heard the front door closing so I grabbed a towel and ran towards the door but I can’t find him. I know he’s wondered off, I can’t find him, I-I don’t know what to do or how to fix it I-“

Vanessa jumped in

”Terra, it’s going to be ok, did he take the car?”

”No…” Her sister swallowed, stifling hysterical tears “No, the car’s still here.”

”Then he couldn’t have gotten far, could he?”

”No, I guess not.”

The fear had caused her bladder to retract its request for relief. The issue at hand was much more serious.

”Should I call the police?” Terra asked

”Yeah, yeah I guess it’d be a good idea so they can at least look for him. Did you see him today? Did he mention anything?”

”Something about taking his cut from Joel and getting out of the business. So…so I guess he went towards the office. Or maybe to Joel’s house?”

”Your guess is as good as mine. Maybe he’s looking for mom again. But you or I should call the-“

”Oh!” Terra cut her off “Someone’s at the door!”

Perhaps out of place, but Vanessa wondered if her sister was still only in her towel as she presumably answered the door. It wasn’t important at the moment, but the thought was still there. In a moment, he sister came back to the phone

”Adam’s at the door! He has dad! Oh thank goodness!” Her sister was nearly in tears again, though this time out of joy

”Wonderful! Oh thank the stars!”

”I don’t know how to thank him, I don’t even know how he got dad back here but I’m going to go give him a hug! Call you later!”

With that, the call ended. A happy ending to a nearly disastrous situation. Just in time for Vanessa’s tea kettle to call her. Having forgotten about her bladder, and nearly shaking from both anxiety and relief, Vannessa made her way back to the kitchen.

After what she had been though, a soft, unsweetened tea was just what she needed. And a run. Something to clear her mind and relax again. Now sitting at her dining room table, Vanessa blew on the steaming hot mug of tea and waited for the bag to disseminated the contents of the tea into the water. Taking a few deep breaths for herself, Vannessa found peace in the fact that a crisis had been averted, that her sister had such a good neighbor, and that the universe was on her side. As she began to sip her tea, her phone buzzed. Her sister

Adam saw dad wondering on his own and started walking with him. Handled it like a pro, told dad to come back for mom and got him to turn around. I was going to bake him a cake as a thank you but I’m not sure if that’s enough

Vanessa responded You could always ask him out. He’s cute. Clearly can think on his feet.

Terra’s tone was hard to tell, but it wasn’t terribly encouraging I’m not ready.

Vanessa continued to sip her tea, the large, previously filled mug was now nearly empty, it’s warm contents on their way down Vanessa’s throat. She chose to respond positively to her sister.

On your own time then. Just trust that it will happen again for you!

Ending her text with a smiling emoji, Vanessa finished her tea. Walking back over to the sink, she tossed the tea bag into the trash and refilled the mug with water. She took another long drink and tossed the small remainder down the drain before refilling it with water. She could wash it out later. While she hadn’t planned on running today, she had planned on a workout, and just needed to return to some level of normalcy. Checking her watch, Vanessa knew she’d be cutting it close. She had a routine doctor’s appointment in a few hours, meaning that she’d have to run her shorter route. 

While she dressed, she did the math in her head for distance and time, she figured she’d just be in time to shower and get moving when she got back. Unfortunately, she’d have to wait to release her morning pee. An experienced athlete, Vanessa figured that once she started running, she’d be able to forget about her nagging bladder. Quickly dressing in her running clothes, Vanessa was out the door, eager to clear her mind. Her bladder would have other plans.

Dressed in bright blue spandex, which hugged her shapely legs tightly, Vanessa quickly moved out of her front door. Her white sneakers smacked her steps while she climbed down to her front lawn. In the short distance to the chain fence in front of her small lawn, Vanessa chose a random song on her workout playlist and made sure her white, wireless earbuds were working. As music began to play, Vanessa adjusted her grey headband and made sure her black hair was secure in the quick ponytail she had styled for herself. Opening the small fence gate, her white tank top fluttered in the short breeze.

Her bladder reacted, warning Vanessa that this was a mistake. She should go back inside and pee. But Vanessa was stronger than that. She wanted her exercise, her tranquility. A simple ask from her bladder would not get in her way.

Lucky for Vanessa, her gamble seemed to have worked in her favor. Accelerating her steps on the concrete sidewalk, the small but consistent nudge from her bladder was quickly replaced by the shock and constant pounding of her sneakers bouncing off the ground below her. It didn’t take long for her mind to take the open opportunity to guilt her about her father. She wondered why his caregiver wasn’t there. Why her sister needed to take care of him. Why she wasn’t there. She took a deep breath, exhaling as she ran through the suburban streets.

The bright sun now hung pleasantly in the sky, shining down on Vanessa’s brow. She was sweating slightly, brushing the droplets off her head with her forearm. She smiled at a couple who were walking their dog, and another neighbor was watering his lawn. Passing by him, Vanessa couldn’t help but feel a sudden tug in her loins. Seeing the spraying hose was enough to renew her urge. And urge that wasn’t leaving. Now pressing against her slit, her need refused to leave, constantly reminding her of her need to relief herself. Rounding the corner, Vanessa figured she was in too far to turn around, that running all the way back just to pee and run back would not only take up too much time, but that it was ultimately pointless. She promised herself that she could hold it.

A school bus was stopped at a red light. With paper over the usual school that it belonged to, it was taking some group to a camp. In an effort to distract herself from the pressing need of her filling bladder, Vanessa read the camp name to herself Camp Kidd. The clip art of water and boats along the banner did little to distract her from her need. Water, droplets of sweat, the heat of the morning sun, none of it was enough to remove the slow burn of a building bladder.

Her shoes slapped against the concrete, each strike was countered by her bothered bladder. In retaliation, Vanessa continued to switch her focus between what she could feel and what she could see. She could feel her sweat building on her skin. She wiped it away with her hand. She could feel her bladder pressing its contents down on her slit. She could see the perfectly placed trees and idyllic suburban landscape. Her needs still worked at the back of her mind, gnawing at her with a sensation that would not leave. 

Frustrated, she visualized herself running towards her goals. Each step was making her better, stronger, fiercer. Her bladder seemed to numb, allowing her to fantasize about the woman she was making herself into. She picked up the pace, pushing herself that much harder. Her sensitive organ responded by pushing back. Each smack of the concrete sidewalk by her sneakers sent a shockwave from the soles of her feet to her now pressurized genitals. It wasn’t going away, it wasn’t stopping. Vanessa had no choice but to admit her mistake. I should have peed before I left.

Crossing the street, Vanessa pushed herself into a sprint. Her shoes now hardly touched the ground, lightly lifting off the pavement as she moved onto the adjust sidewalk. Unknowingly, Vanessa pushed a little too much. Until now, her sensitive muscles had been able to counter each and every attack her bladder had levied, but Vanessa jeopardized their efforts. The stress of sprinting, even for a moment, was enough for the weight of her bladder to push small droplets of pee out of her tight pussy. Small enough that the damage couldn’t be seen with the naked eye, and indistinguishable from the feeling of sweat. Still, if anyone could have seen Vanessa’s snatch, a small spurt of yellowish liquid had dribbled out. She was unaware.

It was starting to become uncomfortable, dominating her thoughts but Vanessa was confident she could make it. The sun was still climbing the sky, still starting its morning. The streets were bustling with people the closer she was getting to the commercial district. By contrast, she was leaving the confines of suburbia. A slight sting from the sweat dripping down her forehead and into her eyes. A constant, steady burn of both her need and her muscles were causing her to curl and uncurl her toes inside her sneakers. Causing an awkward gait to her movements and an uneven stride that only served to enhance her growing desire to find a place to relieve herself.

A new obstacle quickly came into view. Now surrounded by the invasive urban landscape, Vanessa quickly found herself running towards a crosswalk. The sign on the adjacent street told her to stop, and without thinking much of it, Vannessa did as she was commanded. Now free from the constant pounding of the street, the slow burn of her building bladder rushed forward. Slamming down on Vanessa’s small peehole, the tight pressure was quick and constant, forcing Vannessa to address it.

Gasping at the sudden rush of her pent up desperation, Vannessa crossed her legs and began to bounce, her shapely butt attractively wiggling as she did. The people around her didn’t seem to notice. Okay, I need to find a place around here I can pee. This is bad. Unfortunately for Vanessa, the tea had also made its way to her bladder, forcing the already filled organ to expand. Trying to be subtle in her movements, Vanessa patiently waited at the crosswalk. One foot crossed in front of the other, she took in her surroundings. A bank, and office building, a parking lot. None of these were an option for her. She was given the clearance to walk. Now resuming her run, her pace was off.

Her mind wondered away from her form and her workout. The numbness to her own desperation she had been granted was gone. The slow, gnawing burn of a filling bladder had been quickly replaced by the oppressive pull of a girl who was running out of time. Now in more of a fast walk instead of a run, Vannessa used her strength to hold her muscles tight. It was more important to prevent any piss from escaping her than it was to work her body out.

Another crosswalk. Stopping wasn’t good for her. There had to be some place she could stop. Scanning the buildings again, Vanessa quickly zeroed in on a small restaurant. Tucked between two office buildings, it was her best bet. Shifting her weight back and forth while she waited to be allowed to cross, Vanessa found herself balling her fists and then relaxing them again. Breathing confidently through the waves of desperation, she played with her grey headband. She touched her ponytail. Trying to pay attention to her music but it simply wasn’t good enough. Relief only came when she was allowed to cross. Her brown eyes burned into the restaurant. The little structure was going to be her release.

With her goal in sight, Vanessa felt some of the pressure in her bladder dissipate, that she was about to make it and resume her run. The universe was on her side, allowing her to make up for her misjudgment. Now making onto the sidewalk, Vanessa abandoned running all together and instead opted to focus her energy on holding it. Shifting her weight from one hip to the other as she walked the pressure in her bladder forced her to ball her fists together rhythmically. At least it kept her situation subtle. Nearly tickling, her piss pushed on her abdomen. Vanessa was forced to squeeze her most private muscles as she walked, at least more than enough to hold it as she entered the restaurant.

A bell rang as she entered, the lightweight door quickly moving as Vanessa was confronted with a line as soon as she entered. The door just barely shut behind her, and she was staring straight at someone’s back. A tall man. Unable to get a good look at the restaurant around her, Vanessa tried to look to her left and right, a sign that told her where she needed to go. Not seeing one, she crossed her legs and discreetly put her hands to her hips. Her concern was growing just as fast as her desperation and she bit her lip. Just enough that the new sensation might distract her. The line moved by one.

Keeping her blue spandex clad legs crossed, Vannessa took a deep breath. As she stood in line, she felt the force of a full bladder bare down on her tight snatch. It was as though lightning had stuck her privates from her bladder. A heavy, indescribable weight pressed on her opening. Each passing second made it worse. Vanessa needed help. The line wasn’t moving. She tapped on the shoulder of the man in front of her.

“Um…e-excuse me?” The normally confident Vanessa now submissive with her full bladder

The man didn’t respond. She tried again. Her legs still crossed and her legs now slightly bending. The tall man turned. He had olive skin like her, and thin glasses. He smiled at her, finding the tattooed runner attractive.

“Hi.” Vanessa forced a smile “Uh…do you maybe know where the bathrooms are?” Her expression showed her desperation.

“Yeah.” He spoke with a deep voice and pointed to his left. “It’s behind the counter though, employees only.”

Vanessa nodded her head in acknowledgement and tried to move around the tall man. There was an occupied table, and Vanessa turned her body to try and move around them. The woman at the table gave her a bit of a dirty look, obviously annoyed at her need to accommodate the desperate runner. Mouthing an apology, Vanessa’s hands quickly went back to her thigh, clutching the fabric as her pee forced itself down on her snatch. Her insides felt heavy. Now impossible to ignore. Walking up to the counter, she could feel the eyes of the other patrons on her. Maybe her mind was playing tricks. She stood straight as she got to the counter. A deep breath. The three men making different breakfasts didn’t say a word to her.

Clenching her jaw and balling her fists again and again, Vanessa crossed her legs. She hoped one of the men behind the counter could see her. One of them briefly looked. Then he was back to his cooking. Vanessa’s eyes darted around the room. There had to be something to distract her. Anything.

“What do you need sweetheart?” Finally, one of the men saw her

“Hey, can I use the bathroom?” A forced smile

“No. Staff only.”

Clutching her thighs and crossing her legs, Vanessa pressed

“Please? It’s kind of an emergency.”

No response. He was back to cooking.

Vanessa hinged forward, each denial adding to her desperation.

“I-I’ll buy something!”

Another one of the men answered

“Lady, if we let you use it, then we gotta let everyone use it. Go find a public bathroom.” He was forceful

“Miss, the park has a public bathroom.” One of the patrons in line spoke up

They were right, but it was more of a journey. Still, Vanessa didn’t have many options left. Certainly she wasn’t going to win her argument here. The other people in line moved aside as she made her way back towards the door, the men calling out an order number. No one cared that Vanessa really needed to pee.

Maybe I can find some place along the way. She tried to draw in some deep breaths. Focus. Does Derek live around here? She thought about her ex. No way he lets me in just to pee. Walking to her right towards the park, Vanessa could feel the heat of the early summer sun on her back. It couldn’t distract her from the pent up morning tea and pee she was holding. I am supposed to be running. I should focus on that. Quickly, Vanessa started to jog. Her steps were heavy, but quick. Each jolt was a shockwave to her bladder. Every step on the concrete turned her discomfort into pain. Another breath. In and out.

There may have been room inside her lungs to expand, but it didn’t feel like it. The pain of her feet hitting the ground was starting to pale in comparison to the nerves that felt like they were on fire. With each step she risked leaking her hot pee into her panties. There could be a store, or a shop. Something. Each passing step took her away from the commercial district. She continued to run. Towards the residential area she went. Her only hope was making it to the park. The strain and stress was too much. A little escaped her defenses and was absorbed by her panties. A small dribble that was just a fraction of the ocean of pee inside her.

As Vanessa approached another crosswalk, her panties were slowly absorbing more and more piss. A slow but nearly constant leak. It was not a job they were made for. They were starting to darken. An almost tickling sensation against her, Vanessa clenched harder. By some miracle it worked. But only for a moment. The pulsing pressure between her abdomen and her pussy had taken hold of her mind. The crosswalk stopped her again. Sloshing her desperately held piss inside her bladder, it collided against her defenses, which were still recoiling from the stress of her jog.

Vanessa could feel a forceful spurt spray out of her slit. It made its way past her clenched labia and splashed into her panties, soaking through the damp fabric and creating a small, dark, wet spot on the crotch of her blue spandex. Grabbing herself at the crosswalk, Vanessa’s legs were bent as she crossed them. Everyone on the street was witness to her desperation. The light changed and Vanessa was allowed to cross.

Unable to remain discreet, Vanessa balled one hand into a fist and pressed it against her thigh. Hoping the new sensation would counter her burning need. It didn’t help. Her bladder throbbed. She didn’t have much time before she burst, the tea filling her bladder quickly. Walking as fast she could in her situation, Vanessa leaked again. The small spot on her leggings grew a little more. Another leak. Another spirt. More and more the spot expanded. Vanessa’s mind was blank, save for her desire to hold it.

The bottom of her white shirt struggled to hide her inflated abdomen. Each side of her filled bladder pounded her pussy with excess tea that she had poured into it. Vanessa felt hot, sweaty from the struggle to hold her pee.

Looking about as she tried to make it to the park, Vanessa was starting to doubt she’d make it. With few options, she looked for an ally. Anyplace she could squat. Nothing. The bright sun beat down on her. She felt clammy. A moist, warm sensation rolled out of her as she slowly walked. Another leak. The woman behind her could see an expanding wetness just under Vanessa’s butt. The woman knew it was pee. A small drop or two made it through her spandex and onto the sidewalk below. A spot on the concrete.

I…I have to let some out, or I’m not making it… Vanessa hoped she could stall for time. That a small pee stain was better than a large one. Closing her eyes, Vanessa hoped to get some temporary relief. It came quickly, faster than she was expecting. It was too much. Still walking, piss began to glisten as it ran down the inseam of her pants. Splattering on the concrete, Vanessa was just able to regain control by plunging her hands into her crotch and stopping for a moment.

People walked around her. No one wanted to deal with the almost thirty year old who was about to have an accident. To her right was an open alley that led to a parking lot. Her last ditch effort to hold back her doomed bladder. Keeping her hands buried in her crotch, Vanessa took of in a sprint, the last of her strength was summoned to keep her dry. Her shoes hit the concrete of the sidewalk, then the pavement of the alley. Each step brought her closer to a solution, to some sort of respite.

She observed her surroundings. A secluded, square lot with the alley being the only way in or out. Vanessa didn’t immediately see any place to discreetly squat. Taking her only available option, she darted around to the passenger’s side door of some car. At least it took her away from the alley. Hidden enough. In a flash, she whipped her wet, blue spandex down along with her drenched panties. With a breath, she prepared for the best relief she could have hoped for.

A drip, a drop. Then a splatter. It was here, Vanessa could enjoy it. Closing her eyes, she felt the wind on her bare and exposed bottom. Her exposed labia began to hiss as the pressure of her morning pee sputtered out of her. Then she heard an angry, scratchy voice.

“You nasty bitch! Get away from my car!”

Vanessa hadn’t bothered to check for people. A woman had exited her apartment, only to find some stranger with her bare butt and pussy completely exposed, making a puddle next to her car.

Screaming in shock, Vanessa leapt from the ground and pulled her panties and spandex almost back up. Her butt partially visible at the top and a hand plastered at her crotch, she was able to briefly stop peeing. The other woman shouted

“I’m going to call the police! This is disgusting and disrespectful!”

“N-n-no ma’am, p-please d-don’t! I j…just-I…I…” Vanessa’s spandex began to darken again. She lost control “Ss…sorry. I can’t hold it!”

Squealing, Vanessa held her free hand over her mouth in shock. She was squeezing her muscles as hard as she could. She’d give anything to stop her bladder from spraying hot piss into her pants, but it was an impossible order to obey. Her stout muscles were now exhausted. The last of her grip slipped as warm pee splattered onto the ground below. Doubled over, hand buried into the now soaked, black crotch of her spandex, the only thing she could do was listen to the loud hiss coming from her snatch as it dumped all of her piss into her pants.

Piss poured out of her, carving thick, dark streaks into her blue spandex like a river carves through a countryside. Vanessa was peeing forcefully enough to overflow that side of her pants, and the piss that sprayed off of her spandex rushed towards the puddle that she had already made, making the entire ground beneath her more akin to a lake than a puddle. As if someone had sprayed it down with a hose.

As pee stains made their way down to the cuff of Vanessa’s spandex, she dropped her head and slouched her shoulders forward, melting into the feeling of relief. Piss pouring from her quickly ran over her feet and into her sneakers, waterlogging them and adding to the soaked ground. A shiver ran down the length of Vanessa’s spine. Her leg began to twitch at the warmth and relief from holding it for so long. It was the best she could do. Finally able to talk as her accident subsided, she opened her palms and pleaded

“Ma’am I’m so, so sorry. I-“

“Just. Just leave. Please.”

Nodding, Vanessa walked away, her shoes squelching as she did so. Footprints formed from her wet shoes and followed behind her, excess piss escaping from them and dribbling onto the ground. Her socks were equally soaked. The more she walked back to the street, the more her feet slid and squished in her wet sneakers. Easily it alerted anyone to her wetness. Of course, they need only to look at her pants to see that Vanessa couldn’t hold her pee. To make matters worse, Vanessa only had one way home.

The walk back was surreal. A dream. If her music was playing she couldn’t hear it, if a car sped by she couldn’t see it. The only things she could feel were the cold, damp, wetness that clung to her slender legs and the shame of what she had done. Each apartment she walked by in her desperate attempt to make it quickly turned back into the commercial district again. She had no motivation to run, and only took enough breaths to quell the anxiety of walking back to her house in clearly peed pants.

Vanessa could feel eyes looking at her. Some simply stared, others snickered, and more still looked behind for a second glance. Though seemingly most people didn’t comment. Or maybe they did, but they simply didn’t want to interact with the runner who pissed herself. While standing at a crosswalk, she was sure she saw someone take a picture. On her way back, as she passed the restaurant the denied her, she heard someone talking.

“Dude, that chick seriously pissed her pants.”

“Bro what? No way!”

The laughter was expected. Vanessa hung her head, her bright red face showing her embarrassment. But comments from people she’d never see again she could ignore. As she walked, the slight smell of pee was harder to ignore. It was when she reached her neighborhood that she was reminded of the consequences of her accident.

People were out. People she knew. Friends, neighbors. Rumors would spread quickly of her shameful wet walk. It was their comments that cut the deepest. One in particular stood out as she passed by a home

“Look! Look! Vanessa peed her pants!” She would remember their laughs as long as she lived. At least it wasn’t the parents who were laughing

Vanessa needed a shower, but more importantly she needed time alone. She told herself that she had disrespected her body, that she took her continence for granted. This was a lesson to listen to her body. But despite everything, as she turned on the shower, Vanessa told herself one thing. She would not cry.

A/N: What'd you think? I know Vanessa's a new character, so I'd love to know what you all think of her first spotlight. Would you like more of her? Less? What scenarios would she fit into?

*068*2024-07-14 20:55

{{4 hours ago, dudelobowski said:

I think if Mary Ann likes ruining her bed that’s would be really fun! Especially if she made herself some rules for a weekend or something that she could only use her bed as the toilet, call it “bed lockdown” make it a game she plays to reference being locked out of her office or something. It would be really fun if she gets satisfaction out of the before and after of her bed originally just one stain she couldn’t get out after original wetting, transitions to clearly that of a bedwetter, overlapping circles.

}}

Yeah! I really hadn't considered that detail but the idea of Mary-Ann's bed getting more and more soaked and maybe even smelling like pee later in the story could be great! I think I'll mix both naked bed peeing and bedwetting together though so that it doesn't get too repetitive.

{{5 hours ago, dudelobowski said:

Maybe pair bedwetting with some consistent “bedwetter panties”

My favorite scene is for sure Maryanne's purposeful bedwetting although the little tease that Sarah leaked in her seat on the way to Lou’s was hot, and Maryanne's shower wetting too.

I agree that Karenna's scene was a little bit of a letdown, should have been more of an independent wetting, that Mary-Ann observed the aftermath of and helped clean up

}}

The idea of her keeping a specific clothing item for wetting is another good idea, which maybe can be expanded to jeans, pencil skirts, shorts and the like. In the original story, Karenna had a green skirt that served this purpose near the end but it wasn't really ever expanded on. For instance maybe Mary-Ann keeps the first skirt that she wet in as her favorite to do those types of wettings.

Seems like Sarah is a character that people like to see desperate. I do have something planned with her in chapter 2 for sure.

Yeah, Karenna's scene maybe could have been that she leaked heavily but just made it to the toilet, but then Mary-Ann sees her wet chair and helps her clean it as you mentioned. Oh well, they'll be desperate together plenty more.

{{2 hours ago, KryptonianGod said:

I know u don’t plan on Mary Ann and Karenna to get together but it would be interesting if one drunk night they explore their pee fetish and one thing leads to another. And after Maryann doesn’t like Karenna that way it was just a mistake but Maryann still like her as a friend. Would love to see something like that play out lol

}}

There is absolutely room for this in the story! Won't be chapter 2 but they may go further than they did in the first story for sure.

{{On 7/5/2024 at 5:51 PM, desperatedivaa said:

Definitely my fav thing i have read on here. i liked this expansion on vanessa but definitely would like to see more of mary ann and karenna together!

}}

While the interludes will focus on mostly the side characters, expect to see plenty more of Mary-Ann and Karenna!

{{On 7/13/2024 at 9:29 AM, Caraxes said:

Loved the Vanessa interlude! She is a fun new addition to the cast and it’s an interesting contrast to have a character who doesn’t take pleasure from accidents.

Could definitely serve as a neat foil as Mary-Ann and Karenna become more exploratory.

}}

While she's laid back for sure, Vanessa has no interest in omo. Hopefully for Mary-Ann Vanessa never finds out about her fetish, but who knows. Honestly haven't decided if she does or not. Also kind of felt bad for Vanessa because she really didn't do anything wrong to deserve her embarrassment. I guess that's sometimes just how it happens though, she got caught short while on a run.

{{On 7/5/2024 at 1:20 AM, orangelion said:

I really enjoyed this chapter! Vanessa is a great addition to the story and I'd love to see more of her

}}

{{On 7/7/2024 at 7:28 AM, JimSpurs666 said:

Love it. Very visceral and good to have a baseline character who isn’t necessarily into it

}}

With that being said, I was thinking of having her do some sort of new age ritual after her wetting where she stays inside and walks around the house naked, peeing whenever her bladder asks to "make amends" with it. Not sure if that'd be interesting enough or not, but I do have other stories for her in mind either way.

Lastly, a fun idea I had, and this goes for everyone. Excluding Mary-Ann, if you could have sex with anyone of the girls in the story, who would it be?

*074*2024-07-26 22:00

{{8 hours ago, croutcher said:

"I even loved stopping and peeing in the woods. It's from your favourite chapter." The one in which mary ann find her fetish.But I can't remember it happening in the rewrites. I recall it from cassie's and mary ann's chapter.Did u reference that? Or am i missing something? And also when's the next chapter is gonna come?

}}

That was a reference to 1.2, where she stops on the road and tries to pee in a cup. I wrote it a little oddly, I'll admit, but that was what she was supposed to be referencing. Don't have a time frame on the next chapter but I have started it

