Mackenzie's Pregnancy Ultrasound

Author: Karly_cr

*000*2024-06-04 04:53

Mackenzie's backstory - Mackenzie was born on January 19th, 1981 in Miami, Florida. Her parents were decently rich but not quite 1 percent rich. Despite this she still went to a regular public school and did well. As Mackenzie entered Highschool she was very fitness oriented and would work out after school every day. Her fitness oriented lifestyle and her high pain tolerance and fearless attitude earned her the nickname " Mighty Mack" in grade 12.

At the age of 18 Mackenzie graduated and got a job as a lifeguard for the summer, during her time as a lifeguard her strength training became more intense because she had to meet certain standards, not that she was in danger of not meeting said standards but because she would be wearing a red one-piece bikini for ten hours so she wanted to look good, and look good she did. She had nice toned and thick thighs, beautiful strong biceps and a slightly chiseled abdomen. Pretty soon she caught the eye of a fellow lifeguard named Tyler. Not long after, Tyler and Mackenzie began dating and also training together.

After dating for 5 years, Tyler invited Mackenzie over to his place for a different kind of "workout", weeks later Mackenzie was not feeling the greatest and decided to take a pregnancy test which came back positive. After 8 months, Mackenzie had to get her final exam before she gives birth.

Ultrasound Day - May 3rd, 2005: Mackenzie was super excited to see the progress of her baby, but she was concerned about her ability to hold a full bladder as she didn't have the iron bladder that she once had. At 8:30 that morning Tyler got up and ready to go to work, Mackenzie was already in the kitchen filling up her one liter bottle of water. "Good luck with your scan today Mack, don't piss on the tech" Tyler said as he headed out the door to his truck and left for work. Mackenzie finished filling up the bottle of water and headed to the living room to watch TV while she drank, she slowly sipped the water while watching female wrestling.

After 45 minutes she finished the liter of water but she still had an hour until she had to leave for her scan so she decided to get ready for the day, she took a shower, brushed her teeth, washed her face and got dressed. She put on some sexy maternity jeans, a white tank top and a black leather jacket. After she finished all that she was feeling a 5/10 urge to pee but nothing to cause panic but she still had 25 more minutes until she had to leave for her scan.

She decided to leave early for her scan so that she wasn't driving with a bursting bladder. She got into her car and began the 15 minute drive to the clinic, on the way she stopped at the gas station to buy a 500 mililiter bottle of water to drink in the waiting room, then she continued driving, the bumps making her urge to pee spike.

After 5 more minutes of driving she arrived at the clinic, her urge being much worse, around a 7.5 /10. She parked her car and walked inside and signed in at the receptionist desk and sat down to drink the 500 mililiter bottle of water. After no more than 30 seconds she heard her name being called "Mackenzie, Time for your scan" The technician said, "Coming", Mackenzie said as she slowly stood up, bringing the bottle of water with her. "Alright Mackenzie, remove your pants and shirt please honey" the technician said as she grabbed her stethoscope, a tape measure and a large bottle of ultrasound Gel. Mackenzie removed her pants and shirt, revealing her white lace panties.

Her urge to urinate had increased to an 8/10 and she was beginning to struggle. "Lay on your back on this table for me" The technician said as she began setting up the Ultrasound Machine. Mackenzie struggled to keep control of her bladder as she climbed on the table, audibly groaning. "Alright, before I start, did you drink the 1 liter of water and is your bladder full?" The technician asked as she placed her hand on Mackenzie's big belly. "Yes, bursting full" Mackenzie replied, squeezing her legs shut.

"Good, I am going to start by feeling your belly, tell me if it hurts anywhere" The technician said as she began feeling Mackenzie's belly, starting at the top by her breasts and working her way down, Mackenzie began to groan as the technician felt near her full bladder. "Great, time for the ultrasound" The technician said as she grabbed the big bottle of gel and applied a large amount onto Mackenzie's big belly, the cold Gel made Mackenzie gasp and grab her crotch as a leak squirted out. "Arms up, I can't scan your belly with your arms in the way" The technician said as Mackenzie lifted up her arms.

The technician placed the probe on Mackenzie's lower belly and pressed firmly, causing Mackenzie to groan as she tried to keep her composure. "Goodness that is a impressively full bladder, good job" The technician said, smiling as she moved the probe into position to measure the amount of urine in Mackenzie's bladder. "Alrighty, I am going to measure your bladder capacity" The technician said, happily. Mackenzie just groaned. "You have 750 milliliters of urine in your bladder, impressive for a pregnant woman like you" the technician said, smirking. "You are enjoying my suffering aren't you?" Mackenzie asked through groans.

"Why yes I am, watching desperate young women struggle not to pee on my table is my favorite pass time" The technician said as she pressed harder and giggled. "Lucky" Mackenzie said. Blushing at the thought that someone is turned on by her predicament. "I especially love the pregnant ones, I always make them pee themselves so quickly. It is a sight to see" the technician said as she smiled wide. "Please don't make me pee, my boyfriend is picking me up" Mackenzie said. The technician moved the probe up to Mackenzie's upper belly, taking the pressure off her bladder before quickly moving it back down onto her bladder area, causing her to panic and several big leaks gush out. "I'm leaking, please give me mercy" Mackenzie said, frantically.

"Awww... So adorable, are you going to lose it too?" The technician said, smiling. "Not yet but if I don't visit a toilet soon you are going to need some towels" Mackenzie said, whimpering. "You're a big girl, I'm sure you can handle some bladder pressure for a little while longer" The technician said in a sexy voice. " how much longer?" Mackenzie asked. "10 more minutes, I'm sure you can wait that long, Mighty Mack". The technician said. Mackenzie was so desperate she didn't notice. Mackenzie leaked again as the technician moved her panties to the side and placed the probe against her crotch and her hand on her lower belly and pressed.

"Come on, don't you dare piss yet" the technician said as she chuckled. Mackenzie started to squirm as drops of urine slowly escaped her urethra. "Alright, we are done here" the technician said as she removed the probe and wiped the gel off, but Mackenzie was still leaking as she got dressed, in seconds a wet spot forming on her crotch as she hurried to the bathroom but to her horror it was out of order, "No No No No no" Mackenzie said as she frantically looked for somewhere to go but there was no where, her bladder couldn't contain it any more and she wet herself in the waiting room.

