Omorashi no Jutsu: A Naruto wetting fic

Author: Kitty Slick

*000*2023-08-12 18:13

Chapter 1 Author’s Note: Hey all, I’m a long-time secret writer who aspires to stop being so damn secret about it. After lurking here for awhile and writing my own omo stories privately, I’ve decided it's time to start sharing and see what other people think! This story is based on the anime Naruto, so it’ll help if you know the characters but hopefully it’s entertaining either way. If you do know the show: the story is, plot-wise, set somewhere in the original series pre-Shippuden. However maturity-wise, all characters are portrayed as 18+ for reasons that will, uh, become obvious as the story continues. Enjoy!

Chapter 1: A Wet Encounter

Naruto, Sakura, and Sasuke were getting impatient.

“Where the hell is he?!” Naruto yelled for the three of them. Sakura nodded in agreement, and Sasuke crossed his arms and looked away.

“I mean, honestly, it’s ridiculous,” Sakura agreed. “It’s nearly afternoon already! If Kakashi sensei had gotten here at 8 AM like he promised, we would’ve been halfway to Konoha by now!” She sighed and put her hands on her hips.

“Yeah, I’d really like to get some ramen for dinner,” Naruto agreed. “At this rate we won’t make it back ‘til after the shop closes.”

“He could have at least let us get breakfast in town first,” Sasuke muttered, begrudgingly admitting his agreement. “Why we had to meet him in this stupid forest clearing…”

Naruto began pacing back and forth and Sakura tapped her foot. Sasuke leaned against a tree. And the three kept waiting.

All of a sudden, there was a poof of smoke and someone materialized in the middle of the clearing.

“Finally!” Naruto cried, leaping forward, but his voice died in his throat when he realized that this was not Kakashi-sensei.

“Hey, who are you?” Sakura called. The woman giggled. She tucked a strand of long, wavy pale-golden hair behind her ear and smoothed her hands over her pink dress.

“Does it matter?” the woman teased in a high-pitched voice.

“Just tell us already!” Naruto replied.

“I’m Lady Chuya, dears,” she said. “I live in this village, and the three of you do not. I would like to ask what you are doing here.”

“We’re just waiting for someone,” Sakura explained. “We’re on our way out of here, alright? There’s no need to fight us.”

The woman giggled again. “What’s wrong? Don’t like to battle, pink hair?”

Team 7 automatically began moving into a battle formation in preparation.

“I didn’t have to ask, really,” Lady Chuya continued. “I know what you’re doing here. You’re collecting a report on the super-secret new technique that has sprung up around our village. It’s really causing quite a disturbance with anyone who passes through. Rumored to be so horrible that no one will even talk about it after it affects them.” She laughed loudly now, tossing her head back.

“Hey, we don’t know anything about your dumb technique, okay?” Naruto shouted at her. “Like Sakura said, we’re just on our way out. We’ll get going right now if you want us to!”

“Oh, but I don’t want you to go yet!” the woman crooned. “I want to play! I want you to remember me!” Suddenly she whipped her hands together and started forming hand signs. She mumbled something under her breath, then blew through her hands at them. “Let’s go!” the woman cried, grabbing three kunais out of her pocket and throwing them at the group. The three jumped backwards, instantly losing their battle formation and crouching to the ground to recover their balance.

Naruto jumped to his feet first and at first he couldn’t sense anything different. Did that jutsu even hit me? He thought. Suddenly, his bladder gave off a huge, unexpected wave of desperation. He groaned loudly and stuck his hands in his crotch, bending over. “What the heck?” he asked, voice wavering in confusion. He hadn’t even had to pee a few minutes ago.

“Really, Naruto? Now?” Sakura screamed at him from across the clearing. He looked up, embarrassed.

“Sorry Sakura! It’s just all of a sudden I really need the bathroom… ohhh, oh no…” he whined, potty dancing for a second. His bladder surged and a few drops of piss came out of himself. He straightened up to see a small wet spot on his orange jumpsuit. “Ohh, what the hell?!”

“Y-you’re disgusting, Naruto!” Sakura squeaked, but he suddenly noticed that she also had her thighs pressed tightly together. Naruto looked over at Sasuke who was standing normally, but had really pink cheeks. The woman was now giggling hysterically at them.

“Guys… is this just me or is this…?” Naruto’s question seemed to be answered as Sakura suddenly squeaked and quickly crossed her legs.

“Okay, fine, it’s not just you! I have to go too!” she moaned desperately, bending her knees. “I really have to go! It’s like it just hit me out of nowhere!”

“It’s gotta be her jutsu!” Naruto moaned in sympathy, bending back over and sticking his hands in his crotch. “And I don’t think it’s just an illusion!” The two looked over at Sasuke, who was standing completely still, face still bright red. “Oh come on Sasuke, we know you have to pee too!”

“N-n-no… you guys are such babies,” Sasuke stammered. He was clenching his fists nervously and his legs had begun frantically trembling, but he was refusing to show any real signs of desperation.

Naruto’s bladder surged again and he felt a stream of hot piss soak the front of his jumpsuit.

“Ohh, I’m gonna wet my pants!” he shrieked.

Sakura was whimpering, and Naruto looked over to see an obvious stream of pee running down her legs. She stopped it after a few seconds by bending over and shoving her hands in her crotch, but she had a small puddle underneath her now. “Me too,” she said softly, face deep red. She was definitely worse off than Naruto, though Sasuke, now shifting from foot to foot, somehow still looked to be completely dry.

“Oy, yoo-hoo,” Lady Chuya called out. “Are you guys going to fight me or not?”

“I’m ready to fight,” Sasuke choked out stubbornly. He tried to split his legs open in a battle stance, but kept his knees bent awkwardly in towards each other.

“Oh, just admit it Sasuke!” Naruto screamed at him, now visibly potty dancing.

“Ohhhh no,” Sakura moaned, and the boys looked over to see her teary-eyed. She was fully wetting her pants now, pee streaming freely down her legs and even soaking the front of her dress. She buried her face in her hands and her legs seemed to crumple underneath her, as she fell to her knees in her own puddle of piss.

“Alright, you know what Sasuke? Let’s do it, let’s fight this witch. Give me ten seconds.” Naruto leaned his head back and took a deep breath. “Ahhhh,” he moaned, letting the pee freely stream out of himself and down his legs. After he’d relieved himself about halfway, he jammed his hands into his crotch and bounced up and down to compose himself. After a few seconds he jumped into a battle stance. “Alright, let’s do this!”

Sasuke was gaping at him in shock, and Naruto looked back, feeling his cheeks turn pink. “What are you looking at?”

Sasuke suddenly jumped and summoned a giant shuriken, holding it awkwardly in front of his body as he tried to resume his bent-knees battle pose. “O-o-okay, let’s fight.” He adjusted the shuriken so it was fully covering his crotch.

“Does little Sasuke need a potty?” Naruto teased in a baby voice.

“Shut up Naruto, you literally just wet your pants!” Sasuke shouted back.

“Hehehe, and so will you!”

“Shut up, baka!” Sasuke suddenly crossed one leg over the other and bent his knees, face now burning a fiery red. Naruto laughed and pointed at him, dancing in his own pee puddle.

“I think this one needs a little more,” the jutsu woman teased, suddenly blowing towards Naruto again. He reeled backwards as the urge to piss hit him again, just as desperately as the first time.

“Aughhh, you bitch!” he shouted, shoving his hands in his crotch. “Seriously Sasuke, let’s beat this woman!”

Sasuke didn’t answer. He was still bent over at the waist and looked to be sweating, still holding the shuriken in front of himself.

“Sh-shadow clone jutsu!” Naruto shouted, managing to get his hands in the right position before gripping his crotch again.

“Augghhh!” his clone shouted as soon as it was created. “I really need the toilet!”

“Yeah, don’t we all, buddy?!” Naruto shouted back.

“Ahhh, I’m gonna wet my pants! I can’t do this!” the clone shouted, and vanished.

“Oh, come on!” Naruto shouted, feeling another surge come out to warm the front of his soaking wet pants.

Sasuke suddenly audibly whimpered. The two looked over to see him clearly losing the battle. He’d placed one hand over his crotch now, and with his legs crossed around it he was bending his knees up and down in an awkward, visible potty dance. It looked like there were tears in his eyes. He kept the giant shuriken angled so that most of his lower body was hidden, but had they been able to see him they wouldn’t have missed the large wet stain now spreading all the way to the tops of his thighs.

“Okay, new plan, Sasuke,” Naruto called as another warm leak ran into his boxers and dribbled onto his thighs. “You too, Sakura. On the count of three, we charge this woman, and we just let it all go, alright? We just completely piss our pants, no shame. But we have to beat her!”

“N-n-no way,” Sasuke stammered, his voice hoarse. “I’m not doing it.”

“You’re gonna pee yourself in another minute, what difference does it make?”

“I’ll do it then,” Sakura sobbed, getting to her feet. The woman chuckled and blew at her again. Sakura grabbed her crotch and gasped in shock, collapsing back into her puddle, rocking herself into her hands. “Sorry… it’s so bad I can’t even stand up! Ohhh…” The pee was already coming out of her again, broadening the puddle underneath her as fresh tears rolled down her cheeks.

“Sasuke, I’m about to lose control again!” Naruto said urgently. “Just piss yourself and let’s do this already!”

“I’m not letting go! I’m not… I’m not some baby like you are! I-I-I…” Sasuke choked and suddenly a hissing noise burst out of him that was so loud Naruto could hear it all the way across the clearing. Sasuke looked down in horror to see his white shorts dampening and becoming slightly yellowed, as a massive amount of piss streamed down his legs and formed a huge puddle on the ground. Lady Chuya giggled hysterically as Sasuke hung his head in shame.

“Rasengannnnnnn!” Naruto suddenly shouted, throwing himself at the woman. Distracted by Sasuke’s wetting, she shrieked as the attack unexpectedly hit her and she was blasted backwards into a tree. She cried out in pain, and turned and ran off through the forest.

Naruto landed and gasped, grabbing his crotch, but it was too late, and his orange jumpsuit continued to be saturated for another minute as his bladder finished giving out. After the stream trickled to a stop, he stood up straight. He looked over at Sasuke who had finally gotten rid of his shuriken and was staring determinedly at the ground, white pants see-through all the way to his boxers. He glanced at Sakura too, who was still crying, hands held over the wet spot on her dress, kneeling in a big puddle of her own piss.

All of a sudden, there was a poof of smoke and someone materialized in the middle of the clearing.

“Sorry I’m so late guys!” Kakashi called cheerily, holding up his hand in a wave. As soon as he’d taken in his surroundings, his expression turned to one of complete shock.

“Whoa. Guys. What did I miss?”

Team 7 didn’t answer.

