Payton's Wet Day

Author: KLMS

*000*2017-06-25 00:54

HSS-Omo Payton(1).txt

*002*2017-06-25 23:11

My bad. I was trying to post a fanfic. But since I'm still new here I had a bit of trouble. How do I upload a fanfic?

*003*2017-06-25 23:35

Hey guys. So this will be my first story here on Omo.org

If any of you guys have played High School Story (by Pixelberry), tell me about it. I wanna know what you guys think of the game (and of you've had any Omo-related thoughts about the characters ;-) I had a bit of trouble with trying to upload this. Help me please! For future reference. :'D

But anyways, enjoy and tell me what you think :-D

(P.S: My main character is called Kamo, and the school he and the others are in is called Commander's Academy For the General, or CAF-G). PS, there will be lots of rude language.

Waking up at 06:30 in the morning as I always do on most weekdays, I reluctantly made my way to the bathroom to get ready for the day, yawning as I passed my full body mirror. After using the bathroom, brushing my teeth, showering and brushing my low hair, I dressed up in what's called "The Camo Cool", a military-style (green and brown) sweater with dark gray sleeves on top of a simple light gray shirt, along with brown-beige pants accompanied by black and white sneakers, and to top it off, a pair of grey-lensed aviators.

"Now that's what I'm talking about!" I said to myself as I struck a pose at the mirror. I laughed, make myself some pancakes DRENCHED with mint-flavoured syrup (I have a very sweet tooth you see :P), watched some TV for a moment then packed my bags. I looked into the mirror one las time:

A very tall young man with dark skin, short black hair and, surprisingly, bright cobalt blue eyes looked back at me, being accompanied by his big, muscular, buff body. I flexed my muscles a bit, with a dashing smile, before I left home, locking the door and getting my motorbike out of the garage.

I live alone with my dog Lexie you see, my parents are away on some Special Ops mission most of the time, so I get A LOT of free time. My house is an average one-story bungalow, with a swimming pool and a launcher on the roof for launching drones. Long story. :-P

As I drive down the road (my school is close, but most of the time I prefer to drive) I stop at a traffic light. I look to my left, seeing my main rival, Hearst High. Ohhh I hate those guys. We are like the US and Soviet Union during the cold war, always spying on each other, filling the neighborhood with unessessary amount of tension. Ah well, it was the healthy kind of hate anyways, if there is such a thing. Anyway-Hello? Its Kara, getting out of her fancy sports car wearing that signature cheerleader uniform of hers-

Hold on a minute. I focus my eyes and "zoom" in. Hello? She's yelling at someone on her phone while holding her purse as she exited her car. But that ain't what caught my attention. Its the fact that one hand is jammed right between those smooth, sexy legs of hers, her legs are crossed together tightly and she bent over a lot, while blushing RED! WHILE yelling at who ever on the phone that caught my attention!

She looked around before her eyes locked onto mine, and even at this distance, I saw her eyes widen, and her face go from red to redder with more apparent embarrassment-What the? She suddenly bent over before looking around quickly, to see if anyone else is watching her, then she raced into the main entrance of Hearst...

...Wow...that...that was...th-tha-that...was...Holy fuck...that must have been the most amazing thing I've ever seen in...fucking forever!

What else made that more amazing? Just before Kara raced inside, I saw a glimpse on that cute left leg of her's that extended all the way from under her cheer leading uniform to her small feet....

Wait... a glimpse?....HOLY FUCKING ASS AND SHIT!

*BEEP BEEP BEEEEEEEP!* Hey! Move it!

I snapped out of my trance and noticed the light was green, and that this jerk behind me was yelling at me to move on. "Screw you!" I yelled back before racing off, leaving him stunned in silence. What the hell was that?! Jeeze am I dreaming? Was I dreaming back there? Why did that happen? Eh.... I.... WHAAT?!

As I parked my bike in the parking lot and chained it, very rapidly I may add, I speed walked towards the front entrance, completely ignorant of everyone looking at me strangely and even said "Everything's Okay!" In rapid motion as I sped-walked towards the Nerd Hangout Nishan is in. I know that he always does some notes or some stuff before class starts.

Dammit I'm so full of energy I can't think!!!!!!!!!!

Computer: System Overload. Commence system reset.

3, 2, 1...

...

...

...

...

System Restart....1...2...3...

Hmmm? Oh there you are. Sorry, had to take a time out or else my mind was gonna blow from the excitement. Anyways, where was I?....Oh yeah.

"NISHAN HAL-TEJAS!" I yelled as I stormed in the Nerd Hangout and slammed the door behind me, startling him so hard he fell off his chair. Getting up and dusting himself, he looks at me with eyes wider than saucers. "Greetings to you as well Kamo." He said nonchalantly, getting back to his notes still with wide eyes. "What's up, you look like-. "YOU WILL NOT BELIEVE WHAT I FUCKING SAW ON MY WAY HERE!"

"Did Payton make another shoe store run out of supplies?

"Nope! Wait, did she?"

"I dunno I'm asking you!"

"Well, I haven't seen any stores that have closed early,so...no?"

"I dunno!"

"Why are you yelling?!"

"Because-why are you yelling?!"

"I dont know!"

"Im supposed to be the one saying that!"

"WHY ARE WE YELLING?"

"I DUNNO!"

"YEAHH!"

We both turned and stared at Julian as he stood there, sending him further into confusion. He looked at the two of us as we just started at him back. "Okay I'm lost, you guys where yelling, so I thought we were yelling for no reason, what did I do?" He said as he closed the door, but not before a certain prep squeezed in. "Why are you guys yelling so much? The whole school can hear you." Payton said as she glared at the three of us.

"I dont know. Kamo, care to explain why you suddenly ran in here and shouted like a maniac for no particular reason?" Nishan said as he looked at me with his eyes narrowed as he crossed his arms.

I took a deep breath. "Sorry for all that, but you guys will NOT believe what I saw on my way here." I said as they looked at me with curious eyes. "I saw Kara Sinclair, the same Kara who goes to Hearst High, the same Kara who used to date Max , the same Kara who annoys us to no end, almost lose control of her bladder, right outside the main building of Hearst. Yep you heard me. I saw Kara almost fucking piss herself." I said, crossing my arms with a cocky smile.

...The look on their faces was of absolute, 110%, authentic, pure, realistic SHOCK! With a look of capital-WTF?! on their faces, complete with jaws dropped to the ground and eyes wider than dinner plates.

And we all just stood there for I dunno how long, probably like 10 minutes. Finally, Nishan was the one to break the silence.

"Are...you...serious? You saw Kara, Baroness of Hearst High, almost commit an act most commonly found with small kids? You saw her almost do the completely embarrassing act of wetting herself?" Whispered Nishan, his voice full of shock.

"Eeeyep" I said with a nod. The three of them looked at each other...

And all four of us burst out laughing HARD! I grabbed onto the counter as I tried to steady myself as I laughed my guts out. "Oh my god! Oh my fuck! Holy-holy Shit-ahahahahahaa!" Julian yelled as he tumbled on the ground and cluctched his stomach as he laughed harder. I eventually calmed down after a bit and I was breathing heavily, yet Nish and Julian still went on-Hello? "Payton you alright? I asked her as she left in a hurry, me following right after her.

She looked at me and just laughed. "Well I'm gonna end up like Kara would have been in a few seconds, unless you lemme go to the bathroom." She said with a cute voice, a smile and and wiggled around a bit. I looked at her confused. "But...I'm not-"

"Thank you! Later!" She rapidly said before speed walking towards the ladies bathroom. I looked at her in confusion before shaking my head. "What is up with people today?" I asked myself as I went to get my books for class.

6 hours later...

I sat in math class, yet we weren't really doing anything because we were pretty much done with work for the term. So there I was, minding my own business, listening to Animals by Martin Garrix on my headphones, reading a book called "The Soviet War Machine." I never realized until reading this book, just exactly how big and powerful (military wise) The Soviet Union was back in the 50's to 90's. I...heh, this is gonna sound crazy, but sometimes, I wish I could go back in time to that period of high tension, just to experience how bad things actually were. Sounds crazy yeah, well what can I say, I'm a crazy dude ;-)

Ah here she comes, Payton walking in, with her boyfriend Ezra by her side. They share a quick kiss before he goes to his hangout to do...I dunno, music or something. There were a few of us in class, about 13 of us, so it was kinda quiet, she sees me and smiles and...I notice she's slightly waddling and wobbling her way here. And I know exactly why.

For some reason, coincidental, accidental, or deliberate, all the female bathrooms in the whole of CAF-G where closed down for apparent repairs. And it so happens that they have been that way the whole day, meaning any girl student or lady teacher either had to use the men's room, or go the extra mile and hold it in. The principle suggested Porta-Potties, but the general reaction from all lady or girl on these school grounds was "Oh fuck no!" So that also meant Payton didn't use the bathroom for 6 or 7 hours straight. Gotta say, she can really hold it.

"You alright?" I asked with a smile as I took off my headphones. She looked at me with that permanent smile of hers and smiled wider. "I'm okay, for now." She said as she shifted her legs from side to side more frequently. "What do you think actually happened?" She asked as she rested her hand above her crotch...

I nearly stared at that, getting an instant hard-on. Wow, never have I imagined seeing this. One of my best friends, who happens to be Super-sexy, rest her delicate hand on her crotch. I looked at her face, and saw her slight blush pink. I chuckled as she shifted her legs more.

"I dunno. Maybe an elaborate joke someone's playing on the whole school, maybe its a supernatural event, the possibilities are endless my dear Payton." I said with a mock British voice, making her laugh, and she suddenly grabbed her crotch with a slight gasp. Instant hard on x2.

"Aww, is widdle Pay-Pay having an acwident?" I mocked her with a laugh as she glared at me with a smile. "Stop it your gonna make me pee." She whined. Instant hard on x3. "And I know how much you like that." She said with a wink.

Wait....WHAT!?

I stared at her with a look of utmost WTF!? Uh... How does she know? How does she know I secretly enjoy watching people, more specifically the ladies, endure the effects of a full bladder? That was supposed to be a secret. How does she know?

"Uh, how do you know that? I-if that's even true?" I asked her nervously. She chuckled, which she immediately regretted as she now put both hands on her crotch. "Remember the Sleepover we had at your place?"

Oh! Now I remember! Ah yes, that day I'll never forget.

Me, her, Julian and Autumn slept over at my place for the weekend. We slept outside in my large yard because it was a warm night with crystal clear skies. We had a great time, swapping stories, eating crazy food, the usual sleepover stuff.

Anyways, around 1 am I think, I woke up to the sound of someone opening the sliding door of my house, and I saw Payton wasn't in her sleeping bag, so for some reason, I followed her up. I was tired and really didn't pay much attention, so I didn't really know what I was doing.

So then she gets to the bathroom, but upon switching on the light, and I stood outside as the light fully woke me up, she suddenly stood dead still and I could see her face in the mirror. Her eyes were wide and her pupils had shrunk, and following her gaze, I saw a tarantula spider on her shoulder. You know? The black and orange one? Yeah. I have arachnophobia, yet I love spiders at the same time, they're interesting to study. So she froze in fear, looking right at it by the mirror. It was SO close to her face.

"Don't move." I said as I slowly came behind her. She looked at me in the mirror, then defied my orders my slowly turning her head to look directly AT it! If it was even possible, her eyes widened more and her pupils shrank more! And then... The most amazing sight I've seen in... Forever! My guess is she was too preoccupied with the arachnid on her shoulder to notice the wet spot that formed and grew on her pants. She was wearing a long sleeve pink jersey-shirt thingamajig with purple shorts that went to about halfway to her knees, along with orange socks on those cute feet of hers.

Then that wet sport grew on her crotch to the size of a small plate and extended all the way down her legs, soaking her pants front and back. I could hear the pee hit the fabric of her pants from where I was standing. Then oh my goodness, rivulets of hot steamy-yellow pee ran down the rest of her legs, making them gleam in the light.

I felt a hard on slowly form as I watched with wide eyes and my lips suddenly felt dry. I watched as the golden fluid make its way into her orange socks, turning them a shade darker and watching the golden fluid puddle around her feet, a very impressive size indeed. I listened as she continued for what must have been minutes, but what felt like a lifetime. I listened as she let loose, the pee dripping and splashing on the floor of my bathroom.

Eventually and unfortunately, she stopped, and the puddle must have been like 2 meters by 2 meters big. Wow. To say I was turned on and impressed is an understatement. I was TURNED ON!

"H-h-hold on." I stuttered as I broke free of the trance that held me. I slowly, for some reason, stepped on the yellow fuild , it was still warm. I felt more turned on, as if I could explode at that very moment. I gently put my hand on the back of her shoulder letting the spider, who all this time stared at Payton and me with more curiosity than intimidation, climb on my hand and I gently put him in his tank. He was my pet spider "Gripen" and he somehow got loose. No harm done.

I turn back to Payton, who suddenly realized what happened blushed like MAD, her entire face turned a bright maroon, and her eyes were brimming with tears as she held her hands over her mouth in shock. She looked at me before looking away and... Instinctively I gently hug her close to me, feeling her now cold wet pants on my bare legs, which gave me another hard on.

"I'm so sorry. I-I saw the thing-spider and-and I just-I just-Im so so so sorry." She said as she cried on my chest. See me and Julian where the tallest between all our friends, and Max reaches up to us, so out of everyone, the three of us where more or less the tallest boys in the neighborhood. Payton reached up to the below the bottom of my neck, so she was quite short from my perspective.

"Its okay." I said soothingly. "Don't be too upset. It was an accident." I said as I gently cupped her warm cheeks, wiping tears away with my thumb. "I won't tell anyone. I'll clean up don't worry." I said soothingly. She looked at me, her hands on mine as I cupped her cheeks. Now understand, it was EARLY in the morning, around 1 or 2, we were still tired, she just had an accident and needed emotional support, I gave her that support and we looked into each others eyes for a few seconds.

You can guess what happened next.

I won't go into details, but all I can say is that the next two hours where of me and her passionately making out, and me playing with her privates and she with mine as we enjoyed ourselves. Her cold pee made things even more intense. After that, the clean up began, and when it ended, it was around 3am. She packed spare PJs (If you know Payton, sh's always prepared for anything fashion related. Heh) I put her wet clothes in the washing machine, and told her I'll give them back any time she wants. After a shower the both of us where in (no making out!), We both went back outside to sleep as if nothing happened. When she left in the morning...

"Kamo?"

"Yeah?"

"Don't tell Ezra."

"Dont stress. Nothing happened."

She smiled and left with Autumn and Julian.

"Yeah. I remember." I said with a smile. She looked at me with that smile of hers, yet I could see the frustration and slight fear in her eyes. She was slightly blushing, her skin a tad shade of maroon. Her hands where now firmly pressed on her crotch through that skirt of hers. Say... Now that I noticed-

"You lookin' good today, like you do everyday." I complemented her. She blushed a bit more and her smile widened. "Aww thank you." She said batting her eyelashes at me. "Better not get that outfit wet though." I mocked her and she playfully glared at me. She wore a neon green tight dress called "Emerald Envy" that hugged her body comfortably, showing off her curves. Along with green heels, a red rose in her hair band and sweet smelling perfume, she looked gorgeous. Although... No! Do not!

...

Ah what the fuck, now I wanna see her loose control and just wet herself right there. But I seriously doubt she'd loose control in front of a lot of people, especially if she attends school with said people. If that were to happen, her rep would nose dive like THAT! And she will never, EVER hear the end of it. How do I know? I just know.

"You know." She caught my attention and took out a book as well. "I'm not just gonna sit here and complain and hold it in. I'm actually gonna do something productive." She said like a boss while doing some left over work. I laughed and went back to my book. Math was the last period of the day, but it was a long session, for an hour 45. So we were in for quite some time.

Starting now: 1h,40mins

Nothing new. Reading about the Soviet Nuclear weapons arsenal. Listening to Run by Awolnation. Payton's fidgeting a lot. No one's noticed.

1h,30mins

Still on the Nuclear weapons arsenal. Listening to Interstellar by Excision. Bobbing my neck so much it hurts. She's sweating now.

1 hour

Reading about the MiG-21, listening to Shadowflame by Excision. What the? My eyes widened. All this time, I didn't notice a mirror in the class, used for I dunno what, was set in a position that granted me a reflection I didn't even think was possible. Payton sat directly in front of it, and it was angled perfectly, that I could see right under Payton's desk, in between her thighs, was lavender colored cotton panties with her hands covering them from time to time. I could also see her legs cross together often.

Perfect! Instant Hard on x4!

45 mins

I found myself staring there at times, and I couldn't focus on my book or my music. Heh. Nothing yet though. Unfortunately. Come on! Listening to Arcadia by Hardwell. In case you haven't figured it out yet, I like EMD, dubstep, Electro-house, that kinda music. ;-)

25 mins

I think I'm getting bored now. Although she's gotten more fidgety and sweaty. And for some reason, everyone else is asleep.

10 mins.

While there was a small gap of silence while another track was about to play, I suddenly heard her gasp. Looking at the mirror..... (Jaw slightly dropped)

She was still as a rock, looking down at her panties, which she pulled the skirt up to look at. I saw in the mirror something I've been wanting to see for weeks now. Slowly, a spot of darkness formed and slowly grew, and grew, until it reached the seat of her chair, or her butt. Then a few seconds later, it fell over her seat and slowly splashed on the floor. This was it. She was wetting herself right there. It was very translucent, so she must have had alot to drink today. Still a wave of ammonia and other liquid hit my nose. I could smell it from here.

Suddenly she stopped, looked at me with wide eyes filed with panic and stood up abruptly, took her books and proceeded to exit the class with a look of panic on her face. Was I just gonna look surprised, shrug then continue to read? Oh Hell naw!!

I stood up, put my headphones around my neck, my phone in my pocket and with my book in hand, silently raced after her. On my way out- Nuts I lost her. Damn she's fast. Oh? I smiled and chuckled as a couple of small drops and trails of what I guessed was Payton leaking, that went from here to the end of the hallway. So like a detective hot on finding out a major break in the case, I followed them, eventually finding the exit of the main building.

Getting outside- Ha! There she is, speed waling past the main gate. Damn she is fast. Just before she passed the gate, the bell rang, signaling the end of the day. Heh. Perfect timing. I ran after her just as people started exiting classes and the after school chaos would begin.

I recognized which way she was going, she was heading home. And yet she still didn't see or hear me I think, despite the fact I was right behind her, about 10 meters away I think. As I was following her, I could see the back of her dress, which reached to about halfway to her knees, was wet as it was dripping and there was a huge dark patch, which is EASILY noticable. Anyone could pick it up from a distance away. I also noticed the trails of pee had increased in frequency, meaning she was close to loosing it.

I felt my heart beat much faster and yet another hard on cuz I knew what this meant. As we came close to her place, suddenly she stopped dead in her tracks, and her legs crossed together, since her hands carried her handbag and another set of books. The threat of public embarssement had luckily eluded her today, since the street was empty of cars or people walking by. It was around 12 so a lot of people where still at work or school. Oh m god....I see her loose control for a second, more rivulets of pee rushing down those gorgeous legs of hers. She formed another small puddle on the ground before suddenly running to her house,

I laughed for some reason and chased after her, seeing the impressively sized puddle and a continues trail of pee that disappeared into the grass of the front lawn of her house. She rushed to unlock the front door, gasping, swearing and yelling at it to open as she fumbled with her house keys and kept on leaking more, which was kinda funny. "Thank god!" She yelled as it finally opened, but after getting in, she didn't make it very far. I stood there, leaning against the door, as she dropped her books and handbag on the couch, then walked for a few steps, then completely stood still, her hands grabbing her wet crotch tight.

Then, a view I've been dying to see for along time. She silently whispered in horror "No, no, no..." as she finally lost control. She tried to hold it back and failed miserably. Then the flood gates opened. I could hear her force it out like a hose pipe, while a waterfall fell down her legs on to the floor, splashing all over the place like mad. She gave in eventually, and somehow, the intensity of her loss of control increased, and the slashing doubled.

Heh. There she was, shaking slightly as she held her hands to her soaking wet crotch, bent over slightly, tears rushing down her cheeks, her legs glistening in the light, loads of pee entering her shoes, and a puddle so massive you could swim in it if you were small enough.

Again, what must have felt like a life time had passed until she was done. A few more drips and drops. Then silence. And what must have been a full two liters of yellowish urine was spread along the white tiled floor. And the scent of urine filled the entire living room.

I was stunned in silence and stunned in motion. I couldn't move, no matter how much I tried. Eventually, after a few minutes, I slowly walked to her, stepping into the yellowish puddle, watching the liquid weakly ripple as I took each step. I gently held her shoulder, and gently turned her towards me, gently coaxing her hands to let go of her wet crotch. I then gently cupped her cheeks, made her look at me and wiped the tears away.

Then... We just stood there in silence yet again, for what must have been minutes. Just looking into each others eyes. Her into my blue ones, me into her brown ones...

Then history repeated itself yet again.

But! Know this guys. I'ma very confidential guy, so even though this happened again, I still ain't gonna tell you in details. I gave you something to imagine about the first time, so use your imagination again. ;-)

What I will tell you, is that after that fiasco, I helped with a painstakingly funny clean up, then chiled with her for a while, sharing jokes, having some lunch, watching TV and just...chilling, like best friends do. And we also talked about this newfound thing. She admitted that as Mich as she will always feel embarrasses about doing this, she kinda enjoys it, plus I enjoyed watching and experiencing it for myself.

After taking a nap, with her on my shoulder for about an hour, I exited her door, with today's events still fresh in mind.

"Kamo?"

"Hmm?"

She smiled gently at me. "Please don't tell Ezra."

I smiled back. "I won't. Promise."

And just like that, I left, with me listening to my music on the way home, a fresh smile on my face.

A few more hours later...

I was playing Brutal DooM: Project Brutality, in story mode, killing these fuckers like there ain't no tomorow. "YOU WANNA PIECE OF ME?!" I yelled and laughed like a maniac as I blasted a Cyberdemon with a BFG.

Suddenly I heard a knock on the door, a rather hard knock. Furrowing my eyebrows, I paused and got up, and when I opened it, I got the shock of the day.

"Kamo." Kara said sharply as she glared at me, her hands on her hips.I found myself smiling. "Kara Sinclair. What a surprise." I said with a cocky smile as I leaned against the door.

She blushed red instantly, the day's events replaying in her mind. "We need to talk." She said sharply yet again. Yet she blushed even more. I chuckled, looked down and noticed she was still on her cheer leading uniform. And I noticed a barely noticeable wet spot on her skirt. Dried evidence of what was almost an accident. I laughed, making her blush More! "Shut up!" She yelled, and blushed even more so how!

I looked at her with a laugh. "Come in. Let's talk." I mocked as I welcomed her in. She glared at me and came in. Heh. Let's see where this goes.

The end. Or is it?

*005*2017-06-27 18:18

Nah, no stress. It's alright. I understand :-)

