The New Year Baby

Author: KuddleRalph

*000*2018-12-31 18:57

As the New year comes by, we all think of the moment the old year goes by and the new one comes in. And basically the new year is a baby everyone wants to hug and make wishes.

Imagine all the ones who are going to receive the year in costume like this!

Are you up to the challenge? In any case, here is a short story that I thought of for this occasion, the story is about how you became, "The New Year Baby"!

___

So, Imagine this:

You arrived at some relative's house to spend the new year's eve, and most of your family, if not all of it, were there to celebrate it. You got somehow excited to meet all of them and doing any activity, either videogames or watching a movie, or even chat about what is to come for the new year. With all that focus on the activity you did not realize you were having lots of drinks and snacks, nor even the ongoing build on your bladder, wanting at some point to release.

At one point one of the people playing stood up and leaves the sofa room, and not soon after, your need to go to the bathroom was noticed in a strong way, you quickly jumped up and dashed outside. Some of the people around giggled a bit. You assumed that person who left went to the bathroom beside the kitchen, so you dashed upstairs to the one beside the bedroom. But that bathroom was also occupied. As you were waiting, you could not help but hold the pee with your hand. You were really desperate to go, and the thought of having an accident on another's home with all the people around downstairs made you feel more anxious, not helping the holding.

After what it seem a long five minute wait, you placed your ears to the bathroom door, and you were hearing some snoring. Oh no! you thought, that was not a good sign! Who knows who the person was, maybe someone living at home trying to be tidy for the night and having a long weekend party..., but no wonder struggle to pee right now would not be lasting longer!

So you went downstairs and as you approached the bathroom door, a groan inside meant the one going to that bathroom would be staying a little bit more! You could not believe what what happening! So you went to the kitchen, and fortunately no one was preparing the dinner, as they ordered every meal and they were at the dining room. You desperately tried to find something to pee in, but also the idea to pee in a cup was not what you had in mind. What if someone comes in and sees you? But somehow you did not had a choice.

But as you wanted to reach up the cupboard, a strong sound came outside, as if a firework was shot outside near the house. That was enough for you to tremble in fear, eventually your bladder gave up holding, and pee spurted out of you, starting to wet your undies and whatever more you wore, going down your legs and making a noticeable puddle on the floor. You felt ashamed about what was happening, but at least you thanked it was not beside the bathroom or any carpet floor. You somehow were able to hold again but the damage was done. Not knowing what to do you were looking around, no one was coming here for a while. But suddenly you heard the door of the sofa room opening and you heard voices of one of your most outgoing relative (it could be your uncle, your brother or even some distant cousin). And then:

"So, who wants to volunteer to be the New Year's Baby?"

Everyone was laughing for a bit, but you shivered of what was said. You tried to move away from the scene, but you felt your body not responding as you wanted. You did not give a few steps when the outgoing relative came to the kitchen and rushed to you as if wanting to give a hug. But stopped to look at you, and then at your wet clothes.

"Hehe, looks like we have the perfect candidate...", you heard, as the outgoing one's sisters came in, having heard also and giggling a bit about your predicament....

You were done for.

What happened next, is that you were at the outgoing one's bedroom, while their sisters were cleaning the mess you made at the kitchen. They told you they were joking and wanted to help clean yourself up. The sisters were giggling again back then, so that was not so convincing, even when a grocery bag was beside the bedroom. So they agreed they would not tell anyone, and went to their bedroom.

But as soon as you went there, you were on the bed, not knowing what is going to happen next. Then from the grocery bag he took out a bag of diapers, and a white "new year" sash, and a big pacifier. You tried to protest but they reminded you, what you agreed, they would not tell anyone about your accident if you consent to make you wear the "new year baby" outfit. So you had no other choice but to agree. You trusted them not telling, and hoped this only be the time to wear that thing. Even by the way they changed you from the wet clothes you have to that diapered placed between your legs, it was soft and calm. They placed the wet clothes inside the bag and they just make you wear the sash over your top clothes. You could not help but pout about the idea, and by being tricked by them, but before anything else was said, they put the pacifier in your mouth. No more complaining.

After the changing, you returned to the sofa room, presented by the ongoing one and their sisters, as everyone else were awwing a lot, and telling you how cute you were and all other cute phrases. Your blushing was very present, at least you did not pretend it was not your idea.

And as the party continues, you were still playing, as normal as it is, in your New Year Baby costume, and people was not complaining about it. You were still chatting as normal and having fun as normal, the blushing you had before from the accident and from the change of costume was almost gone. Though when you wanted to have another drink, some pointed out, "watch out baby one, you don't want that diapie to get wet, aren't you?", and everyone giggled at that comment, your blushing then returning.

"Of course I won't! How could I ever have an accident or...", their outgoing one's sisters giggled a bit more, knowing what you have done at the kitchen, you turned yourself red, you could not give credit of what you were saying....

And by the time midnight was approaching, everyone went to the sofa, you sitting at the center. And when everyone got their drinks, some old tall relative arrived too, wearing a nice suit and a hat, wearing this year sash, representing the year that has to go. Sitting beside you, they were all giggling and awwing at the same time, taking photos with everyone at the family, and watching the clock at the wall. By the time the last minute went by, everyone were excited while you and the one beside were sitting, and by the countdown of twelve, you were so engrossed at the clock, you did not realize the old relative was taking off his hat, and by the time the countdown went zero, you got surprised by the wearing of the hat on your head.

Hugs and kisses were next, specially going for you, hugging you, kissing you, taking selfies, and touching your cheeks. You just felt the embarrassment on every moment. After all was over, the dancing and shouting, you were exhausted at the sofa, very sleepy also. You felt a warm hug from the old relative, and whispered to you, "Make everyone happy this year, will ya?" You hug him too. The awwing from everyone intensified by the scene, you just did not care about it.

The returning home was somehow calm, as you were sitting at the back seat. Either you were driving and others offered to drive you home, or you were a passenger the whole time. With you beside were your wet clothes, and you covered your legs with a cute blanket. As the travel went by, you got marveled by the post lights how they were passing by in intermittent rhythm. That make you quickly fall asleep, all with that trance and deep sensation, little you care that your bladder was giving in again, as you let go all the pee from what you were drinking at the party, heavily wetting your diaper. At some stop the ones driving looked up to you and smiling a bit, even the blanket fell off, showing the soggy diaper it became from the wetting.

All the excitement was too much for you, but you just felt so relaxed, you somehow like the sensation, and as you truly fell asleep, you remembered the old relative's word of making everyone happy, you just think:

"This is truly going go be an amazing year...."

