An insane surprise at the beach

Author: Kronosphere

*000*2017-07-04 11:23

Hi guys, I've been lurking around for really long, and have been reading amazing stories. I have some wild fantasies for myself, so I figure why not write them down into stories. So here it is, my first contribution to the site. I haven't written fanfictions for long so if the language is rusty, sorry. Also, in this I'd incorporate another fetish of mine, sorry if it ruins the mood.

###

I've been seeing my girlfriend, Alice, for the last half a year. I've had a crush on her for long; I love her cute round face, her huge glasses, her petite body, her quirky personality. She was, what I would call, a little pile of cuteness. It was senior year, and I figured, there wasn't anything to lose, so I pulled up my courage to ask her out, and by RNGesus blessings, she said yes! So, here we are, having done with our exams, out of school, and still madly in love.

Enough on our relationship. Alice is an Asian girl, with a skin tone fairer than most girls around; just a mere 5", with black straight hair flowing down until her waist. She always sports a huge-framed pair of glasses, which looks amazing on her tiny round face. The cutest girlfriend I could ever ask for.

We've planned for this trip to the beach for months. Just two of us, no parents, no friends. It took some, and I mean a real lot of convincing, but our parents finally agreed to let us go. We took a train to the beach town, and shared a dirt cheap motel room together. For a few days, things were perfect. Alice by my side, we play on the beach, hike mountains, ride bikes along the windy shores, and fall asleep cuddling each other.

It was the third day of our vacation. Today we were heading over to a secluded section of the beach, where not so many tourists know of, since the way in is a dirt trail out of nowhere separating from the main street. I just happened to find this place while checking out Google satellite map. We packed our small sling bags with swimwear and spare clothes, and headed out. We arrived in less than an hour, indeed, the entire area was empty for miles.

Alice suddenly winked at me and whispered "I have a little surprise for you!"

"What's that?" I asked "Just go and get changed, you'll see! And don't peep!" She naughtily responded. So I found a bush, stripped off my clothes and put on my swimming trunk. I walked back out, waiting for Alice. And holy shit...

She was wearing our full school uniform! White blouse, a form fitting, navy blue knee length skirt, a navy blue tie, knee socks and finished with black loafers. She looked... stunning. Like an angel, in that uniform, in this place out of nowhere. I had a hard on in a microsecond; she just smiled and said "I figure you deserve a little treat". My tongue just tied itself in my mouth and I couldn't say a word.

We sat down along the tree line, watching the beach, hand in hand. I can't stop staring at her pristine white blouse and neatly pressed skirt; she knew it and just smiled the whole time. We talked, talked a lot, about our memories in high school, our plans, our future together etc. And after a while, I realised she was constantly shifting around.

"What's with that...uh... shuffling? Ants or something?" I asked. "Well let's just say... I had a lot to drink this morning, and now I'm pretty kinda have a lot of water down there..." I had the hardest erection in my life, and before I could ask, she said "Yeah, I know about your... peculiar fetish. I saw it on your phone once, when you left it open". I was totally red by then. "It's all right" she said "let's just talk for a bit more".

A few minutes later, she blurted out "It's... I'm about to wet!". And without saying a thing, she jumped onto my lap. Her butt, covered with the soft material of the skirt, was rubbing onto my penis. She was bending over, pressing down hard on the front hem. "You're ok?"

"NO, I'm going to... It's leaking!" A hiss was heard, and her bottom had a damp spot. I can feel it directly on my bare thigh. "It won't stop!" She kept straining, holding hard onto the skirt, but it was useless. Hiss after hiss, spurt after spurt came out, in less than ten seconds, there was a large enough wet patch. It was spreading all over, even wetting my swimming trunk. She managed to stem the flow for a bit, turn around and with a smile, asked me "that was amazing, isn't it? I still have a bladder full down there!" I was totally mute, and could only respond with a nod. My swimming trunk was already creamed at that point. And for the next five minutes, it was heaven on earth. None of us said a single word; Alice was still there with her soaked skirt, and releasing her bladder spurt by spurt. She sure was holding a lot; by the end, her skirt was totally soaked front to back, even the bottom of her blouse was damp.

I felt like the luckiest man on earth, having this 'pile of cuteness' sitting on me, now with a completely soaked skirt. We just stayed there, resumed with our small talk, while I was constantly rubbing her wet skirt, savouring the wetness and the glistening fabric. Then after a while, she stood up and declared "I have to wash this off, or else it's ruining my uniform!" And headed straight for the water. She nonchalantly stepped in, first wetting her shoes, and the socks, up to knee level. “It’s so cold, come in with me!” I dashed in immediately and hugged her, well, more like pounced on her. She lost balance and fell off, and in a moment, her entire uniform was soaking wet. We hugged and kissed and cuddled, playing in the waves, my bare skin rubbing against her soaking wet uniform, it was indeed, heavenly. For a while, I just wanted this to last forever, I’d even die right here, right now, in the arms of Alice and her wet uniform.

It was noon. The sun was already high up, Alice and I was tired. We decided it was time to head back to our hotel. I grabbed my bag and went behind a bush, wiped myself off, and changed back to street clothes. When I was done, I realized Alice was still standing there, in her wet clothes. “Why aren’t you changing?”

“Nah, I like it this way. It feels good. I won’t get sick, it’s warm here”. Knowing I can’t make her change her mind, and I honestly wouldn’t want either, I just said “Then let’s go home!”. We walked past the trail, back onto the main road and headed back. Alice didn’t seem to mind the uniform flapping around, sticking to her thigh as she walked. The tropical sun was intense enough that, by the time we was almost back, her uniform was completely dry! Except for the bits of sand and wrinkles, no one could have known she just soaked that outfit with pee and sea water.

As we cross the park near the hotel, Alice tugged my arm with a shy smile. “What is it?” I asked “Well, I sorta, have to like, pee again, really bad”

“Well, just pee then, I guess” I replied, with a naughty smirk, and Alice got it. She squatted down on the grass, without even getting the skirt out of the way, and just peed through it. “Well, save the rest for later!” she said, as she stood up just after a few seconds of peeing, but enough to soak the back of her skirt. And with that, she casually walked in front of me on the way back, teasing me with her butt, the glistening skirt hugging it tightly, and the occasional desperation dance.

We entered our room, and I, at this point, pumped with adrenaline and whatever dozens of hormones, told her “Now, show me what you have, will you?” Without a word, Alice pressed down on the front hem, and peed out the rest onto the floor, streams of pee flowing through the front of her skirt and through her palm. She sat down on her puddle, made a fake but extremely cute cry, and whimpered “I’ve been a bad student…punish me”. I couldn’t hold it anymore, tore off my clothes, lifted up her skirt and went down on her right there, with the uniform still on. That was the moment when I understood the meaning of ‘ecstasy’

