Maria's Diaper

Author: KittySmilez

*000*2016-06-26 03:20

Before l start the fanfiction, imma be really happy if anyone sees this because i'm still a newbie.. Ma crap needs to be approved. Anyway, on with the story. I know, my writing skills suck. :

Chloe sat by the oversized crib, laughing and putting Maria into a diaper. "N-no! You can't force me to wear a-a diaper!" Maria said, struggling and trying to get it off. Chloe put the diaper on, and grinned. "Too late, it's on now. And even try to take it off, I will make your life a fucking living HELL." Maria groaned. "Can I at least wear some pants over it?" Chloe shook her head. "No, I need to make sure you ALWAYS wear it. No pants." She managed to pick up Maria and put her on the floor. "And the bathroom is off-limits, the only one is upstairs, and you can't get up there. I catch you trying to get up there, and you. Are. Dead." Maria sighed, and walked off. (A few hours later) Maria had eaten a very large lunch, and also consumed a good amount of juice. Right now she was sitting in front of the TV, watching some retarded baby show Chloe put on for her. Maria froze up when she felt pressure near her butt. She attempted to hold it in, but gave up.

"Well, Chloe banned me from the bathroom, and I am wearing a diaper.." She sighed, squatted down, and pushed. A rather large amount of waste piled into her diaper, crinkling, but leaving a decent amount of space left, but it did smell. Maria sat back down, and actually enjoyed the squish. Chloe walked in the room, and immediately noticed Maria had messed the diaper. "Well, i'm glad to see someones using their diaper. By the way, you aren't getting changed until tonight. Make the diaper last." (That night) Maria refused when Chloe tried to change her, even though eer diaper was messed. The next morning she woke up to a large breakfast, likely an attempt from Chloe to see how full her diaper could get.

She managed to cram it all into her stomach, and Chloe made her sit and watch yet another stupid baby TV show while she had fun with her friends. But when lunch came around, it was yet another big meal. Maria aad been holding her poop since breakfast, and skipped lunch. "I.. Um, just not hungry." Maria said, sighing and resuming the baby show. She actually though it was barely cute. When she dropped the remote, she realized squatting would just make her bowels empty, as that is what happened. Her hole expanded as large amounts of waste piled into her diaper, crinkling and filling all avaliable space. Maria attempted to cut it off when her diaper was completely full, but it kept piling in. It was impossible to move, or it would spill. Chloe marched over, removed Marias diaper, cleaned her up, and put her in a new one. And right off the bat, Maria soaked the diaper, sighing as warmth flooded her diaper. "I.. Actually am enjoying this." (End of chapter.

