Parker's Second Ultrasound- Spiritual Sequel

Author: Karageth2

*000*2023-05-20 02:00

Hello, long (long!)-time lurker, first time writer. This originally just came out of an alternate ending I suddenly made one night purely for my own enjoyment. Then I thought, well that was exciting, what if I just started a whole new thing fresh...? And was inspired (by my dick, I imagine) to churn this out. Please excuse any odd formatting. Hopefully I can edit things if need be, this is my first real post here, I have no idea what I'm doing.

Anyway, Please enjoy!

All credit goes to Kasey (https://www.omorashi.org/profile/223054-kasey/) for the original work:

$/86264-parkers-ultrasound/

This is basically a fanfiction-y spiritual sequel. Not really authorized in any way, hopefully you don't mind, I really enjoyed the original story!

"Parker's Second Ultrasound"

Unfortunately, despite my best efforts at clever schedule arrangement, Parker was my second-to-last patient that day, weeks later.

“Parker! Come on in,” He got up from his seat in the waiting room and entered, already seeming much more in control than the last time I'd seen him. There was a pinkness coloring his cheeks, but I suspected it was more embarrassment at seeing me again than from expending effort. Hands were calm enough at his sides, he walked almost casually, but there was a visible stiffness in his gait that meant he would definitely love to have a piss right now.

I couldn't help but pout in my head. Due to the patient I had after him, I wouldn't be able to stretch out his appointment to devote any extra care today. As much as I longed to keep him here until he was writhing on my table again, I really would have to get a completed examination out of him this time. I was hardly worried about Parker causing any trouble; he was far too submissive and humiliated about his prior accident to complain or even mention it to anyone. But if I brought a patient back for a fourth time after a third apparently failed attempt, a superior or some bean-counter might notice the name repeating. It could be played off, but the game was subtle manipulations, if I wanted to carry on with my brand of fun.

"It's good to see you again, Parker," I smiled smokily, teasing, as he shimmied up onto the table. "I apologize I wasn't able to get you in for the last slot today. I know you prefer the privacy." The cute little freckles on his face were nearly swallowed by the burning redness that swept up to his ears. No doubt, he was conjuring images of the last time he had been in this room, on this table, helplessly unleashing his raging piss. He quickly turned away, unable to meet my provocative gaze. Maybe just a trick of the light, but I could have sworn I saw his dick twitch beneath his gray sweatpants.

"Oh, um.. yeah. It's okay, don't worry about it," he mumbled awkwardly, shifting in his seat and still studiously ignoring me. Oh, this precious boy.

"Well, I'm sure you know the drill by now, sweetheart. Expose that belly, and I'll get you gooped up." Nerves were clearly affecting him, when he jerkily tugged his pants down too far, exposing his cock to the naked air. And my appreciative look. I suddenly realized how much I missed this little playthi-.. my patient. He hurriedly pulled them to the correct height and adjusted himself. Pretending not to see his fumbling, I busied myself getting the gel applicator. I hesitated, then put some into my hand, opting to apply it hands-on instead. If I couldn't have my extra time, I was going to enjoy what I had. I smeared it on, taking extra care to cover him fully, probing my fingers around his bladders' curves and slope. It was certainly firm, but I also knew what he was truly capable of. He was maintaining his composure well, only fidgeting a bit before I was satisfied. But let's see how long he can keep that up...

A quick wash at the sink, and back to business. I checked the probe and set to work moving it around on his middle. Before I could plan my next move, I noticed from the monitor that he was just a hair below the ideal level to get the readings required. In reality, this was a meaningless difference. I could see everything needed. But he was technically under... I was just barely able to hold down the devious grin that ached to split my face. Shifting smoothly into my new plan, I put on a puzzled expression, and hummed to myself in mock concern. Parker finally glanced up at me. I shifted the probe once more before humming again decisively and setting it back in its cradle. He was attentive now.

"Are we done? That was quick..." He watched, relieved, as I wiped the gel off him with a paper towel.

"Nope! You naughty boy, you didn't follow your instructions," I said playfully. "You aren't full enough for what we need."

"I, I drank plenty! The recommended amount," he protested.

"Sorry hon, maybe you did, maybe you didn't, but it apparently didn't make it to your bladder," I gave said organ a poke, reveling in the wince that followed.

“Get those pants back up and... Here,” I handed him a 4oz specimen cup from my supplies on the counter. “We need to get some more water into you. Sorry, best I've got; but it's new, completely sterile. And it's small, so fill this up at least eight times at the drinking fountain in the waiting room and we’ll see how things look after I take care of my next patient.”

“I really have to go now! How isn't it enough to- I can't drink all that too!”

“I’m sorry Parker, but it's just how it is. I need your bladder at the correct fullness to get a good picture. So it needs to be all eight, just to be sure. Be a good boy, get that water in you, and I promise I’ll bring you back in as quick as I can."

"But, but...!" he tried again.

"Parker!" I said sternly and grabbed hold of his chin. "You know you need this check-up done, I can't do it as you are, and we can't just keep rescheduling because you don't want to cooperate! That being said, I'll ask... Did you have anywhere you needed to be after you were done here?"

"N-no..." he admitted.

"All right, good. We're getting it handled today then. Go follow my instructions, while I get things reset for my next appointment. But don't drink too fast! Don't want to get a tummy-ache." I smiled privately. We both knew his stomach was not going to be his main concern in just a short while.

The consistent blush coloring his face drained away as his fate sunk in, and was replaced by frightened paleness. He stared down into the empty cup and slowly turned as I guided him to the door. It closed behind him and I set about cleaning the equipment and getting things ready for... I checked the next set of records... 28 year old woman, Sarah Brinkman.

###

I spent a fair ten minutes getting ready, decent time for Parker to have done as he was told. I opened my door with a friendly smile and announced to the waiting room:

"All right, Sarah, I'm ready for you!"

"Oh, thank God!" I heard her mutter under her breath as she hopped up and rushed past me into the office. She had her small purse held in a death-grip in front of her crotch and her thighs pressed tight together, making a swushing sound with her leggings. Very tight leggings; with no panty-lines to be seen. Saucy girl. Parker was across the room, starting to fill what must be his final cup of water. I lingered on him a moment, then turned to follow the fidgety brunette. She was already up on the table, leaning forward and shifting constantly.

"Good afternoon, Sarah. How are we doing today?"

"Mmmmm, afternoon.. Doing fff-fine!" she forced out, fooling no one.

"Good to hear! I can see you're ready, so let's get started. I just need you to lay back and lift your shirt a little. And your waistband down to just below your pubic bone, please." She complied and lay back gingerly. Just the same, she grunted when she was fully reclined.

" SHIT, " she sucked air through her teeth. "Oh, I'm sorry! I just need to go so baaad!" She moaned, worriedly rubbing her hands on her leggings. Only just resisting the urge to plunge them between her legs. I chuckled amiably.

"Believe me, I've seen and heard it all, honey! Don't worry about it." After a moment, she had collected herself enough to complete her instructions, and revealed what she was wrestling with. She had the build of a devoted athlete; medium-small breasts, slim but muscular hips, and she was lightly tanned on her beautifully toned midriff, made all the flatter-seeming by the bloated bulge pushing up below it. Easily the size of a softball and just as firm. On her small frame, it was almost obscene.

"My my, you weren't kidding," I commented. She just nodded.

"I was keeping hydrated all day... I had my run earlier," A few trickles of sweat escaped her hairline and streaked her pretty face. If I were more into women, I would have been soaking through my panties with arousal. As it was, they were only partially damp. Such a display on this gorgeous woman couldn't be denied all affect.

But I did have a job to do, and a particular young man currently bursting with excitement for me to finish, so I applied the blue gel and began the examination. Sarah shuddered hard at the cool touch of the applicator, legs crossed at the ankle and her strong thighs squeezing ever tighter at the probe's light touch on her skin. She was attempting to keep her breathing even and regular, trying to simply endure the pain, but it was quickly turning into short gasps as she struggled to keep herself still and dry. I split my attention between the monitor and drinking in her frantic battle. Unsurprisingly, she was overfull, but I was able to see what I needed from her. Her check-up was for something different than Parker's.

Sarah's desperate sounds and the electronic hum of the equipment faded to the background as I couldn't help thinking of how Parker must be doing. How full he must be now. As that extra water I demanded of him trickling down into his already full bladder. Stretching it even further. How he must be clenching his little cock tight, curled up in his seat, rocking back and forth. Or maybe was he squeezing himself, both hands, as he skipped back and forth, potty dancing wildly and praying nobody was going to walk in and see him in such an embarrassing position.

A loud groan of distress shook me out of my daydream. I realized I had drifted off staring at the monitor. And I hadn't moved the ultrasound probe for the past minute and was putting extra pressure on Sarah's bladder. She had her fingers dug into the cushion beneath her and one knee raised up over the other in a panic.

"Oh dear me," I said, recovering quickly. "I'm so sorry about that, I thought I saw something, had to get a closer look."

"Mmm," she whimpered, and only nodded again, face screwed into a tight-lipped grimace, sweating more now. Despite my daydreaming, I believed I'd gotten all I needed from her. She was finished up here and ready to be released. In more ways than one.

Right as the probe left her skin, there was a sharp hiss between her clamped legs. The gray material tucked into her crotch became a darker shade glistening with wetness. Abandoning any embarrassment, her hands flew immediately to her pussy, jamming her fingers up between her lips as far as they would go. Despite the added outer pressure, another spurt escaped. A pause. Then a longer one. She moaned loudly in agony. Her legs were held ramrod straight, but her body as a whole was vibrating with effort. Sweat was streaming down her face, plastering hair to her forehead. A third jet spurted out around the finger tight against her pee hole, the longest yet. This girl was racing past her limits and I couldn't stop watching her crash right into the finish line. Sarah swung herself off the table and hopped from foot to foot in a frenzied dance, hair flying wildly.

"I have to go, Ihavetogo, please, PLEASE, I have to PEE!" she nearly shouted.

"Of course, you're finished, go, go!" to say otherwise would be unprofessional, of course. The squirming young woman pried one hand from her crotch and flung the door open to crash into the wall. Across the waiting room outside, Parker paused in his own dance. He was hunched over, legs twisted, dripping sweat, one hand on his knee and one inside his pants, gripping his cock for all he was worth. Looks like I was right, I though to myself. The head of his cock was held forward in his fist, making a visible impression on his sweatpants. A small dark spot bloomed as his grip wavered in shock at the sudden noise. His wide eyes were locked on the doorway in alarm.

Sarah, meanwhile, lurched out and to the left, toward where the single unisex restroom waited down a short hall. However, her legs were so tightly contorted and clumsy from panic, as she tried to run, her right foot got caught on her left and she pitched forward to the floor. Luckily, her honed reaction time was fast enough to throw her hands out to catch herself. She stayed like that, on all fours, for a brief moment that felt like an eternity. There was a high pitched sound coming from her throat, and it was plain to see this was her final effort. I could almost imagine a deep rumbling sound building, like a boiler was rapidly pressurizing until the bolts fired off, seams burst, and blew the roof into space. I wasn't far off.

With a sharp cry, her dam finally broke and boiling hot piss gushed from her pussy, clattering loudly on the linoleum floor. It sprayed out of her like a power washer on 11, forcing its way through the sodden material of her leggings as if they weren't even there. The way her hips were positioned, the stream was firing down and behind her, pushing her puddle back past my doorway where I stood gaping. It almost seemed to get stronger as she let loose a guttural moan, the smallest feeling of relief finally beginning in the base of her brain.

Then her back arched, her body involuntarily trying to curl in on itself to bear down and mechanically force her bladder to empty faster. She relaxed slightly, then a contraction caught her again and brought her hips forward with a grunt, then again, and again for a fourth time, groaning raggedly with each one. Her own body worked her like a bellows, forcing the piss out in surging bursts. At long last, she seemed spent and the flow petered out. She sat there, hands and knees in a warm pool of her own making, head down, huffing like she had run a marathon.

I gave her a moment, then approached and lay a comforting hand on her back. Apparently, that one small touch was enough to break her concentration and trip a hair-trigger deep inside she had felt rising, and a different dam broke. Her legs clamped together with a squelch and she tightened up again, fingers flexing and breath caught fast in her throat. One foot twitched pitifully behind her. She let out a tiny gasp and shuddered in place for a long moment. Slowly her seized muscles released and she swayed, now truly spent. I steadied her around the middle before she could tip over and get a face full of her own pee. I could only squat there and blink for a few seconds. I don't think she or I was expecting that. That piss must have really been something.

"Sarah..? Are you all right?" I murmured. She blinked up at me blearily, struggling to get her bearings after such an... experience.

"Um, I..." she cleared her throat, still in shock. "I... am so so sorryyy. I just couldn't hold anymore... it hurt so bad. And-and then I... I couldn't....it just hit me... right in front of you... holy shit, just kill me now..." A few tears plinked down into the piss puddle. Gentle sobs began to shake her shoulders as I stroked her back and took stock. The full puddle stretched a few feet out in every direction, more past my office. Her leggings were now basically a complete darker shade, soaked from the pressurized release and absorbed off the floor.

And I had almost forgotten the other occupant in the waiting room...

Parker seemed rooted to his spot, apparently not having moved since the door first swung open. Just staring in horror, as he still was, at the pretty girl forcefully voiding what he so desperately wanted to as well. He was still clutching at his cock in his pants, but it now jutted forward erect, and his wet spot had snaked a thin line down his pant leg to the knee. As if sensing my attention, he suddenly came back to himself and remembered his complaining bladder. He hunched forward again, renewing his desperate battle, and re-moistening his wet spot with another leak.

"Sarah... Sarah, it's okay honey, you're okay," I consoled, and helped her rise to her wobbly legs. "It can happen to anyone. You should have seen our ultrasound training days in medical school. We had to practice on each other for hours!" And I continued a bit louder, "But you feel a lot better now, don't you? Relieved at last. All that pressure gone, you probably feel so much lighter!" I smiled at Parker, who was now kneading his cock to keep his own waters in. Sarah half-nodded morosely, still sniffling. I escorted her on towards the facilities. "How about you get cleaned up as you can in the restroom and- do you feel okay to drive home?" A nod. "All right. And really, you can barely tell at a distance. If you go out the back here, no one will be the wiser, I promise."

"Mhmm... th-thanks," she said wetly. And tottered into the restroom. I turned back to take care of Parker, at last. Who was delirious with desperation by this point. His kidneys had done their job superbly and were working through all the water he had dutifully choked down, shoving it through into his bladder until the organ stood out proudly between his hips, taut as a drum. He was standing shakily at the edge of the puddle. He had himself pulled out over his waistband and seemed to be trying to hype himself up to piss on the floor.

"PARKER. You put that thing back right now!" I whisper-shouted, feeling like a dog owner with a misbehaving pet. In his strained mind, he thought he could sneakily relieve some pressure into the mess already there. He gave a start as he heard me. And quickly yanked his sweatpants back up, waistband pulled purposefully above his bulge, and immediately pinched the end of his dick again from the outside.

"But, I-! I can't wait, I caaan't... " He moaned out piteously, shaking his head back and forth. Yet, he still was. I quickly splashed over and seized him by the shoulders.

"You can and you will," I commanded. "Let's get this done, sweetie. You've been such a good boy so far, don't ruin it now." And firmly herded him into my office, making tiny waves in the lake of piss with his shuffling feet. I kicked the door shut behind us and slid the children's step stool up to the table. In his state, I knew he wouldn't make it up himself.

Shaking and shivering as he was though, I still had to help steady him. Before he sat down on the edge, I said, "First, we'll just get these out of our way entirely, yes?" Like a flash, I grabbed either side of his sweatpants and shucked them to his heels in one motion, dislodging his hand in the process. He squeaked in alarm and a quick shot of piss sizzled just past my face, which was now at crotch level. His bladder was truly incredible from this close vantage, it was now stretching the whole area between his hips and pushed out a solid inch or so, nearly covering his dangling penis in the shadow it cast. I gave his cock a hard flick as I straightened.

"Hey. Do not piss on the tech," I admonished, but he hardly noticed. His eyes were screwed shut and cock pressed between palms tucked tight between his thighs, both to hold himself shut and try to hide himself in embarrassment. He moaned lowly as he forced back a further leak.

"All right, now lay down, I'll get you checked out. And then you can let out allll that pee," He nodded, still concentrating, and eased his bare ass on and swung his legs up. I slid his bunched up underwear, pants, and slip-on shoes all the way off and tossed them on the counter. Parker now lay shivering in exertion and cold on the table, naked from the waist down. He had a white-knuckled grip on his cock, sweat oozing from every pore on his body. Bare dancing legs crossed one over the other, then the other way, one knee popped up for a moment, they twisted tight around each other, then stretched out flat; just trying to find a position that offered any relief. Wide eyes tracked me as I got the gel and probe out. I would have to be extra gentle, he seemed fit to pop at any moment. The gel slid smooth onto his heated body and he groaned as the applicator softly kissed his stretched skin.

Had he been in a clearer state of mind, he would have long realized that if he was too full for the exam last time, he was definitely too full right now. As it was, he couldn't retain a thought beyond the retention of his piss. I was under no impression I would be able to get anything useful yet either; but I just couldn't help myself not to play it out anyway. It was almost sad toying with him like this, but my nethers swimming in steaming arousal did not care a whit. Gel done, now there was a problem. Two shaking forearms were stretched over the area I needed to probe.

"Sweetie, your arms are in my way, I need you to let go of your cock." The look he shot me was pure disbelief.

"No, no I can't! It's too much! I can't!" he whimpered, squeezing at his dick rhythmically.

"Parker, you are not a child! Adults can hold their piss without grabbing at their junk. Get your hands off! Now!" He choked out half a sob, scrunched his eyes shut, and slammed his arms down to the table at his sides. They quivered there, longing to dart back down to squeeze again. I wouldn't be surprised if his fingernails had drawn blood with how tightly his fists were clenched.

With arms unable to help, his legs twined themselves around each other, trying desperately to do it alone. His pelvis lifted off the table, then settled back again. He let out a truly agonized groan. "Thank you, sweetheart," I cooed. The probe came down and delicately traveled its course. I rested my offhand ever so faintly on the base of his bulging bladder. I could almost feel his sphincter fluttering in fatigue, as his cock jumped with each spasm and little squirts leaked out every few seconds. His breath was coming in short gasps, face burning red and shining with sweat, straining himself beyond belief to keep his piss contained with that one tiny ring of aching muscle at the exit of his bladder.

I continued swiping across him, relishing his performance, but I finally relented. Despite not once looking at the monitor, I pretended I just noticed something and clucked my tongue, taking the probe away.

"Tsk... ... -Oh fine, Parker, use your hands." The latest burgeoning leak was cut off as he rammed his hand over his cock, bending the pliable hose over itself and clamping down on it to stem the flow.

"Well, it seems you overdid it, naughty boy. Now you've got too much piss in you." For a split second, he shot me a furious look, resent and indignant anger flaring in his eyes, but it was quickly smothered in a fresh wash of tortured desperation. I continued, "We'll have to let some of that out, so I can check you correctly."

"Ba-bathroom?" A faint sparkle of hope glinted in his scrunched face.

"No, Parker. Sarah's likely still in there and I won't have you bothering the poor woman." He seemed about to sob. "No, you're going to do it in here. With this," I held up another of the specimen cups from earlier. He either wasn't thinking about how precious little that cup could hold or he was so eager for any relief that he didn't care what size it was, as long as it could receive liquid.

He nodded, and squeaked emphatically, "Please!"

@@"All right, but only in the container! You wouldn't want to make a mess on my floor again, right?" I couldn't help but tease. He awkwardly scooted himself off the table as fast as the sloshing weight between his legs would allow and stood on the floor next to it, dancing about like he stood on hot coals. I handed him the cup and he got into position, tucked close to the table in a vain attempt to maintain some level of privacy to do his business. I could have pretended to humor his efforts and look away, but he wasn't paying attention to me anyway. He aimed his shaking cock as best he could, and finally let go. The piss ripped out him, drilling loudly into the small plastic container, which was filled to the brim in scant seconds. He grunted as he tried to pinch off the flow, but the head poking out of his tight fist spat another fat stream onto the floor. And then a second. His body had finally tasted a little relief and it burned to continue. A third hot spurt. His eyes flicked around in sheer panic, looking for something -Anything!- to help him, when he realized five more cups sat on the surface next to him. A measly four ounces were obviously not going to get him to the target volume, so I had laid out all the cups I had at hand. The young man set the full one on the table and snatched up the next to hold ready under his dick. Piss gushed at once into clear plastic. In a stroke of desperate genius, he let his cock hang on its own and grabbed the third cup with his unoccupied hand. Without slowing his stream, he swapped in the empty cup just as the second one started to overflow and set it next to the first one on the table. He continued juggling through them like that until all six cups were on the table, full of steaming urine. After enjoying such a long uninterrupted stream, his bladder shrieked all the louder when he clamped down again. I was almost sure he would scream as well. Doubled over and trembling dick held tight once more. Stock-still and focused entirely on maintaining control, he had to let a short burst out that had managed to force its way into his dammed up urethra. After a long half-minute, a single drop hung shining at the tip, but no more escaped. He managed to heave an unsteady breath as the thundering wave of urgency passed enough for his mind to clear of its blind panic. Parker's bladder still felt horribly full and on the verge of surrender, but at least he could think again.

I let out my own deep breath. I had enjoyed seeing that. To my practiced eye, the bulge appeared much closer to an acceptable level now. I joined him on his side of the table to collect the piss cups. But first, I embraced him from behind to run my fingers up and down his chest, "You did so well, sweetie. But you did leak on the floor." He yelped when I gave his ass a solid stinging smack. "I'll clear it off and then back up on the table, boy."

We both got ourselves into position, and I was about to begin when...

"Parker," I began testily. "You're blocking me again."

"I'm sorry! I still really really have to pee!" I huffed lightly and stroked my hand along his upper thigh.

"Mmmm... I guess you sure do, at that... Remember what we did last time to help you hold it?" My fingernails traced farther upward. Now I gently massaged his balls, and they began to tighten up in response.

"Y-yes..." he answered hesitantly, his mouth suddenly and ironically feeling a bit dry.

"Well... get it started then," I prompted, adding a little huskiness to my voice. I continued caressing his sac as I gave his inner thigh a few kisses and a quick lick. His erection began to build, hidden under his hand, until it was too uncomfortable to keep forced down, where he let it out to spring skyward. He kept his hand wrapped around it but seemed afraid to go further. Embarrassment with doing yet another very private act in front of me warred with the visual and feeling of my head so close to his crotch, hot breath wafting across his sensitive areas. A bit impatient, I moved in closer and dragged my tongue on his balls, tasting the salty tang of his sweat. From the back of the young man's throat came a soft moan, different than what I'd heard from him so far today. Just a few more seconds of that and his cock was throbbing hard. Even if he wasn't cooperating, that should block off his piss for a time.

"There you go, big boy, keep it in." I straightened and started my exam. When his erection started to flag a little from overriding piss pressure, I moved his hand off and wrapped my own slim fingers around. I had no qualms giving him a few tugs if he wouldn't do his part. The reluctant moans were part pleasure, part pain. Parker's bladder was still aching full, but decently reduced enough for me to work. He was still struggling with it nonetheless. I passed the probe back and forth, taking care to focus where I needed and make sure he was looking up to snuff in there. All the while, I kept a steady stroking of his cock, keeping him hard and the piss locked up. An impressive display of dexterity on my part.

Meanwhile, liquid was still getting filtered out by two well-exercised kidneys; the last of the water he had drank earlier. As time went on for the examination, his bladder was refilling. It seemed at an exponential pace, as if the body was making up for lost time now that it knew some space had been made. Parker was becoming increasingly agitated, his reddened cheeks and sweating had kicked back in with force. Between my hand on his cock and his bladder inflating, he had two burning needs fighting for release. I slowed my stroking as I struggled to make out what I could through the increasing bladder size. It was near impossible by now, but I had experience and this was the final chance for getting this exam done.

Suddenly, he grunted and a squirt of piss jumped from his hard cock and drenched my hand in hot urine.

"Parker, I haven't finished yet! You hold that piss in, young man," I snapped.

@@"Sorry!" He panted. "But I have to go- ... -fucking bad!" The blush had reached his ears again, painting him all in fire engine red. One heel was juddering a wild tattoo on the table as his legs shook uncontrollably. He shivered and shook all over, tearing between desperate need and frantic desire. His cock was fiery rod in my hand, which I now held still, simply squeezing him closed. I could feel his muscles clench through it, pushing and flexing against my hand. Holding back the surging ocean of pee or trying to reach an approaching orgasm, I couldn't tell. I doubt he could either. He let out whimpering moans with each panicked breath. His face was twisted into a horribly pained grimace as what felt like gallons of piss rammed on the same gate that his churning balls wanted to blast cum through. A hot prickling sensation climbed up his spine to the back of his head, making him tingle all over as his body felt ready to, he was sure, literally explode. The feeling spread out and down to fill his trunk and limbs with crackling, numbing energy. Fingers lost feeling while they dug hysterically into the cushion beneath him.

During this rising turmoil, I kept my eyes on the monitor to get the last imaging of his raging insides. I could barely see at this point, but finally it was done. He was hale and hearty, no problems to be seen at all. I raised the probe off his squirming, writhing body and let go of his steely cock.

"Okay, Parker. Looks like you're all good. We're done," I declared. His watering eyes darted to me and took a long second to grasp at the words that sluggishly worked through his waterlogged brain. He almost seemed to comprehend for a moment,

@@Then all at once, his stomach muscles tightened and he half sat up as a long and powerful silver jet shot up from his erect dick. It nearly reached the ceiling before it all crashed back down again, dousing him, the table, and me. The stream paused a moment, as he strained to stop, but it geysered up regardless, arcing down again to splash all of us. He let out a cry. Abruptly, the torrent dwindled and cut off, as if something had closed off its path. Cock rigidly twitched a few times, but nothing escaped. He was tipping over the edge. Parker flopped back to the table and gripped tight onto the sides of it. He began to tremble as his ass cheeks clenched and stabbed his rock hard cock toward the ceiling. His brown eyes bulged and crept into the back of his head. His mouth dropped open and chin jutted out, for only a hoarse croak to escape. At last, muscles in his groin contracted forcefully, and a blast of cum erupted from his dick. It flew straight up to splatter down onto his own shirt. Hips bucked in spastic jerks with each mighty spurt that blasted cum with unbelievable power to splash down around him. I counted at least eight, reducing in volume with each, but the last was longer and clearer. Internal plumbing was forced to immediately switch gears as his bladder now exerted all its strength to void. His wildly confused system took that great forceful pressure as a sign to begin another round of orgasmic contractions. His hard cock continued to jolt, but now shot piss up into the air in quick bursts like he was cumming it out. It obviously felt so, as his head was still thrown back in ecstasy and his whole body spasmed. Each fat burst hissed as it escaped his highly pressurized pee hole. Eventually, his cock heaved a final time and the rhythmic shower was over.

Parker lay boneless on the table, chest heaving as he could finally start to catch his breath. His eyes were closed in euphoric bliss and exhaustion. It looked like his bladder bump was near smooth again, but not completely flat even now. I couldn't be surprised, that was hardly a normal way to empty a bladder. Obviously he wasn't feeling it urgently, though; he almost seemed dead asleep, if anything.

My white jacket had more than a few wet patches decorating its surface. I had tried to step back a bit when the fireworks had begun, but there was only so much room to escape that steamy golden shower. Although, it wasn't very golden with how hydrated he had been, and you could barely smell a hint of it. I slipped my outer layer off to avoid any more soaking into my scrubs underneath. My panties were also wet, but... that wasn't pee... I just had to give my slick folds a quick rub to partly satisfy the aching tingle. I shivered, then collected myself and went to stand at Parker's side with my arms crossed under my breasts.

I waited there for a time, shifting my weight a bit, until his breathing began to normalize. I softly cleared my throat. His eyes peeled open, one at a time, and he seemed to have trouble focusing on anything. Slowly, vision cleared and he could see me staring down at him, a few random locks of hair wet and matted down to my scalp. One hung dangling in front of my face. The fiery blush returned once more, this time pure horrified shame and embarrassment. He knew what happened.

My things squeezed together briefly as I bent forward at the waist. I leaned in close to his face and grabbed his chin roughly.

"Parker... dear boy. I thought I told you... not to piss on the technician," I snarled. Wide brown eyes flicked between my own blue in terror. A feral grin bared my teeth. "You're not getting off from that scot-free." I pushed him away and stepped back. I slipped out of my shoes and stuffed my socks into them. Dainty feet patted on the cold floor. Looking him right in the eyes, I then hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my scrub pants and slide them down slowly, revealing the jet black panties underneath. An extra shine in the gusset where they were soaked with my arousal. I pressed a needed hand up against myself for a moment, then slid the panties down as well, pushing my ass out provocatively. Now I stood, hands on hips, naked from the waist down, just like Parker, who stared intently at my neatly trimmed bush. He swallowed hard and his penis jumped once as it tried to get hard again, but was unfortunately too wrung out to perform so soon.

I showed my teeth again and climbed up onto the table to straddle his middle. There was just barely enough room to perch with my shins on the soft cushion to either side of him.

"Ready to get yours, Sweetie?" I asked. Throughout this long day of excitement, my own bladder had filled significantly from my usual intake of fluid and a skipped bathroom break. As Parker was losing control wildly just then, I felt my urge ramp up quickly to be very uncomfortable. My own middle had grown large and hard in sympathy with my last two patients' desperate battles. Though not quite to the same degree. And now I could feel it absolutely aching to gush from me, onto the young man held captive between my smooth thighs.

@@I sat my ass down heavily onto his pelvis, pressing down on his bladder and tucking his cock into the groove between my cheeks, aimed toward his feet. He grunted in surprise and discomfort. I gave him a last predatory look, and released. The piss rushed out in a surging river onto his stomach, hissing and splashing, rapidly re-drenching his damp shirt. A long moaning sigh whooshed from my mouth. Ohhh, this felt heavenly; the relief! It was not a stretch to see how Sarah could have came earlier just from pissing out her massive load. I could feel my bladder deflating as the days-worth of pee flowed powerfully from my pulsing pee hole. I gave an extra push, increasing the already vigorous flow into a roaring deluge, striking off his skin and flinging droplets into the air. The flood spread across his body, then off the table, in waterfalls crashing to the floor. A husky groan tumbled from my lips. I rolled my hips a bit, grinding my gushing pussy onto his abdomen. Then I heard the spattering sound of liquid striking the vinyl cushion behind me. It seemed his blocked bladder had finally relaxed again. I fancied I could feel the hum as the piss coursed through the shaft nestled into my ass. We both sat there, giving the occasional pant of delicious relief as we pissed out all we had for the next nearly forty seconds. Our streams slowly died out. I bore down again, forcing the last of it out in a hard squirt onto his stomach. We both breathed.

@@The fire that had been burning inside me for the last few hours blew up into a roaring inferno, as if the pee I just released had been the last thing quenching its fury. My right hand flew straight to my hooded clit like a heat-seeking missile. Fingers rubbed frantically, using my piss and personal lube to fly ever faster and harder. Breaths came fast and hard as the heat spread up into my chest and face, nipples poked out against my bra. I spared a glance for Parker, seeing him goggle at the tech that had just emptied her bladder onto him and was now madly bringing herself to orgasm, perched right on top of him. He'd seen me naked and was currently wearing my piss, so he could get as much an eyeful as he wanted, far as I could have cared right then. My hips moved on their own, grinding my lips desperately against his pelvic area. I was already so nearly there. The sun-like heat in my body built rapidly to a supernova that finally detonated behind my eyes as a scream of ecstasy tore my throat raw. I saw stars as I blacked out for a moment and only distantly felt myself fall forward onto Parker's soggy chest. My muscles spasmodically twitched as I lay there, one hand still glued to my crotch, giving my clit a few gentle rubs to ride out the pleasure. A peaceful five minutes passed while I gradually drifted down from my incredible high. I couldn't help but let out a long sigh of satisfied pleasure, then lifted my head to give Parker a half-lidded, dreamy smile. The corner of his mouth quirked up slightly then back down, he was plainly unsure of how to feel about all of this.

At length, I clambered off of him and stood next to the table. I adopted a professional tone, in hard contrast with the cool air I could feel caressing my damp labia.

"Okay, we're all finished up here. Thank you for being so cooperative today. Your results will be added to your records; you can check them out online if you want in your Patient Portal. Have a great evening, and if you have any further questions or concerns..." I took his face in my hands and darted in to mash my lips against his. Mouth parted slightly in shock and I slipped my tongue in to dance briefly across his teeth. I released the suddenly breathless young man and pulled back. "..please don't hesitate to schedule another appointment."

And there we are. Hope you all enjoyed, (while a little hot under the collar, if I did it right). I'm not sure I got the characters quite true to the original, but eh, it is what it is. Fanfiction, after all. Also please excuse any awkward bits of inaccurate medical tomfoolery, I am no doctor. And have never even had an ultrasound myself, for that matter. I am also not a woman, so hopefully the intimate descriptions were close enough to accurate and, at the least, not cringe-inducing.

All righty, off you go now.

*002*2023-05-21 01:51

Thanks, I appreciate it!

And I'm glad you liked it! I'm a little surprised how much I did myself, actually.

