KILLSWITCH64's Danganronpa Shorts

Author: KILLSWITCH64

*000*2018-05-20 03:12

Hey everyone! Over on my deviantart

, I do a sort of weekly writing challenge where I write a short fic each weekday for a certain week. I typically stick to writing EUF, wedgie, and spanking content, though this week I tackled my first omo fic. I decided that I might as well post them to here as well. I'm actually kinda shocked that there are so few Dangan omo stories on this site, but hopefully I can help fix that. I'll likely be trying to do at least 1 omo or diaper related story during my next session, and will likely be posting it here as well (probably Dangan related, but also possibly not). Like I mentioned though, this is my first time writing omorashi, so I'd appreciate any sort of feedback.

Also I should note that this story, as well as most of my others, is set in a sort of crossover/Talent Development mode in drv3, rather than during the events of the games themselves. Not super important for this story, but might be for future ones.

###

Friday 5/18 (Danganronpa; Omorashi; spoiler-free)

"Make the beds. Gather clothes. Prepare breakfast. Wash the dishes. Do the laundry. Assist Kaede. Dust the Library..." Kirumi Tojo's mind wandered off. She was trying to run through all the things she'd have to do today in her head to help her prepare. Today was looking like it would be one of her busiest in a while, and she was already behind schedule, as much as it hurt her pride as a maid to say. Should she be held responsible for her alarm not going off? Not entirely, but she couldn't help but feel guilt from it.

As she continued to rinse the plates off, she ran over her list again. She couldn't help but think she was forgetting something. After a minute or so of thinking, her body decided to answer her question for her. Kirumi felt a twinge coming from her bladder, which left only one word in her mind.

"Pee."

She had completely neglected her need for the bathroom. Thinking back on it, she hadn't had a chance to pee since before she went to bed. And truth be told it didn't look like she would get a chance anytime soon.

Kirumi continued to wash the dishes, while subconsciously shifting her weight from foot to foot. She hadn't realized exactly how bad her need to go was. It was easy to ignore before she was aware of it, but know that she knew she need the restroom, it was all she could think about. But her duties as a maid came first, and so she'd just have to hold it... hopefully not for very long.

Coming back to her senses, Kirumi decided that all she could do for now was focus on the task at hand. Looking down though, she noticed that she had completely stopped washing dishes, and instead was holding her crotch through her dress without even realizing it. A blush came across her cheeks at her own indignant display, before she quickly moved her hands away, her bladder giving out a groan of protest in response. "Dammit, I'm an adult. I'm in control of my bladder, not the other way around." Though a few seconds after thinking this, she felt a bladder spasm that made her pause her cleaning in order to hold it in. She also thought she felt a small wet spot on her panties, though she was honestly too nervous to check.

Despite how much her bladder was distracting her, Kirumi still managed to finish cleaning all of the dishes. The only downside was that now she had to go so bad, she wasn't sure she could move without losing control. Her mind desperately searched for some sort of answer that would get her out of this horrid situation. Instead all she could do was bury her hands in her crotch and do a slight potty dance, any sort of grace and refinery completely forgotten in favor of relieving even the tiniest amount of pressure from her bladder. And then she heard the one thing that could possibly make this situation worse. She heard the footsteps of someone approaching the kitchen.

Kaede Akamatsu walked into the kitchen with an empty plate and cup. "Sorry Kirumi, I hope you don't mine me bringing more-" Kaede cut herself off when she saw Kirumi's state. The maid looked over to Kaede with pained expression, the tears that had been welling in the corner of her eyes finally falling.

"Kaede... please look away," was all she managed to get out before a muffled hissing sound filled the room. Kaede desperately wanted to listen to her friend and look away, but she found herself mesmerized by the sight of Kirumi's accident.

Kirumi's panties were the first thing to get soaked. The cotton covered in a cute, overlapping watermelon print became incredibly saturated around the crotch, though it quickly reached its maximum capacity as Kirumi's urine kept coming. Since her hands were still holding her crotch in a vain attempt to prevent what was already happening, the urine promptly started soaking into the front of her dress. Perhaps she might have tried to move her dress aside and keep it dry, though Kirumi was too far gone as a feeling of both shame and relief swept over her.

She had been peeing for a solid 30 seconds, and yet it was still coming. The urine traveled down both her dress and her legs, before ending it's journey by joining the yellow puddle forming on the tile kitchen floor. Kaede could only watch with sympathy as Kirumi continued to disgrace herself.

After a few more seconds, the stream finally started dying down, not that Kirumi seemed to notice. Instead she was trying (and failing) to hold back her sobs. Here she was, a SHSL student, who many of the others jokingly referred to as "Mom", and yet she pissed herself like she was no older than 5. And to make matters worse, she lost control in front of Kaede.

As she stood there mentally shaming herself, she was brought back to reality when she felt a hand softly place itself on her shoulder. Blinking past the tears in her eyes, she looked up and saw Kaede in front of her, with a gentle look on her face.

"Kirumi it's ok, accidents can happen to anyone, even to a SHSL student," she said. "I'd be lying if I said I've kept my undies dry ever since we've started attending Hope's Peak," she continued, looking off to the side as a blush began to appear on her own cheeks.

Despite everything, Kirumi couldn't help but feel comforted by the pianist's words. Sniffing a bit, she wiped her eyes before saying, "Thank you, Kaede." Kirumi then look down and saw the large puddle around her feet, as well as the large and obvious wet spot on the front of her dress. Shifting her weight to her other foot, she heard a squelch sound coming from her soaked shoe, making her wince a bit.

"C'mon Kirumi, I'll help you get cleaned up," Kaede said as she made her way to the door.

"That isn't nece-" Kirumi stopped mid-sentence, before meeting the gaze of Kaede's soft (and admittedly, rather beautiful) eyes. After a moment of hesitation, she spoke up "I would appreciate your assistance," unable to prevent smile from beginning to form at the corners of her lips as she followed her friend out of the room.

*002*2018-06-11 21:24

So I wrote another Danganronpa omo story, though as it's not part of a weekly writing collection, I'll just give a link to the story that's posted on my DA account.

Warning: This story contains spoilers for Danganronpa 1. It contains female bedwetting content, and also makes mentions to spanking and diapers. If you're not interested in any of that, don't click the link.

%https://killswitch64.deviantart.com/art/T-D-S-A-B-W-I-D-M-T-R-Danganronpa-749186687

