Sandy, Pearl, Mandy second holding contest - Page 2

Author: Kamie

*025*2019-06-17 22:41

Pearl and Mindy woke up same time as Sandy.

"This dream made me leak a bit" Said Pearl.

"Yeah, I also leaked" Said Mindy. "How about you, Sandy?" She added. Sandy haven't responded, red faced.

"Sandy, wha... Oh, you wet your bed!" Said Pearl, laughting.

"Oh girls, I drank some water before sleeping..." Said Sandy blushing. "I've always peed myself if I haven't gone to restroom before sleeping" she added. After eating breakfast and drinking a lot of water girls decided to go to shop. Before leaving Sandy has got idea. She has once created glasses which made user see panties of other people.

"Wait girls, I've got fantastic idea!" Said Sandy and ran to her tree. Her idea was to change structure of glasses. She turned them into lenses so it wouldn't be noticable for everyone. After that, she added them ability to see bladder capacity in %. Now she could see everyone's bladder capacity and panties, so if anyone leaks she will know it.

"Okay girls, I created lenses which make me able to see how full your bladder is and to see your panties." She said to Pearl and Mindy after leaving tree.

"Oh okay, but you can't say us how filled our bladders are!" Said Mindy.

"Yeah, that would be a bit unfair" Said Pearl.

"Okay, let's go to shop now!" Said Sandy. While walking next to girls she looked at them. Mindy's bladder was at 35% and Pearl's at 37%. She checked her own bladder. It was at 45%. When they entered shop, there was contest starting. "Person who drinks the biggest amount of water in 1 minute wins our best TV" said big banner. Girls obviously joined it. There were 7 other girls except them. When contest started everyone quickly started drinking bottles of water. Each girl had 10 1l bottles of water on table. Mindy and Pearl were fast, but not as fast as Sandy who drank 1l of water in 20 seconds. In total she drank 3l of water, Mindy 2l and Pearl 1,6l.

"And the winner is... Sandy Cheeks with 3l of water drank!" Said voice from volumes. Sandy was told that they'll ship that TV to her house by tommorow.

"Sandy, how did you drank 3l of water in 1 minute?!" Pearl asked after the left shop.

"Yeah, I'm also wondering" said Mindy.

"Oh, in Texas we have similiar contests. I've been always winning them." Said Sandy. She really had to pee now. She checked her bladder... It shown 80% and was growing very fast. She also checked Pearl and Mindy. Pearl had 45%, Mindy 48%.

"Maybe we can go to park?" Suggested Pearl.

"Yeah, why not" Said Mindy. While going there, Sandy leaked few times. Mindy noticed some wetness on Sandy's leg.

"Ooo someone can't hold it anymore?" She said to Sandy, who was now doing pee dance, holding her crotch very tightly.

"I can hold it until we get to park, but no longer" Said Sandy. 2 minutes later they were in park. Sandy couldn't hold it anymore. She started peeing herself. This time she crouched and spreaded her legs to not wet her fur. It kinda worked, but her legs still got a bit wet. After 2 minutes she finished peeing. To her luck there was no one in the park except her, Mindy and Pearl.

"Well, you held it until getting to the park" Said Pearl, laughting.

To be continued...

*028*2019-06-22 00:14

And here comes next episode.

"Well, as we were talking before the first one of us to lose the contest will pee herself few more times." Said Mindy.

"Well, let's walk around a bit... I'll be walking in sun to dry myself" Said Sandy. They were walking around the park for 1 hour before heading to the Goo Lagoon. They decided to just sunbath for 1 hour. Each of them drank 1l water bottle during that time. After that they went to the cinema as everyday. Today they were watching Inedibles 2 which was 2 hours long. They got 3 large soda and big popcorn for each of them. During the ads Sandy checked her bladder. It shown 43%. She also checked Pearl's bladder (60%) and Mindy's bladder (61%). During the movie Sandy was worried. She will surely pee herself again soon after these 3 large soda... After the movie finished girls decided to go to the Jellyfish Fields to catch them for fun. When they reached the fields, Mindy used her magic to get them 3 nets and 3 big jars.

"Okay, the one of us who gets the smallest amount of Jellyfishes into the jar in 30 minutes has to drink 2l of water!" Said Mindy. Girls quickly started catching jellyfishes into nets and then catching them into the jar. Sandy was the best at it - she used to catch them with Spongebob. Pearl was pretty good too. Mindy had almost no skills at it. After the 30 ninutes passed Sandy had 12 jellyfishes, Pearl 9 and Mindy 2. After releasing Jellyfishes Mindy drank 2l of water. Sandy checked her bladder. It shown 72%. Pearl was at 69% and her own was at 79%. They decided to go to the Glove World. Sandy was crossing her legs now.

"Someone is going to wet herself again!" Said Pearl looking at Sandy.

"Well, you might also wet yourself soon so shut up!" Said Sandy, red faced. She knew that it was truth. She really had to pee. They went on the Fingers Crusher. It was giant rollercoaster, going almost to the top of the sea. When they sat in, Sandy was holding her crotch tightly. She was sometimes leaking at the rollercoasters. When the ride started Sandy was shocked. The speed was incredible. It made her start peeing. She could do nothing about it. Sandy started feeling wetness in her panties. Then it spreaden. Her whole butt quickly got completly soaked. Her pee started to drip from her seat soaking her legs. After the ride ended Sandy looked at Pearl and Sandy. They both had small wet spots on their panties.

"Well, I told you" Said Pearl.

"We aren't completly dry either" Said Mindy.

To be continued...

*030*2019-06-29 23:14

Final chapter...

After 2 hours spent in the Glove World girl went to Sandy's house. It was getting dark. Before sleeping they played one game of wet uno. Pearl and Mindy teamed up against Sandy, so she had to drink the most water. In the finale Sandy had to drink 5 glasses of water by combos from Pearl and Mindy. Pearl herself drank 2 glasses of water, Mindy drank 1 and a half.

"Oh girls, you really want to see me wetting my bed..." said Sandy blushing.

"Maybe you can hold it this time?" Said Pearl.

"Yeah, after 5 glasses of water now and 2 soda cans in glove world..." Said Sandy.

"That's quite impossible to not pee yourself asleep now" Said Mindy and laughted.

"How about next round?" Said Pearl. She wanted to completly defeat Sandy. It didn't really work out this time. Pearl placed +4, Mindy placed +2, Sandy placed +4, Pearl placed another +2, her last + card, Mindy placed +4. Sandy with tears looked at Pearl, who began to laught. But then Sandy placed +4. Her tears were only laught tears.

"Someone has no + cards? You must drink 4 glasses of water now!" Said Sandy, laughting. Pearl drank all the water pretty fast. From the anger she placed all her 5 blocks at once, which she got now. It was fatal mistake. Mindy countered it with another two blocks and Sandy also has done it, but with one. Pearl was blocked for 9 rounds in total and had to drink 4,5 glass of water.

"Well, so not only I will pee my bed tonight!" Said Sandy laughting, looking at Pearl drinking water. After the game finished only Pearl had to drink water. Sandy quickly checked their bladders. Mindy's bladder was at 81%, Pearl's bladder was at 83%. They somehow weren't showing any signs of desperation. Sandy checked her own... It shown 78%. Sandy started to be used to wetting herself. They went to sleep now. This time with no special dreams. They all woke up with dry beds, even Sandy who was shocked. She quickly checked her bladder... 98%...

"Well, someone woke up dry!" Said Pearl after she caught Sandy's crotch to check if it's completly dry.

"Hey, don't touch me there!" Yelled Sandy, and caught Pearl's crotch in revenge. Pearl let out small moan.

"Y-you've come too far." Said Pearl and then suddently picked up a bottle of water. She came closer to Sandy and grabbed her crotch. Pearl opened the bottle and slowly started pouring the water from it on the ground, on Sandy's eyes. Pearl started moving her finger gently around Sandy's crotch.

"S-stop o-or I w-will..." Sandy was trying to say, but Pearl interrupted her.

"Or what?" She asked Sandy.

"O-or I'll p-pee m-myself..." Said Sandy, moaning. Then she started peeing. Her panties quickly got soaked. Her whole fur on her thick butt was now completly wet. She felt Pearl's hand grabbing her buttock and touching her front crotch. She started moaning more and more. Finally she got orgasm, still peeing. Her whole fur on her legs was soaked.

"That's what happens when someone touches my crotch without my permission, wetting squirrel." Said Pearl with gently voice.

"Hi girls, I've made breakfa- Oh, Sandy has wet herself again." Said Mindy. She was making breakfast, so she haven't seen Sandy and Pearl.

"Mindy can you make floating waterfall? I must wash my hands..." Said Pearl. Mindy has created one for her. Sandy also washed her hands in it. While eating Mindy and Pearl were both fidgeting in their seats. Sandy had still red face because of what happened few minutes ago. They all drank 3 glasses of juice. Sandy checked Mindy's bladder. It shown 89%. Pearl's bladder was at 88%. She hoped that Mindy will win. Pearl was teasing her too much. After breakfast they went to the beach. While walking there Pearl and Mindy were walking slower than usual. Pearl was crossing legs from time to time.

"You know what, that breakfast was small. Let's go to the Krusty Krab. It's 5 minutes from there" Said Pearl. Girls agreed. They walked there with no problems. They ordered 2 Krabby Patties, 3 the biggest soda glasses (800ml) for each of them. After a while they've got it.

"You know what I have new idea about out challange. When I or Pearl lose, the winner has to use toilet in Sandy's house. Winner can't use any other toilet." Suggested Mindy.

"And if winner reaches the toilet the others can watch her peeing!" Added Pearl. They all agreed. After a while of fidgeting Pearl started holding her crotch, as well as Mindy. They were still drinking soda pretty quickly. After they all drank 2 glasses of soda and ate both Krabby Patties Sandy looked at Pearl and Mindy. They both were holding their hands on crotch very tightly. They couldn't stop fidgeting. Pearl's bladder was at 96% and Mindy was at 98%. They started drinking last glass of soda.

When Mindy was at half, she suddently stopped and put both of her hands into her panties. She leaked. After few seconds she was drinking again. Sandy looked at Mindy. Her bladder was at 99%. Pearl's bladder was at 97%. From the excitment Sandy leaked. Her own bladder was at 60%, so she had nothing to worry about total wetting. Mindy was now showing clear signs of desperation. She was fidgeting, moving her tail from left to right. Pearl was going on pretty well. She had still dry panties. Mindy leaked much more this time. Her whole panties were soaked. She felt stream going down her tail...

"Uhh I don't know how long I can hold it..." Said Mindy and leaked. Her whole seat was now in pee. Then she felt another stream of pee going down her tail... And another... Meantime Pearl slightly leaked. Then Mindy gasped. She couldn't stop peeing. Streams were going down her tail, creating big puddle. After few minutes she finished. Everyone was staring at her. She quickly used her magic to clean everything up.

"Yay so I won!" Said Pearl.

"Yes, but you must hold it until getting to my home!" Said Sandy.

"I don't care about making it anymore. I won't make it anyway. I also like wetting myself so..." Said Pearl and started peeing. Her thick butt quickly got wet, her panties were soaked and pee was going down her legs. She was emberrased. Everyone was looking at her. To her luck Mr Krabs was at the bank right now. Mindy cleaned up the puddle after Pearl finished peeing (Took like 8 minutes). They decided to do it again... Someday.
