The long road to Motherhood

Author: knockonthedoor

*000*2022-03-31 20:25

A/N: For those not familiar with my work, know that feedback and your honest comments are more than appreciated! For fans of my current project

, this doesn’t mean that its over, I’m just taking a short break. When you’re done reading, I’ll have a few questions at the end for you that may help me as a writer. Would love your thoughts! Oh, and the tags relate to upcoming chapters if they’re not in this first chapter. Kind of like a sneak peak!

Chapter 1

A black sedan traveled up the on-ramp. To outsiders, it was as inconspicuous as any other car on the road. For college-bound Ashlynn, it was an emotional stew of boredom, melancholy and brooding. Silence dominated much of the early trip, as the car took her away from the only town she’d ever known. Away from her friends, and her status. High school had been her domain. She’d found herself among others. They liked her and she liked them. But as the familiar landmarks grew distant, the reality of her situation set in. Gone was the comfort of sameness and familiarity, here was the storm of uncertainty. The future.

Michelle felt stilted. This was her daughter. And they sat in silence, no closer than two strangers on an airplane. Trying to deny the reality of their relationship, she tried to jumpstart a conversation

“I hope it’s not still cold up north. Do you think I should have brought a jacket?”

“It’s August, Mom.”

“But they get, you know, snow up there.”

“Not in the summer.”

“I know, but that has to mean it’s cold. Right?”

“Not in August.”

Michelle would have had a better time trying to push a bolder up a grassy hill. Their conversation hit a wall, not thirty seconds in. The awkwardness returned, both mother and daughter now aware of it. Michelle tried again

“I hope we can understand them up there. Doesn’t Boston have a weird accent?”

“It’ll be fine.”

“Oh. What about sports, don’t they like sports?”

“A lot of people like sports.”

“But you should be educated. Did you remember to ask Dad about their teams and stuff?”

“Patriots, Bruins, Celtics and Red Sox. I got it Mom.”

“Are they good?”

“Mostly. Patriots are really good.”

“So you did ask your Dad like I asked. Glad you’ve started taking my advice!”

“I know that because I like football Mom.” Ashlynn exhaled, annoyed “Why couldn’t Dad have driven me? At least I could talk sports with him.”

“Because I wanted to. You can talk sports with me”

“Do you even know what team we root for?”

“The…Bengals?”

“Jaguars.” Ashlynn rolled over, towards the window and rested her head on her hands.

“Are we any good?”

“No. Wake me when we get there.”

This wasn’t how it was supposed to go. Michelle had seen it in movies before. The sentimental goodbye always brought families together. And here they were, further apart than ever before, and caked in silence again.

The first planned stop was a welcomed one. Ashlynn had made a statement by falling asleep, and had left Michelle to her thoughts. But a coffee stop gave Michelle an opening, an excuse to reengage with her daughter.

“Ash…Ashlynn, honey, wake up.”

“Mmmph. Wh-what?”

“Coffee. What do you want?”

Ashlynn rubbed her eyes. She hadn’t actually planned to fall asleep, but at least it had whittled down the length of their trip. They hadn’t reached the coffee chain yet as her mother asked again

“What do you want?”

“Caramel Frappuccino, with extra caramel drizzle, whipped cream, caramel crunch and ice. Can you make sure it’s with heavy cream and a mix of Honey Blend and Frappuccino Roast coffees too?”

Michelle stared at her daughter blankly

“You know, why don’t you order Ash?”

“Fine.”

The quiet of a distant relationship settled back in as Michelle turned into the parking lot. As she pulled up to the drive thru, her daughter raised a concern

“Can we like…go inside?”

“Why?”

“I um…kind of have to use the bathroom.” Ashlynn felt slightly embarrassed as she acknowledged the fact

“We’re getting gas in five minutes. You can hold it.”

“Ugh! Gas stations are so gross! Can’t we just go here?”

“Well, I don’t have to go. This’ll be much easier for me if you’ll wait.”

Ashlynn folded her arms and sat back, pouting

“Fine. I’m just going to hold it. It’s your fault if my kidney’s explode!”

Michelle rolled her eyes. She forgave her daughter for only being a teenager, but that didn’t make the petty disagreement any less annoying.

The two ordered their iced drinks, an uneventful occurrence if it wasn’t for Ashlynn’s complex order. Michelle felt like apologizing to the barista, but the dead eyed look in his face was enough to convince her that he had delt with worse. Perhaps it was because of the simplicity in her order; an iced coffee with just cream and sugar, that prevented a hateful look.

The quick drive to the gas station was equally as uneventful. Quietly sipping on their drinks, Michelle hoped that it wasn’t a mistake to drive her daughter to college alone. As she stopped the sedan at the pump, Ashlynn climbed out with her mother, who noted

“Get me a water while you’re in there Ash. And let me know how clean they are.”

“I’m just buying snacks mom. I told you, I’m not…”She looked around, hoping none of the other patrons could hear her “I’m not going here.”

“We’re not stopping for a while.”

“I’m not a little kid! I’ll be fine! Ugh! You’re such a mom!”

Not knowing if that she should be offended by the insult, Michelle started to pump gas into the car. She took the time to play her wavy, deeply brown hair, which found itself in a neat ponytail. A slight twinge in her bladder let her know that the coffee was working, but it was easy to ignore. She uttered a cruse as she looked down, the gas pump had left a mark on her light, high-waisted cutoff jeans. She rubbed the mark, but to no avail. Grumbling, and already in a bad mood, she waited for the pump to be done as she saw the bright yellow leggings her daughter was sporting exit the store. At least Ashlynn had grabbed her a water.

I should have peed. Ashlynn had begun to regret her defiant stunt as she crossed her legs. She had tried to go back to sleep, but the caffeine and sugar had combined to force her eyes awake, and her young kidneys had done their job well as her bladder filled with their waste. As Ashlynn sucked down the last few sips from her drink, she bobbed her feet on each foot. Trying to sound innocuous, she asked

“Hey mom. Um…how much further to the rest stop?”

“Ashlynn.” Her mother sounded annoyed “Don’t tell me you have to pee now.”

“…kinda.”

Michelle sighed “I don’t know. Here.” She handed her daughter the printed out directions

“You’re such a boomer.”

“Am not! You know when I was born.”

“1977 is boomer age.”

“Whatever. Just read the directions.”

Ashlynn grabbed the small stack of paper from the console.

“10 Miles. How long is that?”

Michelle looked down at her speedometer “10 minutes. Probably.”

Ashlynn felt a sense of comfort wash over her. Tossing her mostly empty cup on the floor, next to Michelle’s empty water bottle behind her, she cracked open an energy drink. She knew she’d be fine, and was feeling slightly thirsty anyway. Ashlynn knew it wouldn’t hurt her between now and the rest stop, and happily sipped away as she protected her filling bladder. Part of her wondered how her mother could have waited this long.

Michelle was thankful. She hadn’t read the directions since leaving the gas station, it wasn’t hard to follow highway directions, but she had started to wonder when her next break would come. The iced coffee and water had gone down easy, a tandem she was used to, but the long drive was a new obstacle. Given her need to use the pedals alertly, she couldn’t cross her legs. Out of a desire to maintain her authoritative composure over her daughter, she refused to hold herself. But her bladder was full. Taut with the strain of holding a full bladder, her anxiety stemmed from experience. Since going through childbirth, she was well aware that a wayward sneeze or ill-timed cough could spell disaster. She was glad her potentially perilous situation would end soon.

The first emergency vehicle that passed them by was surprising, but not worrying. It was the brake lights and the traffic that struck fear into mother and daughter alike. Ashlynn voiced her fear first

“Why are we stopping?”

“How should I know?”

“This isn’t good.” Ashlynn shifted in her seat

Michelle didn’t respond, but had to agree. It wasn’t the fullness of her bladder that she feared the most, but the mental battle with herself that she was unprepared for. She had felt it before. Not in these particular pants, but the shame of losing control. Both she and her husband had stories about her mishaps, and if she could help it, she and her daughter would not have one to add. She clenched harder as she stepped on the brake, hoping she still had enough strength in her most private parts to hold back the brewing water and coffee in her filling bladder.

Ashlynn had been seeing red for too long. She had read the back of the trailer too many times. She had checked her social media feed, refreshing and refreshing, anything to keep her mind off of one very obvious predicament. She had to pee. Made worse by the fact that she had downed her coffee and started an energy drink, in her absentmindedness, she had continued to sip. She pulled up her leggings, and inadvertently gave herself a cameltoe. Placing her hand over her now outlined genitals, Ashlynn continued to bare the pain until they could reach the rest stop.

As they inched forward in traffic, a blue sign appeared on the shoulder of the highway. It promised the rest stop was in just a mile and a half. Michelle didn’t notice as she fought back her first wave of desperation. A sign that her battle was worse that she outwardly showed. Ashlynn made sure she knew about it.

“Mom…a mile and a half.”

Her labored speech accented her crossed legs and clutching hands. Michelle took her eyes off the road for a moment, hoping the sign would be a salve for her irritated bladder

“MOM LOOK OUT!” Ashlynn squealed

Michelle slammed down on the brakes. Had she been going any faster, they would have crashed. Someone had cut them off in an attempt to cross into Michelle’s lane. Her adrenaline spiking, Michelle momentarily forgot about her filled bladder. For a moment, it was numb. Then it came roaring back. Slamming into her closed pee hole, the contents of a full bladder railed against her defenses again. She retaliated.

Ashlynn was taken aback as she heard her Mother suddenly suck down a gulp of air. What sounded like a gasp at first, she looked towards her mom, who was now holding herself.

Michelle thought she got away with it. She thought she had survived the first charge of a full bladder. But she could feel a moistness in her panties she had felt before. Not wanting to look, but needing to look, she gently took her hand away. A small patch, not larger than a penny, had formed on her jeans. It wasn’t much damage, but enough to tell her that her full bladder was not to be trifled with. An enemy that was more than capable of tearing through her tightly bound defenses.

It was when they reached the half mile sign that Ashlynn began to rock back and forth in her seat. One hand firmly pressing into her crotch, the other was snaked around her backside, and held her tender slit from the back.

Her mother wasn’t doing much better. She too held her crotch with her free hand, and unlike her daughter, had leaked. What had started at the size of a penny, was now more comparable to a quarter. Michelle’s logical mind had begun to slip away. Doomed to the anxious mind in peril, her fears firmly gripped her judgment, more-so than the hand that gripped her snatch. Her fears demanded that she quell them, and soon. Taking a deep breath, she asked her daughter

“Listen. Baby. Don’t ever do this when you’re driving, ok? But this is an emergency.”

Ashlynn’s eyes grew wide.

“What?”

Michelle sped up briefly, enough to pass the car in the lane next to them, and waded her way through the tight traffic. Making her way to the shoulder of the highway, she maneuvered into the breakdown lane.

The car responded by jostling and grinding over the rumple strips. Michelle had expected the vibrations to hurt her ability to hold back the flood of urine that she held inside, instead, the pleasant sensations gave her hope that they’d make it.

Hope which was immediately dashed. A white car pulled in behind them, and began to flash its lights. Police.

“Damn it!” Michelle cussed, leaking a bit as she grabbed herself again

As she stopped the car, Ashlynn complained, her body still contorted with desperation

“What do we do? How do we-?”

“Get my insurance card from the glove box.” Michelle said curtly, the officer began to approach the car

As Ashlynn handed her the card, Michelle rolled down her window

“H-hi-hi officer.”

“You mean to tell me what you two are doing? You can’t be driving in the breakdown lane.”

“Um…we…uh…look. I-I want to be honest w-with you…s-sir.” Michelle stammered. Partly from fear of wetting her pants, partly from the anxiety of being pulled over and interrogated

Lightly tapping her palm on the steering wheel for effect, Michelle plainly stated their problem

“W-we really, really, really need to um…uh…” She started to leak again, stronger than before, she was unable to stop it without the use of her hand. She continued to slowly wet her panties as she spoke “…uh…use…the um…restroom. We were just trying to get to the rest stop.” She put her hand back on her crotch

“Well Ma’am. I hate to let you know. But that rest area has been offline for quite a while now. It’s being torn down.”

Ashlynn’s jaw dropped. Michelle lost another spirt of hot pee, even with her hands guarding herself. The officer continued

“Let me run your license and insurance, and I’ll be back.”

“Hurry!” She begged

“What are we going to do?” Ashlynn whined

“The road. We’ll…we’ll go off to the side of the road.”

“Ew, mom! No! I don’t want everyone to stare!”

“Fine. You suffer. I’ll go.”

“No! I don’t want anyone watching my mom pee. Or me!”

“You don’t have to watch me.”

“But everyone else will! That’s so gross! And...and isn’t that illegal?”

While her fear of being seen was ridiculous, Michelle knew her daughter brought up a good point. It would be an offence to urinate in public, especially after getting pulled over. She made another request of her daughter.

“Find us a place. Now!”

Ashlynn pulled out her phone. The officer was still sitting in his patrol car, and Michelle willed him to hurry. Every drop produced from her drinks that morning had filled her ballooning bladder it was close to bursting. An acute ache that made her abdomen hard, pounded and pushed against Michelle’s peehole. A sudden pain. A sharp wave of desperation washed over the tired Michelle. Harder than before, she leaned forward, a low moan escaping her lips.

“M-mom?” Ashlynn looked over

A slight hiss was Michelle’s only response. She sucked in air, exhaled quickly, and moaned harder. She tried to respond to her daughter

“I-I-I-I…stopped…I stopped it.”

The moist, hot agony that now enveloped Michelle was hellish in its anguish. Part of her demanded relief, part of her demanded dignity. Her whole body was now pressed into service, an assault against her advancing bladder. A knock on the window. It was the officer

“Ma’am, I’m only going to give you a warning today. Your record is clean, and I understand if there are some extenuating circumstances. But don’t do this again. Others need to use this lane for emergencies.”

“Y-ye-yes. I-it won’t happen a-again.”

As she reached for her insurance information and driver license back from his hand, she felt the hot shame of another release. His eyes were hidden behind his sunglasses, and Michelle could tell if he saw her or not. As she handed her cards back to Ashlynn, her daughter caught a look at the damage.

Her mother’s light cutoff jeans were not only dark at the crotch, but the inseam of her thighs as well. A wide stain that covered each side of her crotch made her accident obvious. Tightening her grip, she hoped the same fate wouldn’t befall her.

“There is…a diner at the next exit. Traffic. Traffic is…clearing!” Ashlynn exclaimed

She was right. In her desperation, Michelle had stopped paying attention. But like a storm clearing for the first time in days, both Mother and Daughter smiled again. Hope had returned.

The officer was right. As they passed the ramp for the rest area, it was blocked off with construction tape and barriers. The path itself was cracked and overgrown. Driving at a quicker pace, but being sure not to speed, Michelle guided the car through the remaining traffic as her desperation continued to mount. Preparing for one last assault on her muscles.

Ashlynn had never felt so insecure. Her stomach, which she had spent years trying to stay toned and slim, was now bulging again. It was as hard as a rock, tight with a force and a pressure that her 18 year-old mind could hardly comprehend. She was sure she had never had to go this badly in her life before. She felt sick. Clammy. Sweaty. She was starting to shake as they made their way up the exit ramp. Her only saving grace was the top of the diner. It was just visible across the road.

Michelle hadn’t leaked. She’d stayed dry as she got them through traffic. She felt calm, collected. Her pants had cooled where she had wet them, and when they combined with her body heat, they created a dank, swampy environment around her crotch. She was fine when they drove off the highway. She was fine as they crossed the lane towards the parking lot, and she was fine as she parked the car. But after opening the door and attempting to stand, her bladder struck. Its final battle plan enacted.

It started as a pain in her back. Sharp, it forced Michelle to bend forward. Her hand firmly clutched her overworked genitals. She shivered, feeling cold. If it wasn’t the pain, it was the shame of a familiar warm sensation that elicited a squeal from her lips.

Ashlynn made her way around the side of the car. Her hand buried into her desperate, tingling minge. She nearly lost control as she rounded the side of the car.

Her mother, hands clutching her crotch with all their might, had two fat, wide stains streaking down her legs. As they moved, they darkened the color of her jeans. The pavement below her began to show drops of excess urine as it fell off of the back of Michelle’s jeans.

“Oh my gosh! Mom! Hold it, don’t embarrass me!”

Painting and groaning, Michelle looked back up at her daughter. She too, had her legs crossed and her hands buried in herself. Michelle gave her good news

“I-I stopped. I…I stopped.”

It was down to her kneecaps, nearly at the cuffs of her cutoffs. The high-waisted, now damaged cutoffs were not completely soaked, but Michelle’s bladder had done plenty of work.

“C’mon…please!” Her daughter begged

Michelle took a deep breath. She exhaled, shaking from the strain. Every step that the desperate mother and daughter took was agony. She wanted to let go. To just be done with it. But she also wanted to hang onto the shred of dignity that she could still muster. Enough to say she made it.

Surprisingly, the diner that they had picked was trying to deny what it was. Cheap plastic tables and chairs that were bolted to the floor made up much of the decor, yet they still needed to be seated by the hostess. A much older woman, who smelled like cigarettes, greeted them

“Table for two?” She either didn’t notice, or didn’t care about Michelle’s soaked legs

“Please Miss. We’ll order, we-I…I need t-the b-bathroom.” Michelle’s voice was hardly audible. A near whisper

At first, the hostess looked annoyed, but when she saw the massive stain on Michelle’s pants, her tone shifted to one of support and concern.

“Oh, darlin’! Come with me.”

She led the desperate pair to a small alcove with a single door. A yellow cleaning sign blocked their path. The hostess knocked on the door twice.

“Deion, some ladies need to use the john.” She turned back to the desperate family “You’ll be fine, dear.”

Michelle was too desperate to properly thank her. Unable to stand fully, she hinged her hips and held tightly onto her crotch, knowing that the next leak would be the last. The bathroom door was shut, and despite her efforts to will it open, it remained so. Michelle could feel it. A burning, warm sensation flowing towards her slit.

Ashlynn felt sick. Dizzy. The pain of holding back a full bladder made her feel warm, hot with the intense strain her muscles were forced to endure. Her body was contorted in an awkward position as she inverted her legs, so that her knees touched. It was all she could do to keep herself dry. She closed her eyes, hoping the pain would drain away.

A low hiss pierced her ears. Was it her? Ashlynn opened her eyes

Her mothers curvy body, and wide hips shook and jiggled as she tried to hold it. But Ashlynn could see the wide stain that her mother had created before darken again. In a hushed tone, Michelle acknowledged what was happening

“Ohh…i-its happening…”

Ashlynn gasped. If she wasn’t in the same predicament, she wouldn’t have believed it for herself. The only words she could think to utter were ones of shock

“Oh my gosh! Mom! You’re peeing your pants!”

Michelle couldn’t hold it anymore. She grabbed, clutched and held her crotch tighter and tighter, but to no avail. She could no longer stop the flow, only slow it’s speed. It warmed her crotch. The searing heat nearly matched her cheeks, which burned in embarrassment. Disobediently, her bladder continued to release its contents into her panties. It was too late, Michelle was having an accident.

Ashlynn watched in horror as her mother peed her pants. Wave after wave of clear liquid poured out of the back of her cutoffs, and hissed down her legs. As it reached her cuffs, midway down her shin, it began to wash over her feet. Her hot urine poured into her sandles.

“Someone get this lady some help.” A gruff old man spoke up

The hostess from before dashed over as fast as she could. Taking Michelle by the arm, she guided the still peeing mother to the door. Opening the swinging door, she grabbed the man who was cleaning and tossed him out of the room, while pushing Michelle into the bathroom.

Ashlynn followed closely, following the footprints that were created by her mothers pee. She too, entered the restroom.

Michelle appreciated the movement, but she still couldn’t stop herself. Continuing to pee into her jeans, she sat on the toilet. Sighing, she felt the warmth stop running down her legs, and instead pool around her butt. Dripping, leaking and hissing, she forced out the rest of her bladder's contents, a distinct coffee smell emanating from her mishap.

It was too much for Ashlynn. The shock of watching her mother have an accident had worn off, and the dread of the same fate dominated her thoughts. She could feel it. The slight dribble that signaled the end. A warmth in her panties. Instinct in a still developing mind took hold. She saw her mother, still slumped over the toilet, leaking into her jeans, denying her only access to a toilet. She was a popular girl, much too important to have an accident. With no options that her mind could conceive, she whipped down her leggings and panties. She could only stammer her justification for her primal act.

“Mom…I-I…I’m sorry…” A similar hiss followed

Michelle opened her eyes. Her 18 year-old daughter was squatting over the bathroom floor, bathing the tile in an eruption of hot piss.

“Ashlynn, baby! W-what are you doing?”

“I-I-I can’t wait anymore!” She began to whine “D-don’t look. Please!”

“At least. At least use the sink.” Michelle couldn’t believe what she had instructed her daughter to do

“Stop watching me!” Ashlynn tried to cover her face. It burned in embarrassment.

To those outside the bathroom, it must have sounded as if one of them was taking a shower. The force with which Ashlynn was smacking the floor with her hot piss created an audible confirmation of the puddle that she was creating on the floor. It was countered only by the hiss of her pale yellow arc.

Michelle had to watch. Not for any sort of perversion, but because the image of her daughter, desperately peeing on the floor of a bathroom shook her to her very core. What kind of Mother am I? This is all my fault. She chided herself. She could have stood still and wet herself, she had already lost her battle, but her child, her only child, was forced to urinate on the floor like an animal. And it was all her fault. Her conscience was enraged, demanding she apologize.

“Ash…I…I’m so sorry. I’m really-“

“D-don’t. No.” Ashlynn finally stopped peeing, her flow was now a dribble. “I-I’m embarrassed enough.”

Michelle finally stood, her soaked jeans now cooling. They felt heavy, damp, and they rubbed as she walked by her still squatting daughter. She tried to dab them dry with a paper towel, but the damage was far too complete. She took an extra sheet to the footprints she had left on her way to the toilet, and handed a sheet to her daughter.

“Here. Dry yourself and-“

Ashlynn looked away as a second, much weaker stream dribbled out of her tight snatch.

“Still?” Michelle was surprised how much her daughter had held

Ashlynn said nothing, this stream was silent, weak. As she finished, she stood and took the extra sheet from her mother. She dried herself and pulled her leggings back up. Her face was shaped into one of fear, anguish and embarrassment as she dropped the used paper towel into her puddle.

“Everything ok in there?” A knock on the door.

Michelle opened it slowly, greeting the hostess from before bashfully.

“We, uh…we didn’t make it…”

The hostess sighed, observing the damage.

“Look, just leave and never come back and I’ll make sure this gets cleaned up.”

“T-thank you Ma’am.”

“Man alive, it’s all over the place.” The lady grumbled

As mother and daughter stepped out of the bathroom, they were clearly the center of attention. Michelle could feel the eyes burning, staring at her massive pee stain. A hush had come over the patrons, all of them were prepared for the spectacle. Still, Michelle held her head up high. It wasn’t the first time, hopefully it would be the last time, but she knew she had done her best. She had tried, tried and tried again to hold it, and simply didn’t make it this time. As the two exited the diner, Michelle took solace in the fact that she’d never see any of those people again.

As they made their way to the car, Michelle heard a distinct, high pitched whine. She turned around. Ashlynn was red in the face, tears streaming down her cheeks. She put her head in her hands, her auburn hair covering her face. Michelle walked back to her and gave her a hug. A hug tighter than she had in years

“Aw, baby…I’m so sorry.” Michelle let her words hand as her daughter sobbed “No one is judging you. No one saw you. You really had to go and I understand that. It’s ok.”

Ashlynn didn’t respond. Her tears still flowing down her face. Michelle repeated her last phrase

“It’s ok. It’s ok. I’m here baby.”

“Y-y-you n-never are!” Ashlynn choked out

“I promise. I’m going to fix this. I promise.”

Her daughter stayed silent, apart from her tears. Michelle stood with her, making the promise more to herself than to her child. It was going to be a long trip, and she knew that. Perhaps it couldn’t make up for her missteps as a mother, but dry pants and a commitment to her daughter was a place to start.

A/N: While only planned as a quick, 4 chapter piece, this section ended up clocking in at over 4k words! I still feel like its too much. But I would love your thoughts on the characters so far. Are they too much, or are they interesting enough?

*005*2022-04-07 15:32

A/N: Here's chapter 2! A little shorter than 1, I tried to lean into the embarrassment side in a realistic way. Let me know if that worked, and as always, there'll be a few questions at the end. Feedback is not only appreciated but encouraged!

Chapter 2

Ashlynn cried. She Wailed. Not just for her embarrassment, but for her emotions. She knew what they were. She knew her feelings. But her mother’s embrace comforted her somewhat, and she didn’t want to jeopardize such a tight hug. Despite the moist sensation of her mother’s wet legs against her dry leggings, there was nothing like a mother’s embrace. She calmed. If only to walk back to the car. As they walked back, she was still a sniveling wreak.

Michelle could feel her jeans as she walked back to her car. The heavy wetness, now cold, was a constant reminder that she hadn’t made it to the bathroom. She was embarrassed, ashamed, but worried more about her daughter. The image of her daughter, her brown eyes wide with fear, squatting over the floor had scarred her. The pain of losing the battle to her own bladder and giving her daughter the embarrassment of watching her do so, was enough to have her question her actions as a mother. They were quiet as the car started back up. Quiet enough for Michelle to be with her own thoughts, if only for a moment. She stopped the car at the parking lot entrance.

“Ash. Baby, can you look up the closest department store?” Michelle sighed “I-I need new pants.”

Ashlynn was still sniveling, trying to calm down “Can-can’t you just wear something that you brought for tomorrow?”

“Then I wouldn’t have anything clean for your orientation. It’s not like I planned to ruin these.”

“C-can I just wait in the car then?” Ashlynn said timidly, the shame of her recent act still staining her memory

Michelle nodded. “I-I’m really sorry you had to see that honey.”

Ashlynn didn’t respond. She felt strange as she looked up a department store. There was one not far away. It wasn’t an experience she could share with anyone, but it was something she’d forever have with her mother. Instinctively, she tried to repress it. Michelle took a different approach

“It just kept coming and coming. I, I didn’t know what to do-“

“Mom? Could we not talk about it?”

“It might make you feel better.”

“I want to forget.”

Michelle didn’t press. She relayed the only thing left on her mind

“I’m sorry sweetie.”

Ashlynn folded her arms and said nothing as they made their way to the next exit.

Michelle’s bladder began to throb again. It felt different. Empty, yet full. As she took the exit for the department store, she found the word for it. Irritated. She felt desperate again, but it wasn’t the same desperation that she had experienced not twenty minuets before. Ashlynn conveyed a similar concern.

“Mom? Um...don’t hate me, but I-I think…” She sighed “I have to pee again.”

“I don’t hate you Ash.”

“It was just an expression! But…I’d be nice if you acknowledged me…”

Michelle was happy her daughter was opening up, but her growing desperation gnawed at her mind, occupying space that could be better deployed to speak to her child. She responded in platitudes

“I love you.”

“You’re supposed to say that!”

“I mean it!”

Ashlynn crossed her legs, she kept her true feelings hidden, despite the fact that they were bubbling up within her. She looked at her phone. It wasn’t much further. She knew she could hold it, even as the faint smell of piss wafted over her nose. A thought struck her as they pulled into the expansive parking lot.

“Mom, are you…?”

“Am I what?”

“You’re not…peeing again…are you?”

“What?” Michelle checked herself with a quick crotch grab “No. Why would you ask?”

“It just-it…smells like…you know. Pee.”

“Oh. No. It…Sweetie, I’m really sorry” Michelle’s face turned red as they found a parking spot, finally showing her embarrassment. “It’s just from my…my pants.”

She could smell it too. It was strong, and her morning coffee was intertwined with the stench of cold pee.

As she found a parking spot, Michelle felt a heavy weight in her bladder again. Weak from her long hold before her accident, it was bothered again. What had started as a twinge in the diner parking lot was now an itch that only time over a toilet could scratch. She had to pee again, and her desperation was growing with every passing second.

Ashlynn was in a similar predicament. Unlike her mother, who’s bladder was weakened both by life as a mother and through her recent hold, her younger bladder was only reacting to her recent predicament. Though her desperation was rapidly growing, she did not have the same fear that Michelle did. Her brain still refused to let her bladder release into her leggings.

Michelle did not have this luxury as they entered the large store. She pressed her thighs together as she dripped slightly into her already sodden panties. Her brain, having lost the battle once, had a weaker argument against her bladder. Why shouldn’t it release again into her jeans. The cool, moist wetness on her legs tantalized what urine was still in her bothered bladder. As she made a quick beeline for the bathroom, Michelle felt another fresh dribble leak into her panties. She had to navigate through the bustling store, knowing that she was the object of others surprise. A woman in already soaked jeans, speed walking into a public restroom was not a common sight.

Cupping her privates with her free hand, and holding her large purse over her other shoulder, Michelle pushed the bathroom door open. It was a large bathroom, enough to accommodate a store of its size, and there were plenty of other women inside.

Upon opening the door, Michelle’s ears were greeted by the sound of a flushing toilet. The auditory stimulation was too much for her weakened bladder. A spurt of hot pee flew out of her mature snatch, and was quickly followed by another. As Michelle hustled to the only open stall at the end of the row, she saw a brief show of herself in the mirror. A mother, in wet jeans, purse over her shoulder, desperately spirting pee into her panties was not the mask she wanted to project to the world. But it’s what she was.

Michelle couldn’t stop the quick spirts of pee that were making their way into her jeans as she opened the stall door. Dashing desperately to her porcelain savior, she fiddled with the button on her drenched cutoffs.

As she removed her hand, she felt her bladder release. Her hand had acted as a forceful stop, a barrier it did not want to cross, without it, she was doomed. A warm trickling feeling began in her crotch. Her labia tickled and twinged as she felt a rush of hot pee fall out of her. As she continued to force the wet buttons of her jeans open, she could only utter her desire for her bladder to halt

“No, no, no! Sh-I’m peeing!” She whispered

Her already stained jeans darkened again as she rewet them, the same warm sensation running down her thighs. A new, dark stain blossomed over the old as her larger thighs began to jiggle and shake. Finally, her buttons cooperated, and she shimmed out of her soaking jeans, still peeing.

Without stopping herself, Michelle turned herself around and sat down on the toilet, finally releasing her pee. Then it stopped. In just seconds, she was only dripping, a sign that she was done. Putting her head into her hands, the only thing Michelle could do was laugh.

Ashlynn followed her mother to the restroom, though at a slower pace than Michelle’s quickened steps. The rising desperation worried her. She hadn’t felt such an onset of desperation before. Her anxious mind hadn’t yet processed her embarrassment from her bathroom floor pee, and it was now being dealt another worry. What if this was her bladder now? What if she had done damage and she was doomed to a permanent weakness for good? The unceasing thoughts dominated her mind as she took a spot against the wall. The stalls had all been taken.

The fear of wetting her pants gripped her mind in a way that it had not just an hour ago. She had seen her mother do it, and she was afraid it would happen to her. Without voicing her distress, Ashlynn simply tapped her crossed legs, desperately waiting for a stall to open. It was mere seconds before one became available, but it felt like an eternity. Fear had gripped her and would not let go until she entered the stall.

Michelle reached for the toilet paper. She had dripped enough times and was ready to dry. Taking a few squares, she carefully wiped her mature pussy. Her dark public hair, once trimmed, now longer, held onto more piss than her slit. As she cleaned herself, she felt a sexual tremor arise from her wet minge. She tried to bury them as she dropped the used toilet paper into the bowl. Flushing, she pulled her now twice wet jeans back over herself, trying to deny the slightly pleasant feeling of the light warmth around her crotch.

Ashlynn whipped her leggings down along with her panties. Hovering above the public toilet bowl, she sighed as relief came to her. It quickly splattered, splashing toilet water around the bowl as it rushed out of her. Expecting her bladder to be filled, similar to what she had just experienced, Ashlynn was surprised as her stream quickly slowed. While still lightly traveling out of her snatch, it only dripped into the bowl. Frustrated, Ashlynn contracted her muscles, to only be met with the same result. A quick jet of pee, then nothing but dripping drops of yellowish liquid.

Michelle waited for her daughter just outside of the bathroom. She could feel the different reactions around her as other patrons passed by. Some simply stared, others snickered, and more still looked behind for a second glance. Michelle had her sunglasses down, protecting her eyes and perhaps her privacy, but all eyes were on her. Her pants had cooled again, drying from their second wetting, but they smelled. Michelle simply had to stand there and take it all in, the gravity of what she had done finally hitting her. She was embarrassed to say the least, and every instinct told her to flee, but she had to wait for her daughter. Moreover, she had to get new pants.

It wasn’t hard to find her mother. All Ashlynn had to do was look to her left, and she could easily spot the forty year old woman with piss-stained jeans. As the smell of fresh pee hit her nostrils, Ashlynn asked her mother if they could separate

“I-I’m just too embarrassed. Everyone’s looking at you.”

“I get it. I’ll meet you by the front.” Michelle hid her feelings. As her daughter walked away, she reneged

“Wait. Honey.”

Ashlynn turned

“I-it. It would be nice to have you near me.”

Ashlynn looked at her mother, unable to see her eyes through her sunglasses, then back down at her wet jeans

“Can I just meet you by the front? Maybe we can talk later?”

It was enough of a win for Michelle. She nodded, and watched her daughter leave. Michelle was off to find new pants.

Michelle’s initial brevity had worn off by the time she made it to the pants isle. Grabbing and sorting through pairs of new pants had done much to drill home just what she had done. Her inability to control herself, and forcing her daughter to use the floor were forever burned into her memory. The feeling of her own wet pants as Ashlynn squatted on the floor troubled her. Her scolded herself for her failings as a mother. For these, there was no one to blame but herself.

Her thoughts were interrupted by a saleswomen. Dressed in a black skirt and stockings, she wore a smile that spoke of condescension.

“Can I help you find anything?”

“No. Just need to find a pair that goes with my shirt.”

“Oh. Oh my, what happened?” The saleswomen feigned concern. Michelle knew better

“I’m driving my daughter up to school.” Michelle’s smile was one of pain “And I had too much coffee before we could stop…so this…this is pee.” She motioned over her still stained jeans. She tried not to cry as she smiled “I-I peed myself.”

The saleswoman seemed to take joy in Michelle’s embarrassment.

“Well, we have stores all over the state. So next time that happens, you come see us.”

“I-I don’t plan on doing this again.”

“Oh, no I meant next time you have to go. Restrooms open to paying customers.” She still wore her fake smile as she turned away from Michelle. As the woman left, Michelle heard her grumble “Just not open to employees…”

The woman probably assumed that Michelle hadn’t seen her slightly bobbing knees as she walked away. Michelle had some solace. Serves you right, bitch! Looking in her hand, she had a pair of darker, pre ripped jeans. They were longer, but they’d do the job.

Making her way to the changing rooms was less embarrassing, as Michelle had the protection of the large shelves that housed different pairs of clothes to hide behind. Once inside, she found an open stall and shut the door behind her.

Getting her damp jeans off was more difficult than she had expected. They stuck and clung to her wide thighs, as she contorted her body to work them off. Eventually they slid down, along with her panties. Those, she picked up out of the crumpled mess and held in her hand. She squeezed them. Cold pee ran out, wetting her hand. The scent of her two wettings wafted over her. The same twinge returned. A sexual excitement that sent a shock up her spine. Instinct took over, if only for a moment, as she lightly touched her mature labia. Shaking her head, Michelle dashed those thoughts out of her mind and tossed her peed panties into a small wastebin. Trying to bury her thoughts, she put her new jeans on, and hustled out, holding her old jeans under her arm.

Ashlynn was unaware that her mother was no longer wearing panties. But the fact that she was no longer in wet jeans was obvious. No longer would people stare. She could return to being just another face in the crowd. As they paid for her mother’s new jeans and left the department store, Ashlynn wanted nothing more than for their embarrassing day to end.

They were silent for a while. There wasn’t much on the road to gawk at, and the two were already well aware of the predicament they had just recovered from. Occasionally, Ashlynn found herself nodding off. As she found herself slipping into sleep, she heard her mother ask

“Ashlynn. Can we talk about it?”

“Mmpf. What’s there to talk about?”

“I don’t know. I guess. I just understand that what you saw could be traumatic, and I want you to feel like you can talk about it.”

“Ok.”

“So is there anything you want to talk about?”

Ashlynn sighed. “Yeah. But. We’ve been through enough today. I don’t…lets just get through today.”

“You can tell me, sweetie.”

“I…you really want to know?”

Michelle nodded

“I think you only care when it concerns you. Like. If we switched roles, you wouldn’t care.”

“Why would you say that?” Michelle was hurt

“Because you never seem to care when anything else happens to me! Dad’s the one I talk to!”

“You can still come talk to me.”

“Sure. But you only ever tell me that you’re busy. Or that there’re more important things in life. It’s like you never really take me seriously.”

“But I do! I’m your mother! Of course I take you seriously.”

“Dad actually shows it.”

“How? How is he different? I got you a nice graduation gift, didn’t I?”

“Because he doesn’t try to buy me things and call it parenting!” She waited, debating on continuing to speak her mind. “And it’s his money anyways…”

“Hey! I work! I run a business!”

“Recruiting people to sell oil is not a business mom!” Ashlynn paused “I’m sorry. Can we drop this? I’m done.”

“Fine.” Michelle answered curtly.

The rest of the ride to the hotel was silent. Part of Michelle wanted to drop it and get this trip over with, the other reminded herself of why she wanted to do this alone with her child.

Their next conversation consisted of dinner plans. They were spending the night in a small town, and options were limited. But eventually it was decided that they would eat at a small Italian place. It was dark. Small, and the food was bland. But it would do for them. Conversation was minimal. Their last argument weighing heavily on both of their minds. Michelle pressed again.

“I didn’t know you hated what I do for a living.”

“I don’t hate it. I just know where the money comes from. I mean. You’re never up before ten.”

“That doesn’t mean I don’t work Ashlynn!” Michelle picked at her spaghetti

“But Dad’s up before me for school. He’s already working before the sun. He runs a real business, you know?”

“Maybe we drop this? Look. You said you feel like I don’t care about you.”

Ashlynn took a bite of her salad and nodded

“Why?”

“You never teach me anything. Like dad taught me stuff that I didn’t even care all that much about. I wish…like…you remember when I got my first period?”

Michelle almost laughed at the question, and the memory “Yeah! That was cute” She chuckled

“No it wasn’t! I was scared! Dad had to tell me what it was!”

“Didn’t you learn? You just said he taught you things.”

“You should have taught me that!”

“I gave you a book!”

“I’m not reading a book on that stuff! Especially not at that age. How hard is it to have a conversation?”

“Okay. Fine. I get it, maybe I should have said something, but your father handled it.”

“And he shouldn’t have to!”

The conversation halted as it reached its natural lull. Michelle grew a smile on her face

“But did he let you drink with him?”

“No…no he didn’t.”

“Would you like some of my wine?”

“Can I?” Ashlynn’s eyes lit up

Michelle motioned for her to bring her glass over and poured some out for her daughter. The two giggled as Ashlynn took a sip

“Good, right?”

Smacking her lips, Ashlynn agreed

“Some more?”

Ashlynn nodded. Their conversation resumed, although a little lighter than it had been before.

When the check was paid, and the food was finished, mother and daughter made their way back to their hotel room. Calmer after their talk, the two went about getting ready for bed with efficiency. Michelle dawned her long sleeve pajamas. A bright, orange-reddish combination with a pattern, cozy and comfortable. Ashlynn slipped into an old pair of green shorts and a white t-shirt, and climbed into the only bed in the room. It was a tighter fit, but they each had enough room. As Michelle shut the light, Ashlynn asked her an innocent question

“Hey, how’d you and Dad meet again?”

“I was a waitress at a restaurant he used to frequent. He was nice.”

“He isn’t now?”

“No, he is, but…” Michelle smiled, nostalgic “Things are different when you’re your age.”

“Do you think I’ll meet my husband?”

“Who knows? But you make sure he’s a good guy!”

“I’ll be sure. That’s the easy part.”

“Like how you thought Tim was a good guy?”

“Mom!” Ashlynn playfully smacked her

Michelle giggled “Just teasing! Maybe I’ll teach you that tomorrow.”

“That wouldn’t be a bad thing to learn” Ashlynn admitted “Thanks for the wine mom.”

“Just between us.” Michelle paused “You know. I’m surprised you didn’t go when we got back to the room. First time alcohol usually does that.”

“Why? Did it get you?”

Michelle laughed “Yeah. Had to jump out of the car and use a field. That’s something I should have taught you today. How to pee outside.”

“Ew! No!”

Michelle laughed “Fine! Learn the hard way!”

Ashlynn giggled, finally loosening up “Are you sure you don’t need to go before bed?”

“Oh, I can hold my wine sweetie!”

“Even after today?” Ashlynn joked

“Mamma knows what she doing!” The two shared in a light moment as they laughed

“Night mom.”

“Night Ash.”

With that, the two grew silent. Michelle fell asleep first, finding comfort, even on her side. Ashlynn was next, sprawled out on her back.

Moments quickly turned to hours that passed. The room eventually grew as dark as the midnight that surrounded the hotel. Without the chattering voices of other patrons, or the hum of the air conditioner, both mother and daughter had reached a deep sleep. Though for Michelle, this was a problem. Driving for more than ten hours had fatigued her, and the wine at dinner had contributed to her deep sleep. It had also contributed to her full bladder. While she had not gone to sleep desperate, she had not gone after dinner. The salty Italian food had forced her to consume enough water to go along with her wine, and she had inadvertently filled her bladder.

Urgently, her bladder sent signals to her brain, warning her of its full condition. Rest took precedent. Worse still, her muscles were tired from her desperate failure that morning. Begging her to wake up, her bladder urgently alerted Michelle’s brain that it needed to be voided. No response. Though her body had slowed the production of urine, her tired muscles provided little assistance in holding the mature woman’s full bladder. Time passed, the plight of her slumbering bladder urging again and again, promising that it needed to be voided soon.

Suddenly, a light sheen dribbled out of Michelle’s slit. It moved slowly, and ran down her skin before resting on her thigh. It was quickly followed by a slightly more rapid flow of liquid that caused the sleeping Michelle to smile. Comfort came as her bladder voided. Michelle was peeing her bed.

Given that she was asleep, the contents of her bladder moved slowly, without the aid of contracting muscles. Slowly, the orange color of her pajama’s darkened, as her running pee spilled out of her. Michelle was still sleeping on her side, and this caused much of her initial wetness to rest on her thigh. Shortly, the crotch of her pajama’s blossomed into a massive stain as gravity aided in pulling her pooling liquid towards the bed. Soon a stain formed on the bed underneath her. It grew slowly as Michelle unconsciously, unknowingly wet the bed.

As the puddle of piss grew, it quickly reached the edge of the bed. A dripping sound cut through the silence of the dark room. It turned into a tap as more and more fresh pee splashed onto the carpet below. Rhythmically, it created a second puddle on the floor.

The back of Michelle’s pajama’s were not spared either. Her slowly cascading flow of urine pooled out of the back of her as she continued to wet the bed. A clear stream produced a similar sheen on her backside, as her thighs let more urine flow down the backs of her legs. Another puddle formed under her, and expanded from the back. As it grew, the wetness moved upward first, wetting the back of her pajama top. Finally, as the last of her piss fell out of Michelle’s bladder, the puddle widened. Enough to touched Ashlynn’s sprawled out hand.

Ashlynn had taken up much of the bed space. One arm hung over the edge, while the other was close to her now wet mother. Her legs were much the same, with one close to the edge of the bed, and the other close to her mother’s body. Normally, the eighteen year old would have fine nighttime control, but now that her hand was resting in her mother’s puddle of urine, her mind was weakened. The little bit of wine that rested in her own filling bladder now had an excuse to escape, along with her soda at dinner.

As the younger woman slept, suddenly, her shorts also began to darken. The sea-foam green color showed the yellow pee as it burst forward, then stopped. Ashlynn’s mind took back control, knowing her bladder was not to be voiding. For a few moments, Ashlynn remained asleep, with only a nickel-sized stain on her crotch. Then it widened, and stopped. Then again, and again. By the time it grew across her crotch, Ashlynn, like her mother, was wetting the bed.

The puddle expanded downward, flowing straight from its source. The puddle reached past her thighs, creating an unmistakable stain between them. What sounded like a creek gently pushing itself over rocks was in fact Ashlynn’s urine pushing though her tight snatch. As her bladder fully contracted, the slight trickle had a small stream to it. The pee pooled around her genitals, forming a small lake just below her crotch. The pool of urine then seeped into the sides of her shorts, giving her formerly the formerly green fabric a dark hue. As the last of her urine poured out, it soaked the back of her loose shirt. The entirety of Ashlynn’s butt was drenched in urine, yet the stain didn’t extend past her legs. Her spread legs now housed a cooling pool of urine. Without knowing it, Ashlynn had peed her pajamas and in her bed.

As Michelle rolled over, she unknowingly splashed her top in her cold pool of nighttime piss. The room was quiet again, the sounds of a mother and daughter having a accident could no longer be heard. Though there would be much to discover in the morning. The staining pools of piss in the bed, and the now see-through stain on Michelle’s pajama’s gave her away, just as Ashlynn’s stained shorts and large puddle gave her away as well.

A/N: My main worry with this chapter is that there wasn't really any desperation, and it made the department store and restaurant scenes drag a little. Though I did like the idea of the saleswoman being desperate herself, hopefully that was enough to make the scene work. How did you like the fact that Michelle had to walk in such a busy store with wet pants, and did it add to the story that she might be unknowingly into omo? Was it embarrassing enough, or conveyed enough embarrassment? Lastly, how do you think Ashlynn will react when she wakes up, will it ruin some of the progress that her mother made with her?

*008*2022-04-08 02:53

{{8 hours ago, orangelion said:

I don't feel like the this chapter dragged at all, it was just a bit lighter on the omo and the plot makes up for it. I still think it had enough desperation with Michelle barely making it and the saleswoman being desperate. I don't feel like Michelle was greatly embarrassed in this scenario, but I think it was because she was just a bit numb to it at this point as a result of her previous accident. I did like the description of people looking at her in wet pants. I think in a real scenario most people would just stare at her without saying anything just like it's presented here.

I do find it a bit odd that Michelle is a bit excited by the situation given that she is embarrassed for herself and her daughter in addition to feeling bad for her daughter having to go through all this. I think Ashlynn's accident will ruin the progress with her mother. She was already distraught when she had to pull down her pants and pee on the floor in the first chapter. Now, I imagine actually wetting the bed will be several times worse.

}}

That's great news, that the chapter didn't drag. I was worried about the lack of desperation. It's hard to lead into a realistic bedwetting scenario with it, I'm glad the story was able to hold its place!

I'm glad too that the aftermath of her standing in her wet jeans was enjoyable without being in the way. I kept coming back to it, so the fact that it was never grating as a reader is a huge positive! I was hoping that her excitement would stem from the simple fact that she wet herself, and not the fact that everyone saw her. But in rereading my work, I can see how you would come to this conclusion. It's not really something I plan on exploring though, so I guess it'll just be a chapter 2 oddity.

{{5 hours ago, TrailRunner said:

First of all, I think this story is terrific and I love your writing.

As for your questions, I didn't find the lack of desperation to be an issue at all. In fact I liked that both chapters were different. The oblique hint at a third character being desperate is a fun little addition.

I feel like Ashlynn would be mad at her mother, maybe not unreasonably, for letting her have the wine. But perhaps if she woke up first she could change quickly and her mom may not even know.

Looking forward to whatever is next!

}}

I like your writing too! For those who don't know, TrailRunner has a great story here

, which you should read too!

It makes me feel better about the chapter, that you and orangelion said that the chapter wasn't hurt by the lack of desperation. And I too like adding little hints that other characters might be desperate. It lets the reader take one home and imagine their own scenario. In this case, wither or not the saleswoman made it.

Would also like to know your thoughts on the idea that Michelle might actually be into omo. Is that, in your opinion, a benefit as an aside, or an unnecessary insinuation on my part?

Thank you both for your feedback!
