The longest day

Author: Kayoo

*000*2025-04-23 23:52

Hello everyone, before starting i just want to say that im not a native so my english might be strange somtimes (i used a translator sometimes) and also it's my first long version of an fiction so.. you know don't be rude 🙂

The sun had risen pale and gray, like a cold breeze over the still-sleeping city. In the teachers' lounge of the Lycée Paul-Valéry, Laura Dumont had taken her usual place, silent, orderly, unchanging. Tall, straight-shouldered, her chestnut hair neatly combed, she wore her de rigueur uniform as always: black pants cinched at the waist, a perfectly ironed white shirt, and her dark jacket buttoned with meticulous attention to detail. Everything about her exuded calm and control.

But behind this mastery, a trouble was brewing. By the third hour of class, something inside her had begun to drift.

It had started gently, almost imperceptibly - a slight weight in her lower abdomen, like a forgotten reminder. She had drunk her morning tea, then another offered cup without thinking about it, like an automatism. It wasn't the first time she'd found herself like this, but rarely had the sensation set in so early. Yet she didn't break her rule. The school toilets were forbidden territory. Impure, even. Too much proximity, too much noise, too many foreign smells. Her modesty couldn't bear the thought.

So she held back.

As the hours passed, the sensation became more pervasive, a dull, insistent presence in her belly, like an invisible hand slowly squeezing a pressure point. Her gestures remained calm, her words too but her whole being tensed, silently. Her body was a closed theater, and although her need to pee was more than real, no one in the room was able to guess her enormous need.

Over the course of the afternoon, she began to discreetly adjust her posture. Cross her legs, uncross them. Leaning slightly forward in her chair, then straightening. At times, her gaze was fixed on an invisible point, an effort of absolute concentration not to give in to the obsession that was rising. Without even realizing it, she would tap her foot, trying to hold back the torrent of pee inside. Occasionally, a student would ask her a question, and her voice would become a little softer, as if to mask the storm rumbling inside.

Every minute was an ordeal.

She could no longer ignore the tension. She didn't let it show, but her body was struggling. Her belly was hard, aching, and every step became a tightrope walk. A sharp cramp had caught her while she was correcting a copy; she'd frozen for a moment, breathless, her hand gripping the pen so tightly it turned her knuckles white. Her other hand had moved towards her crotch, wanting to squeeze with all its might, but had stopped in mid-action. Then she resumed, as if nothing had happened.

At one point, as she bent down to pick up a fallen notebook, a shiver ran through her - and a sudden, brief, tiny warmth humiliated her silence. One heartbeat too many. A tiny leak, which she knew immediately, without even checking. She stood up slowly, her eyes on the students, and resumed her lesson. Unperturbed. But this time, a new fear was added to the pain.

At 4 p.m., when the bell finally rang for the end of class, she left her room in absolute calm. But in the intimacy of her gait, there was a new rigidity. Her stomach muscles contracted, her thighs pressed lightly together. Every step was meticulous, thought out so as not to aggravate anything.

She climbed into her car and closed the door in an almost religious silence. Alone in the cabin, she let out a shaky breath. It wasn't yet a sigh of relief. She wasn't there yet. Twenty minutes still separated her from home. Twenty minutes to hold back, to control, to ignore the surges of panic that emerged at every bend, every slowdown. A poorly negotiated speed bump made her whole abdominal girdle vibrate, and once again, for a brief moment, she lost her footing - barely a second, but enough to feel the silent humiliation once again. She closed her eyes for half a second, bit her lip and continued. She had no choice.

When she finally arrived in front of her house, she turned off the engine with measured gestures. Everything in her was screaming to go fast - but she couldn't. She was still holding on. She was still holding on. A handful of seconds, one last stretch.

The key turned in the lock. The beat of her heart was a bell in her chest. She closed the door behind her, threw her bag at her feet, and began, with calculated slowness, to make her way to the bathroom. The impending relief was almost painful to imagine. She could already see herself undoing her belt, that damned too-tight belt, and could almost hear the water running. Her pace quickened in spite of herself, an irrepressible urgency. Every muscle screamed.She reached the door. Her hand touched the handle.

She entered. Unbuckled the belt. Lowered the zipper.

Her hard-worn pants slowly slid down, letting her wet cunt breathe, a small stream coming out wetting her panties even more as panic flashed across her face.

And then, like a sharp thunderclap in the tense silence of the house, the doorbell rang.

Just once. Enough.

She froze, in a position bordering on the intimate. Her breath caught. And this time, the leak wasn't tiny. An uncontrollable moment, pure terror. She shuddered as she pulled her pants up and closed them, not daring to look down. Not now, she didn't. She couldn't afford to give in. Not yet.

The doorbell rang again.

She left the room, resuming the straight, impeccable gait shaped by years of restraint and education. Her face closed like a mask. Not a word. Not a complaint.

She opened the door.

- Hi Laura,” said the man, a smile on his lips. Tall, dark, frank-looking. Her old friend Thomas. He was holding a small bag, a bottle sticking out. I was passing by and thought you'd like it. She forced a smile. He was sincere, gentle. But he was coming at a time when everything inside her was screaming.

- Of course, come in,” she replied.

She stepped aside to let him pass, her heart on the verge of a riot, her body screaming in silent frustration. She didn't even dare to move completely. Every muscle was a dam.

- You look tired,” he said, setting the bag down on the living room table.

She smiled again.

- Long day,” she replied softly.

She sat on the edge of the sofa, crossing her legs carefully. She was still holding on. Barely. The image of the bathroom door remained imprinted in her mind like a broken promise.

Thomas talked, laughed a little. He was telling a light-hearted anecdote, as usual. She nodded, slipping in well-placed words. Inside, everything was chaos. But nothing appeared.

The real relief, she knew, would come later. When he was gone. When she was alone again, free at last. Only then could she give in - but without ever losing her dignity.

And that moment finally arrived. Late in the evening.

Thomas left, after a last smile and a brief embrace.

When she closed the door behind him, she didn't bother to tidy up. She didn't regain her composure. She crossed the corridor like a ship adrift, without even turning on the light. She reached the same door again. She quickly entered the toilet, and another leak occurred, soft but desperate moans could be heard as she struggled with her belt. She dropped her pants again, revealing her shaved pussy, which in no time at all sprayed first her panties by the time she sat down, then the rim of the porcelain bowl once she was seated. PSHHHH PSSHHHHHHHHHH PSHHHHHH, the sound of her urine smashing against the porcelain broke the silence of the house. When she'd finished, she toweled herself off, and put on only her wet pants and panties. She took off her top and stepped into the shower. “That was really close” she thought.

The end.

If you have any comments on what should i do to improve myself im all yours !!

