Sandy, Pearl, Mandy second holding contest

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-05-27 23:38

Second holding contest of Sandy Cheeks, Pearl Krabs and Princess Mandy.

It was start of the day in Bikini Bottom. Sandy has just wake up. After a while she felt, that her panties and bed were wet and hot. She haven't gone pee before sleeping, and had dream that she sits on toilet, peeing. It made her wet the bed. She didn't really care too much.

- Things happen. - Said Sandy to herself, and put down her green panties. She changed her bed sheets and went to bathroom. She went to take a shower. After finishing showering, which she focused down her crotch, still in bathtube she spreaded her legs and started to empty her bladder - She haven't let it all out in bed. After finishing peeing, she used towel and put on other green panties.

Meanwhile, in Mr. Krabs' house...

Pearl just woke up, feeling massive urge to pee. Her father was always out for work at the time when she was waking up. She always had massive urge to pee at mornings. Pearl after waking up always was pretty sleepy for few minutes. She went to toilet, holding her crotch. She reached for knob. It didn't worked. Pearl tried pushing doors harder, but there was no use, the doors were stuck. She leaked a bit from stress - in the morning her holding ability was low. She knew that she has only few more minutes before peeing herself. Pearl tried to stay calm. She has put her white panties down, just in case if she started to pee herself. She was thinkng about options... "Crane in kitchen? No, first of all my butt is too thick, and It wouldn't fit in there, and I would pee all over floor, and the second is that there is window right behind it".

"Peeing outside is not a good idea. I don't want anyone to see my naked butt." - She thought. While Pearl was thinking about places where she could pee, small stream of pee ran down her leg. And then another. "Oh, why that toilet must be locked! I could have sweet relief... Oh so sweet relief..." - Pearl thought and imaginated that feeling of finally peeing... She could hear that hissing sound of peeing... But suddently she cut out from that thought, and noticed that the sound is real. She was peeing herself. She felt streams of hot pee going down her legs... It turned her up a lot. She began to moan. Pearl was peeing for 3 minutes, fingering herself.

After finishing peeing, she reminded herself of holding contest with Sandy Cheeks and Mandy, and that they wanted to repeat it someday. Pearl thought, that it was nice idea to remind her friends of that. But before that, she had to get to toilet to get towel to cleanup mess which she made. When she walked to toilet, the door knob now worked. She laughted, and got towel. After drying floor, she has put on her white panties and pink dress. She was going to Sandy, to remind her of holdin contest.

After entering Sandy's house Pearl began to tell what happened to her during morning. Sandy told her about her morning.

- Do you remember our holding contest? - Pearl asked.

- Yes, how could I forgot? - Replied Sandy with big smile on her face.

- How about second turn today? - Suggested Pearl.

- That's nice id- but before Sandy could finish, Mandy has used her magic to get to Sandy's house.

- So we are going to have another holding contest today! - Said excited Mandy.

- Maybe we'll change the rules a bit? - Suggested Sandy.

- Oh, I got idea already. It will be more exciting this time - Said Mandy.

To be continued (I'll be posting new parts pretty often in this topic, I plan that fanfic to be quite longer)

*003*2019-05-31 00:23

Here is the second part. Also Omo luna I'm not really into it, so I'll probably not add it. Sorry.

- Okay, so my idea is to make our bladders ten times bigger to make our contest longer and more exciting - Said Mandy.

- That idea is awesome! - Said Sandy.

- Oh, you Pearl would have only five times bigger bladder, because your normal bladder is twice as big as my or Sandy's - Said Mandy to Pearl.

- Yeah, that's quite fair, because I'm a whale - Said Pearl blushing.

- Do we have same rules as last time? - Sandy asked.

- Well, actually I've got new set of rules, which are:

1. No one can use a toilet during time of contest.

2. Before contect starts everyone has to pee at the same time.

3. After first person pee herself she is not allowed to change clothes, her bladder is going back to normal size and still can't use toilet. Also after that bladder of others will get bigger by two times than before.

4. No one can take off their underwear/pants when wetting.

5. Challanges will be selected during game.

- Is it alright? - Mandy asked after reading whole set of rules.

- So the first of us to pee will probably pee herself few more times? - Pearl asked, feeling worried. What if she peed herself first?

- Yes. Also we'll be doing it not only at Sandy's house. We'll be going in many places at the Bikini Bottom - Mandy answered.

- Seems more interesting. I'm in - Said Sandy.

- Me too! - Said Pearl.

- Okay, so we can start now! - Said Mandy.

- Wait, if we are going outside, me and you Mindy will have only panties and skirt, but Sandy will need her suit which will make her wetting invisible! - Said Pearl to Mandy.

- But I need that suit! I can't breathe under water! - Said Sandy.

- Well, I can make you able to breathe under water, Sandy. - Said Mandy.

- Okay, I'll go in my green panties and my green bra then. - Said Sandy.

- Okay, so we are starting after we go pee! - Said Mandy.

Girls had only one toilet in tree-house, and they had to pee at the same time before contest, so they decided not to only pee in the toilet. All three of them entered restroom. Sandy took of her panties and sat on toilet, while Pearl, after taking off her panties, entered shower. Mandy had no place to pee now, because Pearl was barely fitting in the shower.

- I'll just pee myself on floor and clear it with my magic - Said Mandy red faced. Pearl and Sandy agreed. After counting down from 3 they started peeing. It took only few seconds for them. After that they went outside tree.

- Okay, I'm enlarging our bladders. You'll not look any different, it will make bladders same size, but just more capable with magic. - Said Mandy, and enlarged her, Sandy's and Pearl's bladders. Girls haven't notced any difference. She also made Sandy able to breath under water.

- So it started - Said Sandy with smile.

- Let's go to Krusty Krab then - Said Pearl.

- But before that let's drink 2 glasses of water - Said Mandy and gave everyone 1 glass of water which refilled itself after girls drank all the water.

- Now we can go! - Said Mandy.

After 15 minutes of walk, they were at the krusty krab. Sandy ordered 3 big krabby soda and 2 krabby patties for each of them. As it was start of the day, and Spongebob was super happy, they got their order after 1 minute. Girls sat at the corner table. After each of them ate both patties and two glasses of soda Sandy has got idea.

- Last of us to drink that last glass of soda has to drink another one! - She said to girls and started drinking. Quickly after her Pearl and Mandy habe done the same. Pearl first drank it all, after her was Sandy.

- Now you have to get another one! - Said Pearl to Mandy.

Mandy ordered that soda and drank it pretty quickly.

- We were here for half hour, let's go to mall - Suggested Sandy.

Pearl and Mandy agreed. Mall was 20 minutes walk from Krusty Krab. They spent here one hour. Mandy has bought three 1l water bottles for each of them.

- Better to keep hydrated! - She said it after handing one to Pearl and one to Sandy. Mandy started to drink her water, and after her Pearl and Sandy have done the same.

- We would be probably very desperated by now with our normal bladders - Said Pearl.

- Yeah, It's weird to drink that much and feel not even small urge - Said Sandy.

- It will change after some time - Said Mandy.

To be continued... (I'll try to write next part tommorow if I'll have some time)

*006*2019-06-01 01:03

And here is third chapter.

- Maybe we'll go to The Glove World? - Suggested Pearl.

- Yeah, why not. - Said Sandy.

And the girls went to the Glove World. They first went to glove rollercoaster. Girls really liked it. After that they went to the glove ferris wheel, but it stuck when they were at top of it.

- Ugh, so what are we going to do now? - Asked Pearl with fear.

- We have to wait - Said Mandy.

- How about drinking some glove-juice to kill time? - suggested Sandy and handed each of them one bottle (0,5l juice) with glove as a topper. They drank it in a matter of seconds. Pearl was now shaking in place.

- Don't tell me, that you already have to pee! - Said Mandy laughting.

- It's not urge... I just don't like being stuck on heights - Said Pearl. It was true.

After 30 minutes the wheel was repaired and girls went off. They went to other attractions, drinking a lot of water in time between using them. Girls spent 2 hours in total in The Glove World.

- Maybe we can go to cinema now? There is new movie, Fishmens: Startgame. It's very long - Said Pearl. Sandy and Mandy agreed. They went to the cinema and bought the tickets.

- The movie is 3 hours long, would you like to buy something to eat and drink? - Offered seller.

- Yes, we would like to buy 6 big popcorn bags, 2 for each of us and 12 giant sodas, 4 for each of us. - Sandy ordered.

After getting their order they entered the giant room with huge screen. They sat next to 6 teenage girls. They were the only people in the room. After 30 minutes of ads the movie started. One hour passed since that and our trio drank 1 giant glass of soda already. The girls next to them were already quite desperate. Half hour later half of the girls went to toilet holding their crotch. The half who remained were shaking in seats. After the first half returned, they went to toilet. Meanwhile Pearl, Mandy and Sandy drank another giant glass of soda without feeling any urge. After the movie ended, the 6 teenagers quickly dashed to toilet. Pearl, Mandy and Sandy went to restroom but only to wash hands from popcorn. Pearl and Mandy left the restroom already. While Sandy was drying her hands, girl who was sitting next to her during the movie asked her:

- Hi, I've noticed that you drank 4 giant sodas during movie. Don't you have to you know... Use toilet?

- Oh, I don't have to, why you asking? - Replied Sandy.

- You haven't gone to toilet during movie or after movie. How can you still hold it? I were almost wetting myself at the end with only 2 large soda and break for pee in the middle of movie! - The girl said.

- I have strong bladder, I suppose. - Sandy replied blushing and left the restroom.

- It's 6:00PM already! What are we doing now? - Asked Mandy.

- Let's go to Spongebob for tea. - Suggested Sandy. Girls agreed.

After 30 minutes of walk, they got to Spongebob's house. Sandy knocked few times and Spongebob opened the doors.

- Hi Sandy, Pearl and... Who are you? - Spongebob asked Mandy.

- Oh, I'm Mandy, princess of the seas. - Said Mandy.

- Ooooooo that's cool! Come inside! - Said Spongebob.

- So, would you like to have anything to drink? Chocolate? Tea? Coffee? - He offered.

- Maybe tea for each of us - Said Pearl. Girls agreed.

After Spongebob made tea, each girl drank 5 cups of it.

- You have been really thirsty, haven't you? - Spongebob asked.

- Yes, kinda - Said Sandy.

- Maybe you would like to hear me and Garry singing? - suggested Spongebob.

- Oh, we have to go already. It's 7:30 pm. - Said Sandy, who didn't want to hear Spongebob singing. Right before they left, Spongebob said to Sandy:

- You drank a lot of that tea... Maybe you shall use bathroom... You remember your last accident while you were working with enlar-

- I don't have to, bye! - Said Sandy cutting off Spongebob's words.

- What 'Accident' is he talking about? - Asked curious Pearl.

- Oh I didn't cared about my urge while working on my new invention... And it happened... I wet myself... - Said Sandy blushing.

- Oh, it happens. I've once wet myself while studying my magic. I weren't paying any attention to my bladder, until I felt streams going down my tail, but then it was too late - Said Mandy.

- Yeah, that's right it happens. Today I've wet myself because doors to toilet were broken. - Said Pearl.

Girls went to Sandy's house. They were all tired. Mandy used her magic to create 3 beds outside the tree.

- I got idea - Suddently said Mandy. - To make our contest more exciting I'll give us 3 exacly the same dreams which will make our urge grow.

- That sounds good! - Said Pearl.

- It might be hard, but ok! - Said Sandy. She was a little worried that she might wet herself while being asleep.

To be continued... (I'll again try to write next chapter tommorow)

*011*2019-06-02 23:57

Bees, I'm sorry for that mistake. I've had a problem with searching her name (I didn't remember it from movie in my language) and I've found her image with Mandy name. I'll be now calling her correctly, thanks for informing me!

- Okay, good night! - Said Pearl, as girls went to bed.

- Good night! - Mindy and Sandy replied.

Sandy found herself in Keusty Krab, waiting in a line to restroom with a giant urge to pee. It was her first dream. Mindy made everyone's dream very realistic. She also made everyone think that it's reality and forget about the holding contest idea. Sandy was standing at the end of the line, doimg pee dance only in her green panties and bra. The line was moving on very, very slowly. Sandy was now holding her crotch tightly with both of her hands. After couple of minutes, she was fourth in the line.

She started hearing the hissing sound from the restroom. It made her leak a bit. She has put her hand inside panties now. When there was only one person in front of her, Sandy leaked for 2 seconds. Her face was now red. When she entered the restroom and sat on toilet and started to pee, she found herself being completly nude in the middle of Krusty Krab wetting herself. She felt streams of pee going down her legs... Puddle started to create under her... Everyone was looking at her big breasts or crotch laughting.

Meantime Pearl had the same dream. She was standing in the line to toilet in her father's restaurant, with giantic urge to pee. She had only pink panties and pink bra on her, which was making her uncomfortable. Unlike Sandy, she was trying to hide her desperation. Pearl wasn't holding her crotch or doing pee dance. She was just standing in the line, which was very slowly moving on. After a while she leaked few droplets. She just crossed her legs. There were 9 more people in front of her. Few minutes later she was fourth in the line. After hearing hissing sound from toilet she started to switch her crossed legs. She again leaked, but now she felt a stream going down her leg. But even by that Pearl wasn't going to grab her crotch in public.

Few second later huge wave of desperation has hit her. She decided to hold her crotch, not too tightly. When there was one person in front of her, she was doing pee dance, grabbing her crotch tightly with both hands. She leaked again, now for 2 seconds. Her panties were completly wet now. When she entered the toilet and sat on it without even putting her panties off she started peeing. Suddently Pearl found herself completly nude in the middle of Krusty Krab, wetting herself. She felt streams of pee going down her legs. She had no way to stop it. Everyone was looking at her huge breast, her thick butt or her crotch laughting. She was very emberrased.

Finally Mindy, just as Pearl and Sandy found herself in Krusty Krab, standing in a line with gaintic urge to pee. She had only white panties and white bra. From the start she was trying to remain calm, moving her tail from left to right. The line was again moving very slowly. Mindy knew that she can't show her desperation in front of citizens, so she was still moving her tail from left to right, biting her lip. After few minutes there were 7 people in front of her. She leaked a bit, but did nothing, hoping that no one can see stain on her panties. After few more minutes she leaked again. She could feel stream going down her tail. Mindy did nothing. Princess has to endure urge to pee without showing it to anyone, she kept thinking to herself.

There were only 5 more people in front of her. She leaked once again. After few minutes only 1 person was in front of her. Her panties were soaked. She had to go as she never had to. Mindy started to do pee dance, holding her crotch with one finger. When she was first and person inside was leaving, she heard flushing sound. Mindy started to wet herself. She quickly went inside, not removing her panties she sat on the toilet and continued to pee, with closed eyes. Suddently she heard sound, like water hitting ground. She opened her eyes and saw, that she was completly nude in the middle of the Krusty Krab, wetting herself! Everyone was staring at her big breasts and crotch, laughting. She just felt pee going down her tail.

To be continued...

*013*2019-06-06 23:59

Sandy woke up. Atleast she thought so, because she only woke up in her dream. She felt urge to pee, and went to the toilet. She was completly nude. It was classic dream, when you are peeing in the toilet, but in reality you are wetting your bed. Sandy entered the bathroom and sat on the toilet. She tried to pee, but nothing was coming out. She tried to use more force, but it didn't help. "Waterfall would help me" she thought and then in front of her a waterfall formed. Sandy stared at it for a while. She closed her eyes and relaxed herself... She started peeing really easily. In reality she was holding her crotch. If she tried to use more force instead of relaxing she could pee a little in her panties.

Pearl had the same dream. She woke up in her house, completly naked feeling big urge to pee. She went to the toilet. Pearl sat on toilet, trying to pee, but she just couldn't. She tried again after a while but with full force. It didn't help. Pearl decided to turn on the shower. She has put some water on her crotch, which made her start peeing. She was peeing for long time. In reality Pearl's panties had small wet spot with size of golfball.

Mindy has woke up in her house completly nude. She felt massive urge to pee. She quickly went to the toilet. Mindy sat on the toilet and tried to pee, but couldn't. She decided to go under shower and try to wash her crotch with warm water. It helped. After a while she felt her bladded emptying. In reality she was sleeping with one hand on her crotch.

And the last dream. The trio found themself on plains. They felt no urge at all. Suddently someone came to them. It was Judy Hopps, wearing white panties. They were wet.

- Hi, welcome to the wetting plains! You'll be there for 1 hour challenged by me and some other girls from other dimensions! - Said Judy.

- Who is she? - Pearl asked Sandy.

- Oh, she is from another dimension. I've once created portal to other dimensions, long story... I know a lot of girls form other dimensions. - Said Sandy.

Judy gave each girl glass of water. It wasn't normal water. It made the drinker have to pee very desperately. After each of them finished drinking (Judy also was drinking that water) they all started to hold their crotch. Judy started to talk about feelings of peeing. She wanted to tease girls, but it only made her start peeing.

- well, it's time for me - Said Judy as she finished peeing, and turned into Mavis Dracula. Only 40 minutes left.

- Hi, I see that you really have to pee... How about some squats? - She suggested.

Mindy, Sandy and Pearl were very desperate, but they agreed. After 20 minutes of very desperate squats, Mavis has turned into three girls... Copies of Sandy, Pearl and Mindy! The copies tried to make girls pee by peeing and saying how sweet the relief would be... Pearl and Mindy have leaked few droplets, while Sandy leaked a bit more. After the dream ended, the girls woke up, now in reality. Each of them had small wet spot on their panties.

- I understand the first 2 dreams, but the third one was messed up... - Said Pearl, Sandy nodded.

- Yeah, I made it like that so the logic is helpless, and the wetting is more possible. The weirder the dream is, the better is the chance. - Said Mindy

To be continued... (Tommorow is friday, so I'll probably have time to write next chapter)

*015*2019-06-07 23:43

- So what are we going to do now? - Pearl asked.

- How about going to Krusty Krab? I'm really hungry - Said Sandy. Pearl and Mindy agreed.

While going to Krusty Krab they were talking about their dreams. After a while Mindy said:

- I started to feel small urge to pee.

- Me too - Said Pearl and Sandy.

When they entered Krusty Krab, Sandy ordered same thing as yesterday, which was 3 krabby soda and 2 krabby patty for each of them. After eating and drinking they decided to go to Pearl's house.

- Okay, I've got a nice idea. - Said Pearl when they entered her house. - We can play Wet Uno!

- What's that? - Mindy and Sandy asked in same time.

- The rules are simple. You play as normal uno, but everytime you have to pick card, you drink quarter glass of water. It stacks, so when you get +4 you must drink whole glass. Everytime you are blocked you must drink half glass of water. - Explained Pearl. Sandy and Mindy agreed. They started playing. Sandy was starting. The starting card was green four. Sandy had no green card or four. She picked card and drank quarter glass of water. After her Pearl placed green blockade. Mindy also used blockade, so Sandy was blocked for 2 turns. She drank 1 glass of water. Pearl placed +2, Mindy had no counter so she took 2 cards and drank half glass of water. The game was going on. After few minutes Pearl finished first, and then Mindy got second place. In total Mindy drank 3 glasses of water, Pearl only one and Sandy drank five.

- Let's go to Chum Bucket - Said Sandy.

- Why there? - Pearl asked. She hated that place.

- Plankton's soda was always making everyone have to pee very fast. I saw girl coming out of Chum Bucket running to Krusty Krab with hands on her crotch screaming about how big urge Plankton's soda give. She finally peed herself. - Said Sandy.

- Well, ok then - Said Pearl. When they reached Chum Bucket Sandy ordered 3 glasses of Plankton's Soda. After they drank it they felt their urge grow. Sandy was feeling the biggest urge of them three. She started to bit her lips. Mindy and Pearl weren't showing amy sign of desperation. They were thinking where they should go...

To be continued...

*017*2019-06-10 00:26

And here comes another chapter! :)

- So where we should go? - Pearl asked.

- How about Krusty Krab? - Suggested Mindy.

- We've been there already. - Said Sandy.

- How about just walking throught city for one hour? - Said Mindy.

- That seems fine - Said Pearl, Sandy agreed.

When they were walking throught the city, Sandy checked her watch.

- Wow, it were 30 hours since we last time used toilet! - She said.

- Yeah, I started feeling urge to pee. - Said Pearl.

- Me too. - Said Sandy and Mindy.

When they were passing by Goo Lagoon, Sandy has got idea.

- Let's go to Goo Lagoon! I can be there in my panties and bra.

Pearl and Mindy agreed.

- Uh, I don't have any swimming suit. - Said Pearl.

- Don't worry, I can use my magic to get us one. - Said Mindy. The trio headen to changing rooms. They entered one cabin.

- Okay, because I've put charm which makes us unable to took off our panties, we'll put on swimming suit on our panties. I'll dry panties after we go out from goo lagoon. - Said Mindy.

- That seems good - Said Pearl.

- Pearl, what swimsuit do you want? - Mindy asked.

- I'd like one piece bright pink swimsuit. - Said Pearl.

- Here you are. - Said Mindy, and created with her magic one swimsuit matching Pearl's description. Pearl took off her bra and put on swimsuit. It looked really good on her, it was pretty tight. Mindy has got herself one piece swimsuit in white color. It was also pretty tight.

- Okay girls, let's go! - Said Sandy.

Girls entered the water, they were splashing each other for 30 minutes. After that time they went to drink something cold and eat ice cream. To their luck there was a shop with ice creams next to changing rooms. Each of them got one 1l bottle of water, which they drank in 2 minutes. And 1 ice cream on a stick with vanilla flavour.

- Last to eat the ice cream has to drink one more bottle of water! - Said Mindy. Girls started to eat ice creams quicker. First was Pearl. Mindy and Sandy finished eating in exacly same time, so they both had to drink 1l of water. After that they met Spongebob.

- You want to play volleyball? - He asked Sandy and the other girls.

- Yes, why not - Said Sandy.

- But why... - Pearl started, but Sandy quickly whispered:

- Team which loses has to drink 1l of water.

They played to 25 score. Mindy and Spongebob vs Pearl and Sandy. The game was going not too fast, whenever one team was few points ahead, the second one was quickly catching up with them. After some time the score was 24:24. The battle for everything... Sandy threw a ball, it almost touched ground, but Spongebob quickly punched it and he scored.

- Okay, bye Spongebob, we have to go now! - Said Sandy.

- Haha, you have to drink another 1l of water! - Said Mindy.

- If it keeps going like that we'll have flood under me - Said Pearl. Sandy and Mindy laughted.

After they both drank that water, they decided to go to cinema again, but to shorter movie - Aquamans: Pickle War which was 1,5 hour long. But before going to cinema, they went into changing rooms to switch their clothes. After they've done it, Mindy used her magic to dry them all. When they went to cinema, Sandy was crossing her legs. She was very desperated. After all, she drank the biggest amount of liquids of them all. Pearl was also desperated, but a little less. Mindy's urge was bigger than Pearl's. She was now biting her lips. Pearl ordered the tickets, 6 extra large glasses of soda (2 for each of them) and 3 big popcorn bags (1 for each of them)

When they entered room where the movie was played, over half of the seats were taken. Left to Sandy sat Pearl, right to Sandy sat Mindy.

- Oh Poseidon, I have to pee really bad - Muttered Sandy. Mindy and Pearl looked at each other with smirk.

To be continued...

*019*2019-06-11 13:40

While watching the movie Sandy was shaking. She couldn't sit in one place by her urge. After drinking the second glass of soda she started to hold her crotch. Mindy and Pearl on the other side were still keeping pretty well. They both had to pee really bad, but not as bad as Sandy. They were only shaking a bit in their seats. In the movie there were a lot of scenes of water, waterfalls, water streams etc. They stayed on credits - There were usually extra scenes. Sandy was really desperate. When they left the movie room, Sandy was giving small looks at the restrooms. There were a lot of girls standing in the line. It didn't bother Sandy, even if there was no one, she still couldn't use the toilet because of the rules.

- How about going back to Krusty Krab? - Suggested Pearl. - I'm pretty hungry. - She added.

- Yeah me too, but if Spongebob was on the goo lagoon then I think it's closed - Said Mindy.

- Oh, it was his break. It ended 30 minutes ago - Said Sandy, doing small pee dance.

- Let's go to Krusty Krab then! - Said Pearl.

And they went to it. They were walking slower than usual because of Sandy's urge. Pearl suddently felt her urge grow and she instantly grabbed her crotch. Mind seeing it almost laughted, but she knew that soon she will also have that big urge. Finally they reached Krusty Krab. Almost every seat was occupied. There was also big line to make a order. They waited 15 minutes. When they reached Squidward, Pearl ordered 6 krabby patties, 9 big soda. The order was ready in 5 minutes. While they were eating and drinking, Sandy was holding her crotch tightly with one hand.

- Ooo someone is desperated - Said Pearl looking at her crotch.

- Maybe... - Said Sandy and blushed.

- Well, so we see who has the smallest bladder of us all - Said Pearl. She was trying to tease Sandy.

- I don't have the smallest bladder! - Said Sandy, now with anger.

- If you had bigger bladder, you would order another soda and drank it! - Said Pearl.

- Okay, I will do it! - Said Sandy and ordered 2 Soda.

- Why you got 2 Soda? - Asked shocked Pearl.

- To prove you, that I don't have weak bladder! - Said Sandy and drank both of them within minutes. She drank in total 5 big glasses of soda in one seating at Krusty Krab.

- Well, if you want to I see no problem. - Said Mindy.

- You know what, I'm still hungry - Said Pearl. - Let's order some more krabby patties. - She added. Sandy and Mindy also were still hungry. Pearl ordered 2 krabby patties for each of them. Sandy, trying to show Pearl that she doesn't have weak bladder wasn't holding her crotch with her hand now. She was sitting without crossed legs. She was moving her butt from left side of chair to right side, jumping. Meantime Mindy started to feel bigger urge. She started to shake in her chair. Pearl was feeling bigger urge than Mindy. She started to hold her crotch tightly with crossed legs. After eating they were thirsty, so Mindy ordered another glass of soda for each of them. Sandy was starting to be worried. Her urge was now on very high level. "It's just a matter of time when I wet myself..." she thought, but still drank the Soda prettty quickly, as well as Pearl and Mindy.

To be continued...

*020*2019-06-12 00:53

When girls were leaving the Krusty Krab, Sandy was stopped by Spongebob.

- Can you come back in 1 hour? - Said Spongebob.

- Why?? - Sandy asked.

- I can't tell you. Trust me, it's worth it. - Said Spongebob.

Sandy was wondering what it can be. When they left Krusty Krab she told Mindy and Pearl what Spongebob said. They decided to go to eat ice creams. The nearest shop with them was 5 minutes by foot from them. They got there in 15 minutes. Sandy was stopping every few steps, holding her crotch witch both hands. Pearl was slower than usual, and also was stopping but less than Sandy. Mindy also was stopping to hold her pee, same as Pearl. Pearl ordered 3 strawberry ice creams. While they were heading back to Krusty Krab everyone was looking at Sandy. She was doing pee dance all the way. By that no one noticed Pearl and Mindy who were now holding crotch tightly with both hands all the time. When they reached the Krusty Krab Sandy had a small wet spot on her panties. It was only 15 minutes from Spongebob's hour. Every seat was occupied.

While sitting, Sandy leaked. Her whole butt was wet. Pearl noticed that and whispered Mindy about that. When there were only 5 minutes left, Sandy decided to get out of the Krusty Krab to pee herself somewhere else. But the fate decided other way. When Sandy stud up, she started leaking. She felt streams going down her legs. The exit doors were blocked by people. Sandy was standing in the middle of the Krusty Krab. She tried to stop herself from peeing, but there was no use. She only felt giant streams of warm pee going down her legs and glares of people.

She was now peeing on a full force. Puddle started to grow under her. She was peeing for 10 minutes, trying not to moan. Minute after she stopped peeing she realized what humilitation it was. Her whole fur down her butt was now soaked with pee. She peed herself in front of over 50 people. Sandy still felt the warmth of pee. She was shocked that she successfully hold her orgasm. She went to Mindy, who using her magic cleared the puddle.

- so now it's just me and you, Pearl - Said Mindy.

To be continued...

*023*2019-06-13 23:08

After leaving Krusty Krab girls headen back to Sandy's house. The night was starting.

- Okay, so me and Pearl have two times bigger bladder than before, and Sandy now has normal bladder. - Said Mindy.

- Oh I forgot that I have normal bladder now! - Said Sandy.

- Yeah, you might pee yourself few times when we'll be holding our pee. - Said Pearl. Sandy's face gone red instantly.

- Okay girl, let's go to sleep now. I'll make each of us have some dream, as before. But before that, each of us dranks 2 glasses of water. - Said Mindy and got 6 glasses of water. They all drank it in few minutes and went to bed.

Pearl opened her eyes she was in a long room completly naked. On the end of the room she saw toilet. She suddently felt giantic urge to pee. In same time on the walls screens started to appear. Each of them was showing very desperated Pearl, but always in different situation. She started to run to the toilet, but as she ran it was staying in one place, as she haven't run. The run made her leak a bit. Over 100 Pearls on the screens also leaked. Pearl was very emberassed seeing herself wetting in so many screens. She tried to hold it, but leaked again. Pearl by seeing herself leaking on so many screens made her start peeing. She felt pee going down her legs, but couldn't do anything about it. On screens some versions of herself were still trying to hold it, but there was no use. Outside dream, Pearl's panties got a little wet.

Mindy's dream started same way. She woke up in long room, with massive urge to pee. The screens started to appear. On each of them Mindy saw herself in many situations very desperated. Then she started leaking. By seeing herself leaking in many screens she has instantly wet herself. She only felt pee going down her tail... In reality her panties were more wet than Pearl's.

Sandy found herself in some long room. She felt urge instantly, not like Pearl and Mindy who felt it after some time. When she tried to run to the toilet screens with desperated Sandy started to appear, and her urge raised. She leaked. And leaked again. After third time she couldn't stop it, her whole butt, tail, legs were starting to be soaked. But not only in her dream. She has woke up with her whole bed wet.

To be continued...

