Ur-in Control

Author: Kez

*000*2017-12-16 01:05

I seriously hope the quality of my writing makes up for that god-awful pun of a title, but I simply couldn't pass up that wonderful opportunity. I was inspired by the recent topic in General about having the ability to control other people's need to pee, and decided to write a fic about just that.

ATTENTION: Part 1 (this post) is literally just in excess of 1000 words of me setting the scene, and there's little to no desperation so far. Sorry! Skip ahead to part 2 for the interesting stuff (when I finish writing it)!

Part 1

It’s a cold, grey November morning, and I’m not in a good mood. So much so that I decide to void myself of my usual drowsiness entirely – dispersing it evenly throughout the other passengers on the 592 bus with me. A few yawns are made, and I’m awake – but by no means comfortable, so I decide to borrow some body heat as well. Some of the passengers shiver, and I notice a young lad a few seats ahead pull his jacket tighter around his shoulders. I feel warm, but at the same time I can do nothing about the sense of guilt that comes with knowing others are suffering at my expense. If I could take a share of some happiness from somewhere, I surely would – but my abilities are limited to the body only. The brain is off-limits.

But that’s not to say one can’t help the other. I’m not really in the mood for anything fun this early, but I like to keep an eye on what’s going on around me, especially when I can see just about everything. I can see who’s skipped breakfast this morning, and which of the students have the cigarettes (judging by the content of their lungs). I know who’s still half asleep, who’s had too much sugar with their cereal, and who’s coffee is going straight through them. And, of course, who needs to make a visit to the bathroom.

…Practically no one.

The sad reality of it is that pretty much no one ever gets seriously desperate. For most, the urge to go starts when the bladder reaches about 30% of its maximum capacity, and the vast majority of people will have dealt with it before they reach halfway. Looking around the bus, I notice practically everyone is somewhere between empty and 20%. An older woman near the back is around 35% full, but she’s not really my type, and she gets off the bus a few stops before me anyway.

The 592 pulls up at the stop outside school. I and the other students in blue and black uniform stand up and make our way to the doors, as another day that should just be like any other day begins.

It’s 11:30, and the bell echoes across the yard signalling the end of our break. So far today I’ve had uneventful English and Maths classes so far, and I’m in for an uneventful Biology lesson now (ha – me, need a biology lesson?). I finish the sandwich I bought from the canteen, toss the wrapper into a nearby bin, and make my way over to the science block.

I take my usual seat – middle row close to the back of the room with James, Ryan and Sean. The latter two are happy to spend the hour talking about the price of bacon with each other, while James and I generally keep our heads down and get on with our work. Our teacher Mr Hodges isn’t the strictest to say the least – nor is he overly concerned with what goes on in class. We’re set some task about reading about blood cells from our text books.

Ten minutes in, and bored is an understatement for me. I look up from the textbook and take a glance around the room. Mr Hodges’s attention is occupied by something on his laptop. Most of the class is engaged in conversation, and little care is being given to the task at hand.

I lean back in my chair and stretch my arms out. Out of the corner of my eye, I notice a shuffle of movement to my left. My gaze drifts over to the tables along the wall. Seven students are at the four desks, six of which are paired and engaged in conversation. One sits quietly by herself. Her name is Lauren. She’s sitting a row ahead of me so I can’t see much, but I know from memory she’s not a bad-looking girl. She has lovely straight auburn hair that drapes down to her shoulders, and if I recall correctly she has hazel eyes and a simple pair of black glasses. She’s thin but not skinny, and has her blazer hanging on the back of her chair given the temperature in the classroom. She’s wearing a short-sleeved shirt and a short black skirt as per the uniform – but she’s not one for tights, and her legs are bare from the thighs down.

I note that her legs are also crossed.

It’s enough to peak my interest, and I summon up my ability see more than what the eye can take in – and find that Lauren is holding far more urine in than anyone else in the room – I guess that she’s at least 60% full.

The chatter of conversation around me fades away as a rush of excitement sweeps in out of nowhere. My heart rate rises with the newfound information, and I immediately switch focus to my own breathing to try and keep calm. Then I remember I can simply make myself calm at will. I pick a random student at the other end of the room – Daniel – and send some of my adrenaline his way. He looks up in surprise, wondering why he has suddenly become so excited about the textbook page on mitochondria, looks around uncertainly, shrugs, and returns to reading.

As my heart rate slows, I turn my attention back to Lauren. My first thought is to try and figure out why she’s gotten herself into this position. For sure she has known about her need long before this class started, and we just had a fifteen minute break – why didn’t she go to the bathroom then? I realise that I simply don’t know. Mind-reading is a skill I have yet to master, and try as I like, what goes on inside her head is out of my reach.

So I move on to the next question – what do I do? I know from years of experience that 60% isn’t that big an issue, and Lauren is likely to easily hold on until dinnertime without any real cause for concern… unless I intervene. And I most certainly have the ability to, and the desire to. I take a very brief moment to contemplate whether I should. Well, Lauren surely knew what she was getting herself into by waiting. She couldn’t know whether or not she would be able to hang on until the end of class.

So I decide to make things interesting.

*004*2017-12-16 23:02

Glad you guys like it, I shall continue :D

Part Two

11:47. Class ends at 12:30. The clock above Mr Hodges’s desk ticks along slowly. Lauren glances up at it briefly, then returns her attention to her textbook.

I turn a page within my own book, but I’m paying no attention to the contents – rather I’m focusing on working on my plan of action. It’s not beyond my power to simply fill a bladder to bursting point at will, but I generally avoid it – it feels like cheating, and the confusion that results takes away from the experience. Rather I figure I’ll play it slow – because for all I know, Lauren might simply decide to get up and go to the bathroom at the first sign of trouble (and Mr Hodges won’t say no – you could probably just walk out of the room without a word, and he wouldn’t even notice). But as it stands, she can easily wait until the end of class. My plan is to hold off until we draw nearer to the bell (no one ever wants to have to ask to leave with only a few minutes left) – and then I can spice things up a bit.

I consider the rest of Lauren. She seems to have skipped breakfast this morning, but had some sort of sandwich and a cup of coffee during break, the latter of which is making its way through her at a good pace. While I don’t quite have x-ray vision, I can make an educated guess judging from what her skin feels when she moves about as to what she’s wearing underneath her uniform. I guess a bra of some sort (I’m no expert), and a pair of plain cotton briefs. Our shirts aren’t the thickest of things, so when I can’t make out any darkness where her bra strap would be, I assume it’s white, and her lower garment matches.

Another 10 minutes or so pass by, and we reach midday – halfway through class and it’s been fairly uneventful. I’ve actually being doing some work, but glance up at Lauren now and again, and she’s only at 65%. I decide now’s the time to intervene, and figure I’ll up the rate a bit. The law of conservation of mass still applies to me even if physical boundaries don’t, so I scan the room and pick out a girl called Amy close to the front, who’s under 15%. You generally don’t notice if your bladder *isn’t* filling up for quite a while, especially if it’s been emptied fairly recently. A little bit of magic work later, and whatever urine Amy’s body would produce will be going into Lauren’s instead.

Five minutes pass, and Amy’s morning orange juice has put Lauren at around 70%. She’s definitely more uncomfortable – occasionally shifting uneasily in her seat, and swapping her crossed legs from time to time, but she still hasn’t said a word. I’ve abandoned classwork entirely in favour of this new venture by now. I can’t see her face, though I can feel that her facial expression is contorted in discomfort as she absently chews on the rubber end of her pencil. She tries to concentrate on the book in front of her, but seems to be finding it nearly impossible.

12:10 approaches, and her coffee is catching up to her, bringing her close to 80%. I’ve learned that leaks most commonly start between 80 and 90%, and though I can tell that her control is excellent and she hasn’t yet lost a drop, I’m beginning to worry that I’ve been a little too eager and gone into this too quickly. We both glance up at the clock. Twenty minutes of class left, and it’s still not unreasonable for her to ask to go. She looks around for Mr Hodges, who is at the other end of the room explaining something to another student, his back to us.

Lauren thinks for a moment, and then raises her hand into the air. The alarm bells in my head immediately go off, and I quickly try and think of a way to stop her before the teacher notices. Based on a hunch, I gather what urine I have in my own bladder (about 30%) and send it rapidly over to a girl I know as Shannon, seated near the front of the room. The sudden addition brings her up from an unnoticeable amount to near half full in a split second, and in the midst of a conversation with a friend seated next to her, she gasps and widens her eyes.

‘Sir!’ Shannon calls out loudly to Mr Hodges. I know that she’s not a shy girl, and wasn’t going to bother with waiting with her hand up. ‘May I go to the bathroom?’

‘Sure,’ Hodges replies without even turning around. Shannon quickly jumps up from her seat, giving her friend an uneasy smile, and briskly walking to the front of the room and out through the open door.

Over to my left, Lauren quietly lowers her hand back down without a word. She doesn’t really know Shannon all that well, and seems to be uncomfortable about asking to go at the same time, and thus let everyone else in class start making assumptions. My hunch had paid off, and I let out a small sigh of relief.

A few moments in silence later and Lauren is past 85%, and it’s showing. She’s sitting almost on the edge of her seat, in an obviously desperate pose with legs crossed and her back arched so far that I seriously doubt her ability to stand up straight when the time came. As the pressure continues to rise, I watch as she sets her pencil down, reaches behind her and pulls her blazer off the back of her chair, and spreads it out onto her lap, covering the front of her skirt and stretching out the end under the desk so that it drapes down over her bare knees.

Her right hand returns to pick up the pencil, but it’s impossible for me to notice that she’s discretely sliding her left arm down towards her side. I take note of the sensation in her hand as she cautiously slides it beneath the blazer, and out of sight slips it beneath her skirt and into her underwear. Her fingers make their way between her tightly-crossed legs, and press down hard against her labia. I watch breathlessly with more excitement than I think I’ve ever had in my life.

*007*2017-12-18 00:10

I think this is the best feedback on my work I've had so far, and I'm very glad everyone likes it - I'm just sorry it's taking so long for me to get it all written down! Another part finished:

Part Three

A quarter of an hour remains until the bell rings. I decided to stop the excess transfer from Amy just to be on the safe side, but nonetheless Lauren’s bladder is about 90% full, and I can tell that her pelvic muscles are growing tired. Almost all her concentration is focused on her predicament – still holding herself out of sight with her left hand, her teeth clenched tightly, and shifting about in discomfort more and more frequently in her seat. Shannon has since returned from the bathroom, but Lauren doesn’t dare raise her hand again. I guess that she doesn’t want to draw anyone’s attention to herself, given her current state.

A little past 12:17 and the inevitable finally occurs - a momentary lapse of concentration as she tries fruitlessly to return her attention to something within her textbook. I haven’t taken my gaze – physical and otherwise – away from her for the past ten minutes or so, and I see it as it happens. As her focus drifts away from her bladder, her muscles involuntarily loosen their grip ever so slightly for a fraction of a second – enough to allow a small trickle of pee to escape from her strained bladder, out from between her legs and into her hand. Both of us freeze. Lauren more so – her entire body tenses up as she feels the warm wetness on her fingertips. She presses them harder into her crotch and focuses intently on re-establishing her hold.

After a few seconds of motionless concentration, she’s regained control enough and decides to take the risk – carefully relinquishing her grip and withdrawing her hand out from her underwear, keeping her legs pressed tightly together. She brings it out from beneath her blazer and up to her desk, palm upwards to inspect the damage. It was only a slight dribble for a fraction of a second – three of her small, slender fingers are barely wet, but I can feel the panic rising within her.

She stares at her hand for a few seconds, and then brings it up closer to her face and sniffs lightly, as if she needed to confirm that it is pee. I raise both eyebrows in surprise. A little odd behaviour perhaps (the things a girl does when she thinks no one is watching!), but I was not about to complain. Rather, to my delight, I’m able to share the slight aroma of urine that she finds, before she quickly puts her hand back down at her side and discretely wipes the wetness off onto the fabric on the side of her black skirt.

Lauren looks up at the clock and sighs painfully. 12 minutes to go. She takes a glance around the classroom, and I wonder if she’s about to ask if she can leave early. I’m not sure what I can do if she does – I don’t think I should pull a stunt like with Shannon again. Against my better judgement, I consider breaking my personal rules. A muscle spasm that would result in the loss of control isn’t beyond my ability (and I’d be lying if I said I hadn’t done it before), though it still just didn’t feel like the right thing to do. Or perhaps I could just transfer her the remaining 10% that she needed – it probably wouldn’t make much of a difference at this point.

Lauren bites her lip, silently considering her options. I restrain myself, and wait for her to make a decision. 92%. Eleven minutes.

Seemingly making up her mind about something, she slides back in her seat, though still leaning forward in discomfort. She reaches down with both hands, grabs the hem of both her skirt and underwear and pull them up slightly, the fabric tightening slightly around her nether regions. And then, to my complete surprise, she not only uncrosses her legs, but spreads them apart ever so slightly.

I haven’t had as much experience as I’d like with this sort of thing – and though I can’t read minds, I can confidently tell the difference between when someone’s need overwhelms them and they lose control, and when someone intentionally lets go. Lauren does the latter. She sits completely still, staring aimlessly ahead with both her hands gently gripping the sides of her chair, and deliberately relaxes her pelvic muscles ever so slightly. Another trickle of urine dribbles out from between her legs and into her underwear. It only lasts a fraction of a second before she stops the flow, and remains motionless. A few seconds pass, and then she loosens her grip again, allowing another small stream to escape.

I’m in shock – not only at the fact that Lauren has decided to actually try letting a little bit out to relieve the pressure, but also that I guess she thinks it will help. Everyone knows it doesn’t. Two small dribbles has barely made a dent in her bladder, and she’s still over 90%.

And yet, no more than ten seconds pass before she relaxes a third time, and pees a little bit more. A few more seconds of holding, and then another intentional leak.

As I watch Lauren continue to slowly and discretely pee in her clothes in the middle of class, I start to grow a bit concerned at the amount she’s releasing. Far too much for a simple pair of panties to hold. I start to contemplate the situation. The classroom chairs are metal with flat seats – they aren’t going to be useful in hiding any wetness. Perhaps her intention is to do as much as she can without drawing attention to herself, and then leave as soon as class ends in the hope that no one realises what has happened before she’s gone. But by now the back of her skirt must be wet – and despite them being black in colour, the material means a wet spot will be easily visible, and she doesn’t have a jacket, nor would her blazer cover it. Maybe her plan is simply to hope no one is paying enough attention to notice. That’s the best I can think of.

She lets a sixth dribble of pee out, the same amount as before.

Something isn’t quite right. I try and sense what she’s experiencing under her skirt, and what I sense confuses me. For sure, I know what it feels like to pee in one’s underwear, and this wasn’t it. With her garments pulled tight, I’d expect her to feel the fabric absorb each dribble of urine, and for the warmth and wetness to spread evenly along her privates as her panties fill with pee. By now she should be aware of her skirt starting to grow wet around her rear and the backs of her thighs.

But that’s not what she feels. It’s warm and wet for sure, but only around her labia itself – not as if all the fabric between her legs is soaking wet as it should be by now. In fact, it doesn’t feel like the cotton of her panties at all…

It takes a moment for me to figure it out.

‘Oh!’ I exclaim – quietly, but aloud – in surprise as I realise what’s going on. I don’t know how I had managed to miss it in the first place.

‘Hmm?’ Josh, who I’ve forgotten existed but has been sitting in silence next to me, looks up from his textbook.

‘Nothing,’ I reply quickly. ‘Just figured something out.’

‘Something’ being that Lauren is wearing a sanitary pad.

*011*2017-12-21 22:48

{{4 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

I had skipped this story at first solely because of that goofball title XD but it's actually been really good. I had been contemplating doing a "person has telekinetic bladder powers" idea myself, but I'm into this one. Here's hoping for an update soon.

}}

That title is going to haunt me for years to come I apologise for the wait, but the next part is here!

(side note: the character I refer to as 'Josh' at the end of the last part should be 'James' - fixed that from now on)

Part Four

‘You’ve been very quiet this lesson,’ James says in a light, pretending-to-be-suspicious tone.

‘Bored,’ I lie. I’m the polar opposite of bored.

‘Same,’ he shrugs. ‘Only ten minutes left though.’

More accurately, seven. Once James is no long paying attention to me, I return my gaze over to Lauren, still in the same slightly bent forward position with her legs spread slightly. I’m still in amazement that she’s chosen to pee in her pad rather than ask to leave ten minutes early, but nonetheless it seems to have helped. Her bladder has dropped back down to under 90%, and it might just be enough to help her avoid an accident. Or perhaps not, I consider. Now that the seal is broken, her already weakened pelvic muscles are under even more pressure, and not being able to cross her legs lest she squeeze out the pad’s contents all over herself is no help. I notice that she has stopped releasing intentionally – probably concerned that her protection is nearing full capacity.

A minute or so after her last short release, I notice her left hand slipping beneath the blazer on her lap once again, and I focus my concentration upon what her fingertips encounter. They slip beneath the waist of her skirt, but stay on the outside of her underwear this time. Cotton, for sure. Her hand trails down gently along the crotch of her panties, trying to feel for any wetness on the fabric. Still dry, as far as she can tell. Underneath, the bulge of the pad is obvious around her privates, and the warmth of her urine is definitely noticeable even from the outside. It’s not a light pad either – I’m not overly experienced with pads, and I want to say maxi, but it’s nowhere near her time of the month so I’m not completely sure.

Six minutes. I’m starting to think ahead, as to what’s going to happen when the bell rings. It’s the last Thursday of the month, and the canteen is going to have one of their specials on offer, which means everyone’s going to head straight there. There’s a small bathroom a little ways down the hall, which Lauren is most likely going to head straight for, and find it practically empty.

Unless I can do something about it. I need to make a queue.

It’s pretty straightforward, though it requires a bit of concentration. There are about twelve girls in the class and about fifteen boys. All I have to do is drip-feed from the boys’ bladders into the girls over the next five minutes. It’s going to put a few of them over half full – nothing to be seriously worried about, but with any luck they’ll be pressured into heading for the bathroom first before walking across the yard to the canteen. No problem guys – I’ve just given you first dibs on dinner. Sorry ladies!

I get to work. In the midst of routing various streams of urine every which way across the classroom, I glance back over at Lauren. She’s leant back in her seat, and her hand has slipped back into her underwear to hold herself – grimacing slightly as she feels how wet her privates are, as well the dampness of her pad on the back of her hand. Without wanting to attract too much attention, she slowly rubs her fingers up and down her lower lips as if to try and dry herself off (it seems to only partially work), before removing her hand and once again wiping the pee off onto the side of her skirt.

With every girl in the room now certainly aware they’re in need of relief (and all the boys ready to make a beeline for the canteen instead), the last five minutes pass by without incident. I’m keeping a close eye on the clock, though despite being equally anxious for class to end, Lauren has had her eyes focused on her legs for the last minute, right up until the second hand reaches the 12.

12:30 on the dot, and the bell rings. It’s not a quiet bell either, and positioned on the wall almost directly overhead of Lauren, and it catches her by surprise. She jumps slightly in her seat at the sound, losing control of her hold for a split second and a small spurt of pee shoots out into her already saturated pad. She clenches her teeth as she tries to regain control using only her muscles, still unable to cross her legs.

Everyone else has already packed their things away and half the class is already on their feet for one of two reasons (Mr Hodges makes some obvious comment about us being dismissed, but no one seems to pay any attention). I slowly close my textbook and begin to pack it away.

‘You coming to the canteen?’ James asks.

‘I’ll catch you guys up in a bit,’ I reply.

‘Fair enough.’

Once I’ve finished packing my bag, Lauren and I are the only two students still seated, and half the class is already gone. She’s been bracing herself to stand up, but the motion is too much as makes an effort to get to her feet, and a second spurt escapes into her underwear. Unable to stand up straight, she leans forward with her legs still spread slightly and both hands pressed flat against her desk. Looking straight down, she struggles to stop this time – reducing it to a trickle at first, before finally regaining control after a few seconds. Her pad must be completely full and her panties certainly wet by now, though I can feel no wetness running down her legs as yet.

The last few students are now leaving the room. She slowly puts her blazer on and begins to make her way to the door in front of us – still bent forward slightly and walking in a rather awkward fashion as she tries to keep her legs spread with every step – thankfully not paying much attention to anything around her, such as myself. Trying to look as inconspicuous as possible, I swing my bag over my shoulder and follow her a short distance behind, out of the classroom and into the hallway.

*023*2025-06-23 06:10

Part Five

Cammy knows what I’m about to do before I do it. She manages to get half a sentence out: “Fuck, the sheets—”, before she clasps both her hands over her mouth to avoid alerting the entirety of Ingleham House the fact that she’s experiencing the best orgasm of her life, combined with the conveniently-timed complete transfer of urine from my bladder to hers, as well as the equally-convenient absence of all of her pelvic muscle control. To be honest, that last one is probably a bit redundant – but I like to play it safe.

God, that was so worth messing up another pair of bedsheets, I think, once she regains some lucidity. Slowly and shakily, she gets off of me and flops down on the bed next to me.

“Oh my god… you have got to stop doing that,” Cammy says, exhausted.

Huh? I think with mild confusion. But I always make you piss and cum at the same time… I thought you were cool with it.

“The weeing thing is fine. But you have to stop making me… finish, like that.”

But… Is it not literally the most perfect orgasm you can get?

“Yes, that’s why. It’s just… unrealistically great sex. So, when I get an actual boyfriend, and he can’t possibly do anything like what you can.. well, what am I supposed to do?”

Ah. In that case, I suppose I’ll just have to be your boyfriend then, I think, putting my arm across her bare chest and drawing her close, placing a gentle kiss upon her forehead. I can sense that all the wetness is starting to make her nether regions grow cold, and I send a little bit of warmth their way. She shivers with content.

“Mmm, that’s nice… but it’s not going to happen.”

Hey, it was you who said this was only going to be a once-a-week thing. And what are we on now this week, four?

“Three. The flowerpot thing doesn’t count.”

In fairness, Camille is actually being especially kind to me with our daily fun, because she knows I’m coming up for my first review. We’re into December now – nearly a year since I passed Biomanipulation, and I am just as stressed now as I was back then. Hell, I’d say last year was the single most stressful time of my life – having to face a Council of Telepathists and Clairvoyants, all of whom most certainly could not be blind to the fact that a career in medicine was only the second-highest thing on my list of reasons for wanting to control other peoples’ bodies.

And yet, somehow I passed. And I’ve been telling myself that the Council understands teenage boys and their hormones, and all the benefits simply outweigh them. When my future patients tell me they’re in pain, I don’t just want them to tell me if it’s a sharp pain or throbbing pain or stabbing pain or dull – I want to go in there and feel it for myself. The council understood that… and also figured I probably wasn’t going to end up as a demon.

And so, I got to enjoy a few brief hours of genuine relief and excitement, right up until later that very same day when Cammy announced to Ingleham House that she was taking Telepathy. The reactions were quite diverse: Mother Mariam was in complete disbelief, seeing as Telepathy is an impossibly difficult skill to pass. Master John was indifferent, seeing as he’s a Clairvoyant and knew it was going to happen. And I was absolutely terrified, because I knew – even without Clairvoyancy – that there wasn’t a hope in hell that Camille would pass anything if she set her mind to it (pardon the pun).

“Of course I passed,” says Cammy with a satisfied smirk. “I’m gonna be the best fucking lawyer in this city.”

You’re the best fucking something in the city for sure. The best something to fuck. Fuck. Sorry, bad thoughts. Do you want to go again?

“Not now. I have a mock trial in Defence tomorrow, and I need to practice.” Cammy pushed my arm away and sat upright, staring down at her beloved fluffy white duvet cover which was now stained yellow around both our abdomens. “Ugh. And I have to clean up this… your mess first.”

How does a trial work? I wonder. Can’t you just read their mind while you question them?

“You can’t rely on the thoughts of people who know they’re being read,” said Camille. “There’s a whole industry of people who can give you mental training to fool Telepathists. You can get away with just about anything if you’re taught what to think.”

Damn. I should have gotten some of that training before you caught me.

It had taken less than a week for Camille to find out about me – and it was mainly thanks to Sarah. Within days of me passing Biomanipulation I had thoroughly evaluated the pelvic floor abilities of all the girls in Ingleham House, and Sarah was dead centre on my radar – so much so that most of the time I didn’t even have to do any manipulation at all. The Friday after Camille had passed Telepathy we were all gathered in the commons and having a talk with Jamie, our newest first year. Someone had asked him what he was thinking about taking when it was his turn, and Jamie responded with “I want Levitation” – to which Mother Mariam replied with “Why, so you can levitate the cat?” 

The idea of Jamie flying Boris the considerably-overweight tortoiseshell cat around the dorm room was apparently the most hilarious thing in the world to Sarah – she doubled over laughing, and almost instinctively my attention was drawn to between her legs. Sure enough, within seconds I felt the distinctive wetness in her underwear, but as I watched her leap to her feet and start to make a run for the bathroom, my eyes locked with Camille’s. Her irises were glowing a deep violet hue, and Sarah’s panic instantly became my own. Camille had been watching me the whole time. She knew, and I knew that she knew.

She told me that she hated it at first. And it’s one of those things that when you pass an ability, you just sort of have to accept that it’s going to become the new normal. Or rather – it already was the normal, and you just didn’t know about it. It’s not just what I thought – it’s what every other boy was thinking about Cammy as well. She’s stunning. She has lavender-pale eyes which light up whenever she reads someone’s mind, and cherry blossom hair that streams down to her shoulders. And she’s smart. She’s got a mind worthy of being a lawyer for sure – and pretty soon she was finding ways to make our dirty thoughts start working for her. She loves to fly, and the boys over in Chesterfield House were happy to offer her some levitation if she happened to be wearing her summer skirt. She conveniently leaves her bra off after PE if she wants an extra portion of Thursday’s roast dinner from Oliver, the canteen cook with infrared vision.

And then there’s me. While all the other boys were ogling her curves front and back, I was the only one with my attention focused on her bladder. It was understandably weird, and sort-of gross at first… but at least it was different. My ability combined with the fact that Camille has urges and desires of her own meant that she figured out what I could do for her (and to her) if I was so inclined. I’ve yet to coax the details of what she describes as “a little experimentation” to make sure she was okay with my interests – but once she decided she was… well, that was when the fun started.

“Honestly… I can’t be arsed with revision,” said Cammy, once again throwing herself back down on the bed next to me. She looks over at me and gives me a small smile, her eyes glowing and her cherry blossom hair illuminated from the afternoon sun peeking around the curtains.

Christ, you are beautiful and sexy as fuck, you know that?

“Enough with your dirty thoughts. Give me one of those massages you do.”

I start with a low hum, and transfer the vibrations into the muscles of her neck, back, and shoulders – accompanied by a little targeted body heat. It’s possibly the single-greatest non-sexual thing I can do for a girl. They love it.

“Oh god yes. Keep doing that. And I want you to go back to thinking about Lauren.”

Lauren?

“The girl you were thinking about earlier. You were trying to get her to wee herself in Science class. I want to know what happened.”

Oh… yeah.

###

Authors note: Hello, just casually dropping a continuation after 8 years. See George RR Martin? It's not so hard. Real talk though - I originally started writing this story at a specific point in my life, and when I got out of that point, I lost a lot of motivation for it. But for whatever reason, I've recently been hit with a burst of creativity for this specific story, and some fresh ideas on where to go with it. So if there's still some interest, the next part will pick up where we left off.

