An Unfortunate Day

Author: Khadgar

*000*2016-07-09 09:58

This being my first story here, any and all criticism will be appreciated so that I can become better at writing these types of stories.

Finally relaxing after sitting down on the bus to her school, Phoebe noticed that amidst the chaos of waking up late, frantically putting clothes on, drinking copious amounts of milk to substitute not having breakfast and almost missing a bus, that she had not used the bathroom since before she went to sleep last night and now, above all else, needed to pee.

She jostled herself around in her seat and played some music to take her mind off the rapidly filling bladder situated below her stomach. Of course she'd been in this situation before, as most people have, and decided to go as soon as she reached school. This would have worked if not for the traffic building up at a similar rate to how much she needed to pee. Arriving late to school, she had no other option but to go to first lesson and wait until after it was finished to relieve herself.

Entering the classroom she felt a sudden wave of desperation flow over her as she realised it would be another hour until she could pee, Phoebe knew she could wait that long but despised the thought of having to be under the pressure of a filling bladder for that long. She sat near the back of the room so she could hold herself if she needed without anyone noticing, and rocked in her chair to take the pressure off of holding one nights worth of pee. The only distraction from her bladder was the lecturer, who provided little help to her by droning on with no end in sight. Barely any work was done, not because she couldn't do it, but because she was too focused on stopping herself from embarrassing herself by wetting her school uniform.

Once the lesson was finally over she was on the verge of having to slam a hand between her trousers to stop the torrent of pee. Running as fast as her small bladder would let her, she reached one of the girls toilets before realising it was locked due to people vandalising it. Another wave hit her as she pressed her thighs together after hearing the bell indicating next lesson was starting.

"Another hour." Phoebe whispered out loud in defeat, despite this setback she was determined to not wet herself and proceeded to the lesson trying to walk at a normal pace with her hands at her sides so she didn't look like she was about to piss everywhere.

Next lesson was painful, one hand shoved between her legs and one forced to do work. Her legs were moving wildly under the desk without conscious thought being put in as her body tried to hold everything back. At least she was not alone in this, at least two other girls were feeling the effects of the closed bathrooms, the first of whom asked to leave lesson to use the facilities but was denied, Phoebe had no chance. She did however take comfort in thinking that she wouldn't be the only one to wet herself and removed her hand from her privates before violently replacing it realising how stupid and idea it was.

The second girl, sat near Phoebe, spontaneously stood up and ran out of the classroom, hands between legs and a clear liquid pouring out of her trousers. This didn't help Phoebe at all who was now using two hands to stop her bladder from emptying, the splashed of urine and the pools of it on the floor were grabbing her attention more than she would have liked. Now at her limit she was shocked to see the bell had gone off signifying that she could finally pee.

She walked cautiously to the other bathroom and was relieved to see the door opening this time, however walking in she saw that all the stalls were occupied, This sent her already full bladder into overdrive, making her shudder with desperation but also something else she couldn't put her finger on. Dancing on the spot with her thighs pressed together and hands over her vagina, she was determined to last long enough to piss in a toilet rather than her panties. Unfortunately for her after about 5mins of standing in front of the stalls she realised that they were, in fact, vacant and locked from the inside.

This left her with three options: she would have to either pee in the sinks in the girls bathroom, use the male bathroom, or hold her pee until she arrived home. All three options seemed awful, any normal person would have chosen one of the former. But no, Phoebe, being as stubborn as she was, staggeringly said to herself: "No, I can wait, I will not wee in anywhere other than a toilet." This may have been a mistake as she instantly doubled over before the ardours task ahead of her, releasing spurts of pee into her panties.

The third lesson was perhaps the most difficult, she did nothing but hold herself under a table and watch other girls squirm to stop them from peeing themselves. Phoebe struggled contain the waterfall stored in her expanding abdomen as some streams of pee managed to escape her labia making a small mark on her trousers. Her desperation increased as pee backed up inside of her and she was sure she would wet herself. This building pressure increased up to critical when the lesson finished.

She knew she couldn't hold it any longer and ran to the nearest toilet making little effort to stop the pee she knew was coming. "I'm actually weeing myself" she thought in disbelief as her trousers darkened as unending spurts of her own urine washed over them. Undoing her belt and walking in to the bathroom she had no choice but to position her delicate behind over a sink and let go, if anyone walked in now she would be humiliated. Strangely however when she did this she was unable to pee, looking down, only, to see that most of her pee was deposited in her panties as she ran to the bathroom, Phoebe was defeated and sat on the counter in disbelief.

