I can't get Korekiyo Shinguji out of my mind (Danganronpa)

Author: KiraFan

*000*2022-06-04 04:24

Sorry. This is just me fantasizing in a very self-indulgent way. Thought I'd post in case anyone else happens to like Korekiyo. (He's so pretty)

I can't stop thinking about scenarios with Korekiyo (age 19 by the way). Like how he would act if he was really desperate. Would he tear up? Would he make cute noises? Whimpering and grunting? Would he fidget or would he freeze up? Shudder and tremble? And just imagine tying him up in his favorite rope while he desperate. I wonder if he'd enjoy something like that. I'd love to watch him squirm and tell him to beg for permission to piss himself. That would be so amazing. He probably looks so damn pretty when he's embarrassed or crying. I wonder if he'd let me massage his bladder while he lets it out. Or maybe massage his jawline and look him dead in the eyes while wets himself on top of me and it just soaks into our clothing. I would kill (not really) to hear his breathing getting heavy and uneven the more desperate he gets.

I wonder if he'd be the type to moan under the intensity of relief after a long or heavy holding. I wanna draw him wetting so bad but he looks so damn hard to draw, especially in the positions that I'd want to draw him in. I can just imagine him on his knees with his hands between his legs and his head down to hide his shame. Or his arms crossed tightly over his chest while he stiffens up with the effort to hold back and his legs are just barely crossed. Maybe even him getting himself off while desperate... God, desperate Kiyo would be so fucking good. *internal screaming*

