Getting back home

Author: Kreed

*000*2019-12-27 18:51

Quick note: a continuation to my story 'Getting to work'. Check it out if you want, though I guess it's not essential. Anyway, enjoy what I've cooked up and tell me whether it's any good or not. On with the show!

It was now the second half of Chloe's work day. She was sat at her desk, typing away her current task. Occasionally she'd be told to do something that recquired her to get up, but mostly it was to print some papers or give someone else other papers. Her desk had several stacks of papers on it. All around was the sound of phone calls, typing and rustling papers. Papers, papers, papers.

Chloe stopped typing. She looked around to make sure no one was looking. Having done that, she bent down and smelled her crotch.

"Hmmm" was the only nervous sound she made when the tiniest scent of urine from her close call this morning reached her nose. She'd been anxious of it all day. Every time she passed someone, she worried they'd start sniffing the air and suspicciously look her way. Or if someone entered her cubicle, noticed the scent and asked her what the weird smell was. Heaven forbid they ask if she wet herself.

Chloe straightened back up and resumed typing. She had to complete some graphs for a meeting she had later on. It wasn't exactly for her, but she along with other workers of her rank had to be there in case the higher-ups present had any questions. Nothing to worry about.

After a short while she finished the graphs and sent them to Simon, the person closest to being her boss. Her butt felt sore so she got up from her seat. As she did, her bladder got shaken up and a fammiliar twinge hit her senses. She had to pee. It was understandable. The last time she went to the bathroom was at the start of lunch and since then she had had tea, coffee and plenty of water. So far her bladder was holding in 3 hours worth of liquid. Not wanting to repeat her morning incident, she went straight to the bathroom.

"Chloe! Where are you going? The meeting's about to start."

"Huh?" She turned around. It was Simon. "Isn't it in an hour?"

"It got moved up. Sorry, I think I forgot to tell you. Did you do what I ask?"

"Uh, yeah. I sent them to you."

"Phew, that's a relief. Well then we're good to go. Come on." He ushered Chloe.

"Um, can I just... quickly go to the bathroom?" Chloe said, blushing slightly. She felt like a little girl asking for permission to go potty.

"No time. Everyone's waiting on us. Don't worry though, this shouldn't take long."

"Okay..." Chloe said, following Simon as they headed to the boardroom. To her luck, it was on the same floor so she wouldn't have to deal with any stairs.

They entered. Simon sat down at the table in the middle with people who looked as or more important than him. Scattered around the edges of the room were the people less important than the suits at the table. That included Chloe who sat down at a chair against the glass wall with a view of the city outside.

Sitting down, she felt her bladder twinge again. She was dissapointed that she couldn't relieve it before the meeting. She knew it didn't take long for a small wee to become an urgent piss. That's exactly what happened this morning. Thinking she could hold what she thought was a little urine in her bladder, Chloe almost wet herself at work.

"Calm down. If I can hold a night's worth, I can hold a few hours worth."

Chloe looked outside. The sun was nearing the horizon now. She crossed her legs as the meeting began.

###

Two hours into the meeting and Chloe was regretting everything she drank that day. Her bladder was demanding her attention to the point where she couldn't focus on what anyone was saying. It didn't seem that important though, as it seemed that any questions were directed to litterally anyone other than her.

She was becoming really worried. She kept squirming in her seat and pressing her thighs together. She had to look proffesional, but she just couldn't. It was like she was a schoolgirl again, squirming in her seat and waiting for class to end before she wet her skirt.

It wasn't quite as bad as it was this morning, but she knew she'd reach it soon. She had to think of something. Everyone kept droning on and on, showing no signs of the meeting ending. The slideshow on display had no structure that Chloe was fammiliar with so there was no telling how long till it's over. This almost caused her to panic. She had to get out, but how? This was her first time in a meeting like this. Could she just walk out? Unlikely. That's not proffesional behaviour. She'd be questioned and probably told to sit back down.

A wave rocked Chloe's bladder. She held back a whimper and subtly bent forward in her chair, pressing her crossed legs tighter together. She hoped nobody was looking at her. Luckily, the suits seemed too busy with each other and everyone else just seemed bored.

How could she leave? Simon was sitting in front of her at the desk so it'd be easy to ask, but she couldn't just ask to leave for the bathroom. That would be childish. She had to think of something else. A quick glance through the windows and into the workspace outside showed that everyone else had already left. How Chloe longed to do the same. If she'd taken her usual bus, she'd be home by now.

...bus?

Wait... that's right! That's the perfect excuse! She could just say she needed to catch her bus and quickly nip into the bathroom. Chloe rejoiced. There was now a way out! All that remained now was to ask Simon for permission to leave. He seemed deep into conversation right now so bothering him probably wouldn't be the wisest move. Chloe would have to wait.

She uncrossed her legs and placed her arms on her crotch. She kept her legs close together and bounced them. She tried to find a more comfortable position in her chair, but it was so small that her already ample rear took up all of it, giving her very little space to move. Combined with the restricting metal armrests, she really felt trapped. Her bladder throbbed. It demanded to be emptied. If Chloe's math was right, she was holding about 5-6 hours worth of urine. This thought only accentuated the urgency of her need. Still, she kept herself calm by remembering this morning. She held her night's worth and morning coffee (sort of) so it's completely possible to hold it now.

Chloe glanced at Simon. He seemed busy with himself, checking his phone as the others continued in their discussions. There wouldn't be a better chance. It was now or never. She had to ask him right now.

Chloe mustered the courage and carefully stood up, hoping to not disturb the meeting and attract attention to herself. She felt gravity push down on her busting bladder as her piss sloshed inside her. She bit her lip as she stood still for a moment. She leaned closer to Simon.

"U-um, excuse me." She sheepishly whispered.

"Hm? What? Yes?" Simon answered, sounding as if he'd been jolted awake. At least he didn't sound annoyed.

"Would it be okay if I leave? My last bus leaves in fifteen minutes."

"Oh, of course. Sorry this dragged on so long. I hope this didn't inconvenience you in any way."

"No, not at all." That was a blatant lie. She was subtly shuffling her legs as she talked to Simon in order to not leave an 'inconvenience' right here on the carpet.

"Okay, see you tomorrow then."

"Have a good day sir!"

And with that she left the boardroom. Once the door behind her was closed, she set out to the nearest bathroom. It just so happened to be the one she used this morning. She noticed that everyone else had left and the lights were all off. The only source of illumination was the orange glow of the setting sun that shined in through the many windows. She kept her hands on the side of her thighs, not wanting any potential onlookers to see her plight.

She saw it! The sign for the bathroom. She looked at it with almost as much hope as she did this morning. Finally, she could empty herself. She increased her pace. Finally arriving, she reached for the handle and...

"What?!"

Locked. It was locked.

This was the last thing she needed. How could it be locked? Everyone else had already left. Chloe began to start a small pee dance. Onlookers be damned, she crossed her legs and pushed one hand on the crotch of her skirt, holding onto the handle for support. She knocked on the door.

"Is anyone in there? Hurry up please."

Upon closer inspection, she noticed that the lights inside were off. Was it locked by the janitors or something? No sound was coming from the inside either. Fuck, she had been hoping for this for the past two hours! This was hopeless. Chloe would have to find another bathroom. Uncrossing her legs, she made her way to her desk and collected her belongings into her handbag all while stepping in place. Once done, she dashed to the elevator and waited for it to arrive all while the pressure inside her grew stronger and stronger. She didn't have to wait long as the elevator opened almost immediatelly.

"Oh, so it won't arrive when I have to get to a bathroom, but will when I have to get away from one?"

The movement of the elevator once more rocked her bladder and Chloe had no choice but to pull her skirt up and thrust a hand onto her desperate pussy. This deffinetly helped. She actually felt like she could hold on now. The elevator descended as Chloe pushed harder onto her womanhood. Her hand felt wet, but it was probably sweat. From her morning experience she knew she'd have felt a leak.

"Why do these sort of things always happen to me?"

Her current plan was to use the guest bathrooms at the lobby. There wasn't much time to bumble around the building looking for anotber place to piss. She was serious when she said her bus left in fifteen minutes. Those had now become ten. This was the last bus that could get Chloe home.

The elevator neared ground floor. Chloe gave herself one last squeeze, pushing her lips tight together, and took her hand away. The doors opened and she stepped out. She looked around. Nobody was here. Even Amber wasn't at her reception desk. Chloe was glad, actually. Usually she'd love to talk to her friend, but now deffinetly wasn't the time. She scanned the lobby for the guest bathrooms. Aha! There they were! She practically ran towards them, ready to push the door to the Ladies' open when BAM! She hit the door.

"No! Not here too!"

She pressed her legs together as she fought back against her bladder's advances. She knew it'd be hopeless, but Chloe tried pushing the door to the Men's open. Closed as well. She almost wanted to scream out of frustration. She leaned against the locked door and pushed both of her hands against the crotch of her skirt, all while pressing one leg against the other.

"H-hello? Is anyone here?" She called out. Maybe if any of the building staff was here they could unlock it for her. Just maybe. Just for long enough to let her pee, but, to her dissapointment, there was no reply. Only the echo of her desperate cry for help.

This was bad. This meant that she'd have to make it home like this. There was no more time to look for any other bathroom. Her bus was in five minutes. She regretted not looking elsewhere on her floor. Right now even the plant in the break room looked appealing. Anywhere other than her white lacey panties.

With a frustration-filled grunt that resonated throughout the empty lobby, she set out to the bus stop. There simply was no other choice. Lucklily, the entrance doors were still open. Perhaps those were closed last. How fitting that she left the office almost as bursting as she had entered it.

Stepping out into the street, she was immediatelly hit by the cool temperature of outside. It was late after all. She shivered slightly, but her bladder received the biggest shock as it contracted and sent a drop of pee down Chloe's urethra. She immediatelly stopped dead in her tracks, bending forward and pressing her thighs together, squeezing her womanhood tight shut with her muscles. She held back a larger leak, but a tiny drop escaped her defenses and moistened her lips. Her heart sank. She was closer to wetting herself than she initially thought. She had to get home NOW!

"Crap crap crap!"

As soon as she got used to the change in temperature, she resumed her walk. The bus stop wasn't too far. Chloe was incredibly thankful it wasn't. Every one of her steps on the pavement sloshed her full bladder's contents and every clack of her heels seemed to bring her closer to an accident. She felt how her movement had rubbed the drop of pee between her lips, making them feel sticky and wet. She at least hoped she didn't look funny, but looking at her reflection in the glass of the building next to her, she saw just how much her bladder bulged out of her. Her eyes widened and she looked down and there it was. Her huge ball of pent up piss sticking out of her stomach. She increased her pace. Time was running out fast.

Chloe reached the bus stop without further incident. As soon as she did, she tightly crossed her legs while looking at the timetable. The bus would arrive soon. The sooner the better. Chloe's gaze was fixed on the corner where the bus turned into this street. It was as if she was trying to get it to materialize through sheer power of will. Although she really wanted to, she didn't sit down on the bus stop's bench. She knew how hard it'd be to get back up again.

Looking down at her bulge once more she put her hand on it, gently trying to soothe the ache in her stomach. No such luck. The throbing relentlessly persisted. She uncrossed her legs only to knock her knees together and jig up and down on the spot. She couldn't stand still. She wanted to thrust both of her hands onto her desoerate pussy to hold back her flood, but doing it out on the street would be way too embarassing. Even though there were very little people around, Chloe wanted none of their attention right now, though the sight of a good-looking woman fidgetting like a bursting schoolgirl attracted some concerned, confused and lustful glances from the few passing by.

She looked at the corner again. Still no bus. Where the hell was it? A look at the time told her it should've been here two minutes ago. A small ammount of time, but her need to piss wasn't small in the slightest. Every minute meant the difference between a toilet or wet panties. In her dire situation Chloe had a shred of hope that the bus wouldn't be late. Just this once, when she needed it the most.

She tried to distract herself by looking around. Just across the street there was a small café full of people enjoying the end of another workday. In its corner, as if put there merely to taunt Chloe, was a door with the "WC" sign. The sight of it alone caused a strong spasm to rock the poor woman's bladder. She pushed both of her hands onto her crotch as she bent at her knees. She was so full. Her skirt's waistband was really working against her now as it pushed onto her rock hard bladder. She frantically reached for the zipper to loosen it just slightly, but when she tried to pull it, it wouldn't nudge. She remembered it getting stuck earlier this morning too.

"Oh, fuck me."

Finally, the bus was approaching the stop. Chloe pulled herself together and tried to look normal, though with how sweaty and red she was, that was hard to do. The bus pulled up and she made her way to the very back of it. She sat down and let out a sigh of relief as her bladder could get some rest. Her ride home ussually took about twenty minutes. Right now Chloe felt like she'd burst in the next five, but she had to make it home. She always made it to a toilet somehow. Sure, she could suffer some leakage and a wet patch, but she did make it in the end. And this time would be no different. She was determined to make it so.

The bus continued onward. Chloe put her handbag in her lap as she pulled her skirt up just enough that her free hand could reach her crotch and hold herself. Her other hand held onto her bag to make sure it didn't fall off. As she pressed onto her pussy, she could feel how moist her lips were.

The bus hit a nasty bump in the road.

"HMF!" Chloe grunted. She was thankful the only other person on the bus was the driver.

The bump shook not only her sizeable breasts, but her bladder too, which caused it to jolt and send a spurt of hot pee into her panties and hand. It immediatelly felt warm and wet. Her eyes widened and heart beat faster. She whimpered as she held her handbag and arranged her legs so that she could double-cross them. She probably looked ridiculous. She was a beautiful woman with her legs tangled like a pretzel and hand in her crotch, about to wet herself on a bus.

What mainly confused and shocked her was also the fact that despite all this torment, she was becoming horny. Was her bladder so big and hard that it was pressing on her G-spot or something? She'd become so sensitive that even the vibrations of the bus were stimulating her womanhood. She often got aroused once she was empty, but now? While she was absolutely bursting and squirming like her life depended on it? What if she tried to touch herself while in a state like this?

No! This was no time for such thoughts. She had to focus.

As her bladder calmed, she uncrossed her legs and removed her hand to look at her panties. Without a doubt, they were wet. Not only that, but she was also starting to wet her pantyhose. Letting go of her handbag, she thrust both of her hands into her crotch, squeezing her pussy with all her might and wincing as all her pent up pee assaulted her senses. She had to piss so badly.

There was no way Chloe would make it home. Even if she did, by miracle, reach her stop, by the time she'd reach the 18th floor where she lived, she'd certainly have wet herself. She had to think of something else, but what? Where on Earth could she find a place to finally pee?

"God, please... at least a bush."

Then it hit her. The park! It had actual functional toilets! She'd reach it soon and once she emptied herself, it was a ten minute walk to her apartment. Her hope and inner fighting spirit was rekindled. She wouldn't give up yet. The stop was coming up. Giving herself one last hard squeeze, she collected herself and got up, putting her handbag over her shoulder.

As the bus pulled up, Chloe stepped off. With the first step on the pavement came another more significant leak. She winced and stood frozen in place. This was no place to have an accident. Not when relief was so close. She could feel the inside of her thighs getting wet. The bus drove off and Chloe went through the park gates. It was pretty run down, but at least there was greenery.

There were no people around. She stood at a crossroad in the path, jigging up and down and pacing in place as she scanned her surroundings. She finally saw it. A small toilet building.

Not thinking about who could see her, she pulled her skirt up and held herself with both of her hands as she dashed to the toilets. Every step was painful and she felt herself come closer and closer to letting out a torrent of piss, but she just squeezed harder and continued onward. She was so close.

Her control was slipping a little too much. She felt another jet of pee squirt out and drip onto the brick path. She stopped, bending forward and kicking her leg back. She was squeezing herself so hard, her knuckles were turning white. She was breathing heavily and blushing.

"Ooooh, no no no. Not yet! Not yet!"

The leak stopped, but pee was already running down her legs. She resumed her dash.

Just around the corner!

The door! she saw it! She'd made it after all! She reached for the handle. It opened. YES! She could finally pee! She dashed in and...

Almost threw up. She was imediatelly hit by a stench that she'd never even imagined. She stopped dead in her tracks and looked at the horror in front of her. She knew the park was run down, but she hoped that at least the lavatories would be half decent. The toilet along with the floor and walls was covered in something brown and green. The mirrors were stained with who-knows-what and there was graffiti everywhere.

Tears welled up in Chloe's eyes. There was no way she could use this. There were no Ladies' or Men's rooms. This was a unisex bathroom. She closed the door and stepped away.

She was full-on pee-dancing now, breathing heavily and moaning. She was running on the spot, crossing and re-crossing her legs, pressing them so tight together she felt like her hands would break. She looked around for anything else. There was a thicket of trees and bushes just next to the bathroom. Completely desperate, she decided it'll do.

There was no path anymore so she kicked off her high heels so they wouldn't dig into the ground. She leaned down to pick them up, but she squeezed her bursting bladder too much and peed for a whole 2 seconds. It looked like someone had spilled the contents of a small cup onto the ground.

"Fuck fuck... how the hell did it come to this?" She silently said through teary eyes.

She squeezed herself shut once more as she shook in a squating position. Once she had relative control again, she took her shoes and ran into the thicket.

Throwing her shoes and handbag to the side, she immediatelly pawed at her zipper, trying to open it, but it wouldn't move the slightest. She was lifting her legs up and down, crossing, re-crossing them, bobbing up and down, moaning, grunting, all while fighting her zipper or trying to get her skirt out of the way.

Chloe felt it coming out. Not a small leak, but all of it. She could feel all her pent up urine making its way down to her urethra. As a last ditch effort she shot both of her hands to her bursting pussy and clutched it with the last strength she had remaining. No ammount of strength could've saved her. She reached her human limit.

"Please... no."

Her whimper went unheard. Piss exploded out of her, pooling in her hands, spraying from the pressure and splashing down to the ground below. It was like a waterfall between her legs as her cascading piss roared and pooled around her feet. The difference in temperature caused it to steam and the smell of fresh, hot pee filled the air.

Chloe herself was in heaven as she finally emptied herself. All the pee inside her was being released. At this point she didn't even care that she was wetting herself as an adult woman. Her eyes rolled back as she moaned in relief. Still peeing, she stepped back and leaned against a tree for support. She could feel her knees trembling and weakening. The thundering roar of her pee eventually grew quiet and after the final spurts - stopped.

Chloe stood next to a tree in a puddle of her pee after she had had an accident at 27. Her first real accident since school. Her pantyhose was dripping pee and steaming from the warmth. She looked at her skirt. That was easier now that her bladder bulge wasn't in the way so much. Because she had held her hands tight to her womanhood, her pee had sprayed everywhere and left a dark wet patch on her grey skirt. She touched her butt to see whether the same was true on her other side. It was. She was wet front and back.

Her previous feelings of arousal seemed to return stronger than ever and she once again felt horny. She was overtaken by desire to the point where her mind seemed to black out and her hands returned to her crotch. Chloe began to rub her privates. This was wrong. She was out in public. What if someone sees her? She didn't care. She had emptied her full bladder for the second time that day and for the second time that day it excited her.

Was she weird for liking it? Maybe. Did she care? Deffinetly not. That was evident by how intensely she was fingering herself. Her other hand flew to her breast, squeezing and fondling it for additional pleasure. Her knees grew weak again and the support of the tree wasn't enough. She fell on her butt into her still warm puddle of pee. It was like it intensified her pleasure as she played with herself more vigorously.

It didn't take long for her to come in what was the best orgasm Chloe had had since her teenage years. The hand on her breast flew to her mouth, holding back a loud moan. Common sense returned to her and she realized that she had just masturbated in the bushes like some horny teenage boy.

She was beet red. Her arms fell to her sides as all her limbs relaxed. She was exhausted. The puddle of pee had mostly absorbed into the ground and left only damp mud. The pee that was on Chloe's clothes had cooled now, leaving them cool and sticky.

She was speechless. She had no clue on what had just happened. The best course of action would probably be to leave, so she did just that. Supporting herself against the tree, she stood back on her feet. She ran her hand over her butt and thighs, wiping away at any dirt stuck to her. She took her shoes, handbag and calmly left the thicket.

After finding a bench, Chloe sat down and wiped the dirt off of her feet and put her shoes back on. She noticed how she left behind a trail of pee drops wherever she went. She got up and thoroughly examined herself. Her crotch and butt were soaked in a dark wet patch and her pantyhose showed streaks of pee running down her legs. A quick look around told her nobody was nearby. Still, she took her handbag and held it over her wet rear. Sporting a poker face as if nothing had happened, she finally went home.

To her luck, the streets were mostly empty. The few cars that did pass by passed quickly and most pedestrians didn't seem to bother. Save for one man much younger than Chloe that walked opposite to her direction and saw her wet crotch. After thoroughly examining it, just as he passed Chloe, he looked at her with a cheeky smile and a wink.

Chloe blushed, but didn't really know what to make of it. Did he find it attractive? Who the hell finds a woman who's wet herself attractive?

She arrived at her apartment, unlocked the door and bolted in, locking it behind her. Finally, after a chaotic day like this, she was home. She let out a sigh of relief as she leaned against the door.

Her roommate Cassie was fast asleep in her room, evident by the snoring coming from it. Chloe didn't announce her arrival. Cassie had to rest. She was sick, after all.

Chloe immediatelly went to the bathroom and stripped naked, tossing her dirty clothes into the laundry basket. She wanted to shower and go to bed, but couldn't help but feel hungry. Remaining naked, she went to the kitchen and made herself a simple sandwich. She couldn't be bothered with anything more complex.

Once done, Chloe went back to the bathroom and took the shower she'd wanted to take since morning. As she washed herself, she noticed that she needed to pee again. If she wasn't so tired, she'd have tried to hold it, if only to feel an orgasm as intense as earlier. But, as she was exhausted from everything that had happened today, she let her pee flow out. She was surprised by how much there actually was.

Washing her womanhood, she felt it tingle as she brushed her fingers through her bush and between her lips. A few more brushes later and she was full-on masturbating in her shower and fondling her naked breast, all while fantasizing about her accident earlier. She came and had to hold back another moan, not wanting to wake up Cassie.

Just today she had climaxed three times. All because she got unlucky or couldn't plan her bathroom breaks. Withiout a doubt, she had discovered something within herself. Some new fetish or something. She didn't know exactly, but knew she'd find out soon enough. If holding on to a bursting bladder meant so much enjoyment, then it was worth it. What if she tried to masturbate while she was full like she wanted to on the bus?

"Guess I should avoid bathroom breaks more often then." She said to herself in a playful tone as a devilish smile grew on her face. She felt like she'd opened up a whole new world of possibilities.

But now was not the time to explore them.

Stepping out and drying herself, she went to bed. She remained naked as she didn't bother to put on any other clothes and crawled into her bed. She relaxed and quickly fell into a blissful sleep.

