Desperate Secretary

Author: Karathos

*000*2025-10-31 15:14

The city under the cover of night was silent and still. In the suburbs far from the neon lights of the downtown area, a low-key black van was hidden in the darkness, heading toward an even more remote location. Behind the wheel was a man in a suit, his black uniform blending seamlessly with the surroundings.

A young woman sat in the passenger seat. She was very beautiful, wearing a tight-fitting dress that accentuated her curvaceous figure. The slit in the skirt was high, the hem barely reaching her knees. Her long, snow-white legs were carefully crossed, her red high heels lightly resting on the floor.

Mi held a mirror, carefully checking her makeup, but her face was full of unease, as if the reflection wasn’t her own. In her other hand, she flipped through a notebook filled with writing on her lap, glancing at it from time to time.

It had happened yesterday afternoon. At the end of the year, Peng and Mi, both from the Counterintelligence Department, were already overwhelmed with work. Yet at that moment, the company director, Wang Shan, suddenly summoned them to his office. Peng had some dealings with someone of the director’s level, but Mi, a new employee, had never even heard of him—this was a high-level executive she might not meet once in years.

In the office, the middle-aged man with the air of a business elite said nothing at first, only handing them an invitation to a New Year’s party the next evening in the city, clearly a high-profile event.

Then, lowering his voice, he said, “This time we’re discussing a big project. Make sure you perform well.”

Both replied in unison, “Understood,” and were about to leave when the director called them back: “Oh, right… it’s a party, after all. Dress nicely, especially you, Mi. We’ll provide full outfits. Make sure you’re dressed and ready in advance.”

Mi hadn’t realized the gravity of the situation then. But the next day, when she saw the cheongsam and high heels prepared for her, she nearly fainted. In the end, she could only sigh, take off her neutral special agent uniform, and clumsily change into the clothes.

Time was tight. Mi spent the entire afternoon just changing and doing her makeup. After putting on the high heels, it took her ages to learn how to walk. By the time she hurriedly got into the car, she realized she hadn’t used the bathroom all day. But even though she was desperate now, they couldn’t stop midway—she had to hold it until they arrived. So in the car, she kept her legs elegantly crossed.

At that moment, Mi looked out the window in confusion, organizing her thoughts. She now seemed to understand that the president had probably brought her along to be eye candy. Unlike Peng, she was just a new employee with little experience.

“President, why do you think the director chose me?”

“Probably because he thinks you’re good at… breaking the ice.”

Mi spoke while switching the position of her legs. Though her bladder wasn’t overly full, she had been holding it for a long time and hoped to arrive soon so she could use the restroom.

Come to think of it, Peng had only recently discovered that Mi was actually a stunning beauty, just one who didn’t usually dress up. Today, in such revealing clothes, even he was a bit smitten. If they really used her for a honey trap, the effect would likely be impressive. He couldn’t help but have some ideas.

The car fell silent again. Thinking about the mission ahead, Mi grew nervous and unconsciously drank most of a bottle of water. Outside the window, the sky grew darker, and streetlights flickered on. After some time, they turned onto a small road and soon stopped. Peng and Mi had arrived at the venue for tonight’s party—a wealthy merchant’s private estate.

Mi followed Peng out of the car carefully, taking small steps—any larger and she risked exposing herself. The staff took their car to the parking lot, and another polite attendant at the door accepted their invitations, confirmed them, and smiled professionally: “Welcome to the party. Please follow me.”

Tonight seemed destined for something to happen.

It was winter, and even with a coat, Mi shivered from the cold. Fortunately, after walking a short distance along a gravel path, they entered the main building, and the air grew warm.

Upon entering, they passed through a grand lobby where many staff were busy. Crossing the spacious lobby and walking to the end of the corridor, they reached the party venue. It was a tastefully understated private bar, with dim yellow lighting, buffet tables and drinks along two walls, and several tall tables with high stools in the center. It seemed the guests hadn’t all arrived yet; there weren’t many people, though some were already chatting around the tables.

Their arrival briefly interrupted the conversations. As soon as they entered, many eyes turned toward them, most lingering on Mi. Needless to say, her appearance and outfit drew attention, making her even more nervous. She wasn’t used to being the center of attention, let alone being ogled by men, especially when their gazes seemed to carry ill intent.

Her urge to urinate struck inconveniently, and the high heels forced her to stand upright, the pressure in her bladder feeling stronger than in the car. She pressed her legs together, desperate to find a restroom before the party began. But she hadn’t seen one on the way in, and now, scanning the room, she couldn’t find any signs.

She’d have to hold it a bit longer. Mi tried to calm her restless bladder.

After scanning the room, though, she quickly memorized everyone’s faces and began considering who to approach first. She turned to Peng, who was also observing the crowd.

But before they could split up, someone approached them. It was a man from a nearby table who, upon seeing Peng and Mi, came over.

“Peng, right? And you brought a lady tonight.”

Peng smiled and said, “Don’t talk nonsense. This is my colleague, Mi.”

The man looked Mi up and down, nodded slightly, and poured her a large glass of wine.

Mi, confused, instinctively drank it with him, only to see the man leave without even introducing himself.

Mi left the table skeptically. She didn’t want to walk at all right now—wearing a cheongsam and heels, she had to be cautious with every move, or she might fall. The outfit was far too revealing, barely covering half her thighs, making her blush just thinking about it. She had no idea how others perceived her.

Even setting that aside, standing made the ache in her lower abdomen more pronounced. Though she wasn’t at her limit yet, she’d likely have to drink more, and without a restroom, things would get tough. She was a very modest person. The growing urge interrupted her thoughts. Mi carefully took small steps, not daring to part her legs, and gracefully approached the table.

Before she could figure out how to start a conversation, the two men noticed her. Realizing a beauty had appeared beside them, their eyes lit up.

Mi tried to stay calm under their gazes.

“I’m…”

“You’re from Director Wang’s side? So young.”

“And a real beauty!”

Mi didn’t recognize these two ordinary-looking middle-aged men. She could tell they were giving her lewd looks, but she suppressed her emotions, tilted her head with an innocent expression, and quickly checked her cheongsam to ensure it covered what it needed to.

“But sending a young girl here… Director Wang must have his reasons…”

“Hm?”

Mi felt like everyone here was speaking in riddles. She glanced around—there were other women present, so what made her special? One man leaned over and whispered something to the other. She didn’t know what was said, but the first man nodded as if he understood and looked at Mi again. They poured her another drink, clinked glasses, but said little else.

They didn’t introduce themselves either, so Mi still didn’t know their names, though she’d already drunk quite a bit with them. Normally, she’d have gone to the bathroom by now. Her body trembled from the urge, her long, pale legs crossed elegantly—to others, it looked graceful, but oddly, her slender hand was clenched, pressing against her thigh. After another fruitless search for a restroom, Mi felt she couldn’t hold it much longer. She could even feel her overfilled bladder pressing against her clothes. The tight cheongsam made the bulge at her lower abdomen visible when she stood—a clear sign of her prolonged endurance. For now, she was just barely maintaining her composure. She stood with her legs pressed together, crossing them back and forth, suppressing the tremors from her urge.

She’d never held it this long. Her legs shook uncontrollably. She had to find a restroom.

Returning to the party, Peng strode toward the other side of the room, unaware of Mi’s condition. Mi, not daring to part her legs, took quick small steps behind him, struggling to keep up, her heels clicking rapidly on the floor.

Peng reached the most crowded table, suddenly grabbed Mi’s hand, and pushed through the crowd. Mi felt her swollen abdomen being pressed by the crowd, a sharp surge of urgency making her legs tremble. She gritted her teeth, one hand quickly slipping between her legs, the other unconsciously rubbing her thigh.

“Sorry to keep you waiting. Let me introduce my colleague, Mi.”

Mi was still awkwardly pressing her private area when Peng suddenly introduced her to the group. She quickly straightened up, looking around in panic. A group of people stood around a long table, including several young women, with papers and screens on the table—it looked like a meeting.

All eyes turned to Mi. She looked at Peng in confusion, but he remained unfazed.

After a brief silence, a stern-looking man across from her poured her a drink: “Alright, Director Wang’s people—we’ll take good care of you.”

Mi panicked. She couldn’t drink more or she’d lose control. She whispered to Peng, “What’s going on?”

But Peng only said, “Drink with them for now. I’ll explain later,” before turning and leaving her alone in the crowd.

Though he felt a bit guilty about Mi, this was a key part of the plan. He found a chair nearby, silently watching her table while constantly sending messages on his phone.

Sitting down, Mi felt slightly better than standing—her bladder had a bit more room. But with her massive “inventory,” it was a drop in the bucket. Soon, she was forced to drink another glass. At this point, she didn’t care what the people around her were doing—her mind was consumed by the intense urge.

Hidden by the table, Mi’s right leg was crossed over her left, her pale legs glowing under the lights. Her left hand had quietly slipped down, rubbing her thigh incessantly. Her high heel dangled in the air, her body tensing and trembling lightly.

From a distance, Peng watched. He knew Mi’s condition well—in fact, he had deliberately brought her to that strange table to make her hold it. But he hadn’t expected that Mi wasn’t desperate just from the drinks here; she’d been holding it long before arriving. Her urgency far exceeded his predictions.

Mi sat in distress but appeared relaxed on the surface. The man who poured her drink suddenly spoke: “Mi, it’s your first time here. Peng, me, and your Director Wang go way back. Call me Brother Zhao. Come, let’s drink.”

Mi raised her glass, feeling on the verge of collapse.

She silently encouraged herself: It’s fine. I’ll find a restroom soon. I’m an adult—I won’t lose control. Then she downed the drink.

Brother Zhao laughed heartily: “Great tolerance, girl. Even I’m impressed.”

Her head felt hot, and her body was too desperate to move. Under the table, out of sight, Mi’s left hand pressed hard against her outlet through her panties. Her hardened, swollen abdomen spasmed, her private muscles twitching. Her grounded heel tapped the floor, her dangling leg swung restlessly.

Sitting next to Mi, Bai Guang could smell her faint fragrance. He stared at her, curiosity in his eyes. He’d long noticed her shameful movements and wanted to push her down right there. But Mi was cautious—despite the revealing cheongsam with its high slits, she hadn’t exposed herself. Her legs were tightly clamped, covering her nearly bursting outlet.

But then, Mi suddenly switched her legs, and for a moment, the space between them opened wide. Bai Guang clearly saw her black lace panties—scant fabric, with dense curls spilling over the edges. To his surprise, they were still dry. He’d thought a girl this desperate would’ve soaked them already. He couldn’t help but anticipate what might come next.

As she focused on drinking, Bai Guang inched closer. The crowd was noisy, and he carefully reached toward Mi’s abdomen, lightly touching it.

He was shocked by the sensation. It wasn’t the soft body of a young woman—through the silk cheongsam, he could feel how hard her abdomen was. He couldn’t imagine how much she was holding. He didn’t know she’d been enduring all afternoon, her outlet utterly exhausted.

His hand moved to her exposed thigh—smooth, soft, and trembling uncontrollably.

Peng saw everything from afar but didn’t intervene. As Bai Guang groped her, Mi straightened up, her face twisted in pain, her toes curling, one hand dropping to press between her legs. If he were closer, he’d hear her stifled, seductive moans.

Though he noticed a few other women were also holding it, Mi seemed likely to be the first to break—a surprise, given she arrived last.

Was she already holding it before coming?

Mi felt she was about to burst right there at the table. She deeply regretted not using the bathroom before leaving, or she wouldn’t be this desperate so soon after arriving. Though her panties were still dry, the area beneath was soaked, and a flood was imminent.

As a special agent, Mi had prepared for situations like this, but reality differed from her plans. She wasn’t sure if her biggest crisis was being trapped here or her unbearable urge.

I really can’t hold it… In despair, Mi thought, If worse comes to worst, I’ll just let go. At least I’ll feel better and can think of a way out. But after observing her surroundings, the idea vanished.

Mi was now lying flat in an empty room, struggling to lift her head. Across from her, a small camera pointed at her thighs. To her shock, not far behind the camera, Peng was lying on his side, tied to a pole with handcuffs.

Wait, even Peng was kidnapped?

And Peng and the camera… their line of sight is right at my skirt?!

Mi’s face flushed with shame. She clamped her legs tightly, not daring to move. Though she had countless questions about her situation, her mind was overwhelmed with embarrassment.

What if they saw everything while I was unconscious? Thinking of her lace panties, Mi wished she could die—or tie up everyone who knew and throw them into the sea. She regretted wearing something so revealing today.

At least I wasn’t violated… Mi desperately comforted herself. She was still a virgin.

But despite her efforts to protect herself, her cheongsam was too short, and the camera’s angle still revealed plenty.

Mi thought of their mission: the video. A bad feeling crept in. Was the director’s secretary’s video something like this? Did that mean she was targeted too? Would a video of her soon circulate underground?

As she thought, her body twisted restlessly. She felt she couldn’t hold it anymore, her legs moving chaotically, her skirt fluttering revealingly.

Should I wake Peng for help? But if he opens his eyes, he’ll see under my skirt…

But I can’t escape alone. Otherwise, the camera will catch me losing control…

Her outlet twitched involuntarily. Mi tensed up, biting her teeth to hold on. Compared to earlier at the table, her bladder was taking in even more liquid now. She couldn’t help but moan, feeling her black panties growing damp.

“Mi…?”

Amid Mi’s alluring gasps, Peng’s voice rang out. Mi immediately stopped, but found Peng already staring at her in shock.

Peng struggled to describe the scene: Mi’s graceful figure tied to the floor, her high-heeled legs pointed at him, her disheveled cheongsam exposing vast expanses of pale skin. Besides the curves at her chest, her abdomen bulged unnaturally, filled with restless liquid constantly tormenting her anxious body.

The sight was unforgettable. It took him a moment to start struggling, trying to free his hands from the cuffs—to no avail, just like Mi’s attempts.

“Damn it, are we locked up? Who did this?”

“What do you have to complain about? There’s a camera filming me! Kick it aside!”

“I can’t reach it!”

“Then think of something…”

Mid-sentence, Mi froze, eyes wide, body rigid, waist lifting off the floor, legs rubbing frantically, her heavy breathing turning to moans.

“Ah…!”

She felt a spurt of urine escape her exhausted outlet, soaking her thin panties and dripping onto her cheongsam’s hem. Without hands to help, Mi could only clamp her thighs, using her dwindling strength to hold on.

But stopping the flow was nearly impossible. Tears streamed down Mi’s face as she endured unimaginable desperation.

After a torturous ten seconds, she miraculously held it back, avoiding full incontinence, with only a small wet patch on her cheongsam. But that moment had been fully witnessed by Peng—and likely recorded by the unknown camera.

“Peng… I… I can’t hold it anymore. Do you have any ideas…?”

Though reluctant, Mi asked for help.

Peng looked equally helpless, glancing around before sinking into thought. Suddenly, his eyes lit up as if he’d found something.

“Mi! There’s a badge under the table to your right. Pick it up and give it to me!”

“What nonsense! How am I supposed to give it to you?!”

Mi’s voice trembled, her body alternating between tensing and relaxing, her cheongsam hiked up to her waist, her lower half in black panties fully exposed to Peng. The fabric was damp but not soaked through.

“With your foot! Then I can use the pin on the back to pick the cuffs!”

“You think you can do it?!”

“Do you want help or not?!”

Though skeptical of Peng’s skills, it was a plan. Mi used her other foot to slip off her right heel, grateful she wasn’t wearing stockings so she could grip with her toes. She slowly extended her right leg under the table, shifting her body rightward. But after stretching it out briefly, she quickly pulled back.

The moment her legs parted, urine threatened to gush out. But she knew she had to free herself quickly to escape, or the danger would be far worse than incontinence.

Mi took a deep breath and tried again, searching with her leg. She didn’t know why there was a badge here but had no time to wonder—she had to trust Peng.

Her long right leg soon touched the floor, but the gap between her legs left her vulnerable. Mi no longer cared about being exposed—she’d likely been seen already. Her exhausted outlet twitched, her weak muscles contracting, seemingly unable to hold back the flood much longer.

“Ah… ah…”

Mi’s moans sounded like cries of pleasure. She tilted her head back, toes curling, body trembling, her expression almost like she was climaxing.

In this near-delirious state, Mi searched frantically. Time ticked by, and she even felt herself starting to leak.

“I found it!”

Mi’s toes touched something cold. She carefully clamped it with her toes. At that moment, it felt like a string snapped—a gush of urine burst from her overwhelmed outlet, soaking through her panties and shooting out far.

In the final moment, Mi tossed the badge to the floor in front of Peng, then quickly clamped her legs. Her body convulsed, but urine still leaked despite her efforts, flowing from her soaked panties onto her legs and cheongsam. The relief of release was so intense that Mi felt her body losing control, her will and modesty fading, on the verge of fully letting go.

This desperate struggle lasted who-knows-how-long. Just as Mi was about to give up, a hand suddenly slipped between her legs, blocking her outlet.

“Ah!”

Mi cried out. The hand stopped the impending flood, but the sudden touch to her private area brought shame and an unexpected pleasure. That pleasure intensified her urge, mixing pain and comfort in an addictive way. Mi twisted her legs, the easing urgency matched by waves of escalating sensation.

“Mi!”

Hearing her name, Mi snapped awake, opening her eyes to see Peng’s hand pressed between her legs.

Wait, I was just using his hand…

Mi was too ashamed to speak, but her mouth still let out involuntary moans. Her soaked panties pressed directly against Peng’s hand.

“How… how did you do that so fast?!”

“I’m experienced, after all. Come on, let’s go! Take the camera!”

With that, Peng picked Mi’s cuffs, though it took longer this time.

With her hands free, Mi immediately pressed her private area. What was once dry was now drenched, like it had been through a rainstorm.

Mi tried to stand but couldn’t move, her body trembling. Peng didn’t hesitate, scooping her up.

“Ah…”

Mi seemed to want to say something, but all that came out were moans.

Peng was genuinely surprised Mi had lasted this long. He’d underestimated her capacity and endurance, and hadn’t expected her to be so concerned with appearances in this situation.

In his arms, Mi’s light body trembled, her abdomen swollen like a mountain. After carrying her out of the room, Peng quickly found a door down the corridor that led outside. Only then did they realize they were no longer in the party building.

Even with both hands pressing, Mi continued to leak. Peng could feel urine running down her legs onto his arm. He hurried carefully to the gate, saw no one, and escaped the estate, crossing the road to their car.

Opening the door, Peng gently placed Mi in the passenger seat. Her dark hair was soaked with sweat, the hem of her cheongsam wet and dripping. Yet even after leaking so much, her urgency hadn’t eased.

“I know a public restroom nearby!”

Mi sat with her head down, motionless. She didn’t know what had just happened. Her mind was blank, consumed by the need to hold it, even as urine continued to flow. She persisted pointlessly.

The restroom was indeed close—just a few minutes away. As soon as the car stopped, Peng was about to carry her in, but Mi suddenly opened the door herself, bent over, pressing her outlet, twisting her body as she ran inside. Behind her, a clear trail of water marked her path.

Worried, Peng followed. Mi rushed into the restroom, yanked open a stall door, and could no longer hold back. A thick stream burst from her panties. Panicked, she pulled them down, her dark curls soaked, and from deep within, an unprecedented torrent gushed from her body.

Mi’s body went limp, collapsing onto the toilet, letting her lower half release freely.

