Dying to Pee - Danny Phantom Fanfiction

Author: KrisAbyss

*000*2025-01-18 23:48

I've been wanting to write Danny Phantom omo fanfiction for years now and I finally decided to do it. Please note that this story is explicit and contains detailed descriptions of sex. I hope you enjoy! Scroll down to the three dashes if you want to skip over the backstory.

Click here if you'd like to read on AO3 instead.

###

Danny snuggled up next to Sam on the couch, paying little attention to the movie they had put on. She looked over to him with a smile and put a hand on his head, running her fingers through his messy black hair. Danny suspected she wasn’t paying any more attention to the movie than he was.

Things had been nice since they left Amity Park. Danny had told his parents about his ghost half when he was 16, and they took it well. When he left for college at 18, they closed the ghost portal, figuring that would be safer for the town when Danny wasn’t around. He had been working on balancing superheroing with classes throughout high school, and was ecstatic to find that he’d been accepted to the same college as Sam, who he had been dating for a couple years.

They found a small house to rent close to the school. Living together wasn’t always easy, but now that they lived together, they had plenty of privacy. That was a luxury they did not always have when living with their parents. Before they moved in together, they hadn’t done much sexually, but once they had a whole house to themselves, they started experimenting a bit more.

The day they lost their virginity to each other was… awkward, to be honest, but first times always are. They practiced frequently after that and got better at sex over time. But they didn’t branch out much. Danny had been thinking of how to bring up his fantasies, but there was never a good time.

“Say, Danny…” Sam started. Her voice shook. Was she nervous? “I have a couple questions that may sound weird, but bear with me, please don’t judge.”

“I love you, Sam. I’d never judge you. What’s up?” Danny replied.

Sam continued stroking Danny’s hair, absentmindedly. “I’m not sure where to start. Hm.” She took a deep breath. Yep, she was definitely nervous.

Danny put a comforting hand on her thigh. “Take your time.”

Sam said, “I’m curious how your ghost form affects some of your more human needs.”

That was not what Danny expected, but he was happy to answer. “Well, I don’t need to eat or sleep when I’m a ghost, although I can if I want to. Why do you ask?”

Sam’s fingers moved a little faster, getting tangled in his hair. “What about using the bathroom?” she asked.

Hm, that was an interesting question. “Well, I’ve never given it much thought. I’ve never really needed to go, in ghost mode. Although there have been times I changed back and suddenly needed to pee really badly. I’ve had to rush to the bathroom after a couple ghost fights.” Danny chuckled.

Sam stopped breathing for a couple seconds. Danny was concerned, until she took a shaky breath. What was that about? “Yeah, that’s about what I meant. Interesting.” She was clearly trying to be nonchalant about it. She was not particularly successful. “What’s the worst you’ve ever needed to pee?”

Danny tapped his fingers on Sam’s thigh. “Oh boy. Remember when we first moved in together, that long road trip we took to get here? I could barely focus on the road, and my legs were shaking badly. It took me way longer than I’d hoped to find a rest stop. I seriously considered pulling over and just peeing on the side of the road.”

Sam’s eyes were wide. “Oh.” She cleared her throat.

“What is this about, Sam? I know it’s not idle curiosity. Don’t worry, it’s okay, whatever it is.”

Sam straightened on the couch and looked Danny in the eye. “Okay.” She blew a deep breath out of her mouth. “Have you ever heard of omorashi?”

“Nope, can’t say I have. What is it?” He smiled. Hopefully it came off comforting.

“Well, it’s a kink. Fetish? Whatever.” She closed her eyes, like she couldn’t look at him to say this next part. “I get turned on when people badly need to pee. Especially if they can’t hold on anymore and lose control.” She opened her eyes and squinted at him. “Is that okay?”

“Of course it’s okay. I’m surprised you didn’t say anything sooner. Would it help if I told you something I’m into?”

Sam grinned. “Definitely.”

“Well, I’ve been thinking, bondage could be fun. I mean, obviously I can escape without much effort, but the fantasy is fun.” Danny stroked Sam’s thigh, his fingers inching closer to the space between them.

“That’s perfect,” Sam said. Her voice was stronger now. “How would you feel about me taking control, ordering you around?”

Danny giggled. “Sounds fun, mistress.” He winked. Sam’s face went red. “I’d love to be your little boy toy.”

Sam moved her hand from Danny’s hair to his lap, where a bulge was forming in his jeans. “You do like this idea, don’t you?” He nodded with a lopsided grin. “I’ve done a little research on BDSM, actually,” Sam continued. “You always want to use a safe word. Some people recommend traffic light colors. Red for stop, green for go. Yellow means we slow down and discuss what needs to change before we continue. Simple enough.”

“Sounds good to me,” said Danny.

“I’ve got some ideas for things we can try. But I’ll need time to prepare. Give me a day or two to buy some supplies and we’ll come back to this.” Sam glanced at Danny’s bulge. “Don’t worry. I won’t let that go unattended.” Danny grinned and unzipped his pants.

###

A couple days later, Danny came home from class to find Sam on the couch and a case of water bottles on the table. “Thirsty, are you?” he said with a smirk.

“No, but you better be.” Sam giggled and held out a leather collar. She nodded to the floor next to the couch. “Kneel.”

Danny raised an eyebrow but obeyed. Sam gently put the collar around Danny’s neck. “You remember the safe word?”

“Red for stop, yellow for slow down, green for go,” he dutifully recited.

“Good boy,” Sam said. Danny felt warm and fuzzy. He could get used to this. “Come sit next to me.” Sam patted the couch. “And drink this.” As Danny stood up, she handed him a plastic water bottle.

“Yes, mistress,” Danny said as he obeyed.

Sam browsed through a few movies on the TV, picking one they had already seen. The movie was about two hours long. “I want you to finish four of these bottles by the time the movie ends. Oh, and you should probably go pee now. Leave the door open; I want to hear it.”

Sam was getting braver. Good. This would be fun. Danny walked down the hall to the bathroom, leaving the door open as requested. His bladder twinged hard when he walked through the door. Maybe peeing now was a good idea after all.

He stood in front of the toilet and freed his dick from his pants. As soon as he aimed, a torrent of piss blasted into the toilet. Danny felt very relieved; he hadn’t realized how badly he needed to go until she said something. He flushed, zipped up, washed his hands, and went back to the couch.

Danny looked over to Sam as he sat down. “That felt good,” he said. Sam simply smiled and handed him a water bottle. He opened it and took a sip.

An hour later, Danny had finished two of the bottles and felt the tiniest urge in his bladder. “I kinda need to pee,” he said. “Not too bad though. I can wait.”

“Good,” Sam replied, “because you’re not allowed to go.”

Danny nodded obediently and started on the third bottle.

“I want to push you really far, if you’re willing,” Sam said. “If you want me to stop…” she trailed off.

“It’s okay. Green, right? I’ll let you know if that changes.” Danny smiled gently.

“Good boy. You’ve been drinking about a bottle every half hour. I want you to keep that pace up,” Sam said. Danny took a gulp of water and gave Sam a thumbs up.

By the time the movie ended, Danny had drank four of the bottles as requested. “Go put those in the recycling,” Sam ordered. “I wouldn’t even be using disposable bottles, but they were covered under the meal plan, and the tap water here is gross…”

Danny laughed. “You know I’m not judging you, Ms. Ultra-Recyclo Vegetarian.”

Sam groaned. “Come on, that was one year in high school. You know I’m vegan now. I’m not that cringe anymore.”

Danny laughed again, but his laugh turned into a moan when he stood up. “Okay, now I really need to pee.”

Sam’s smile stretched across her entire face. “If it’s too much, you can always go ghost.”

Danny’s smile was strained. “I can handle it for now.” He threw the bottles in the bin and sat back down.

“Good boy. Drink up.” Sam put on another movie while Danny worked on the next bottle.

Half an hour later, Danny shifted in his place on the couch. His bladder was insistent now. It felt full, stretched out. He poked it. It was hard to the touch and sent a spasm into his penis, which jerked in his boxers as he strained to hold it in. “Oh God. It’s bad now.”

He focused on his core and transformed into his ghost form. Danny’s bladder stopped complaining as much, although the urge was definitely still present.

Sam looked over to him once the bright rings faded. “You good?” she asked with a smirk.

“Yes, mistress. It’s much more manageable like this.” Danny’s voice echoed as he spoke.

“In that case, keep on drinking. I want to see how bad it can get.” Sam poked Danny’s bladder. He felt an urge when she poked, but it faded. “Hm. There’s definitely still room in there.”

Danny supposed he could hold more now that he transformed. Might have something to do with how his ghost form is more malleable, being made mostly of ectoplasm… It was something to think about later. For now, there were more important things on his mind.

An hour later, seven bottles had accumulated in the recycling bin. It had now been three and a half hours since Danny last peed, and it was affecting him even in ghost form. He squirmed on the couch, trying and failing to keep his composure.

“How are you feeling, my pet?” Sam asked.

“Well, I’m dying to pee, but otherwise good,” Danny replied with a shaky smile.

Sam laughed. “Already dead to pee, you mean?”

“Agh, I need to pee too badly to laugh at ghost puns,” Danny complained. His bladder felt like it was being compressed by his hazmat suit, and every time he moved it sent spasms across the lower half of his body.

“In that case, I think it’s time to move to the bedroom,” Sam said.

“If you want me to piss the bed, sure,” Danny snarked.

“Don’t worry, I bought a mattress protector. Let’s go.”

Sam got up and Danny followed. He took two steps towards the bedroom, his bladder protesting each time his foot hit the ground. He floated a few inches above the carpet and flew the rest of the way to the bed.

“Clever,” Sam remarked. “Lay down.”

“Yes, mistress.” Danny laid down on his back, his bulging bladder straining against his suit.

Sam grabbed a few pairs of fuzzy handcuffs and cuffed Danny’s wrists and ankles to the corners of the bed. Spreading his legs made the urge worse. Danny could feel the pee at the tip of his cock, begging to be let out.

“God, Sam, I need to pee so fucking bad. I’ve never had to pee this badly before.” Danny’s voice shook with the effort of holding it in.

Sam grinned. “If you complete a challenge for me, I’ll give you a reward.”

Danny squirmed against his bonds. “Yes, please, anything to make this better.”

“I want you to transform to your human form. Stay like that for, oh, thirty seconds?” Sam sat on the bed next to him, jostling his bladder. “You can hold it. I believe in you.”

Danny grimaced. Bright rings appeared around his waist, turning him human. A strong spasm wrecked his bladder as soon as the transformation completed. His dick jumped in his jeans, straining against the fabric of his boxers, begging to let out even a drop.

“Ah ah ah,” Sam said. “Don’t let anything out. You can turn back in twenty-five more seconds.”

Danny wiggled his body, pulling against the cuffs, trying to take pressure off his bladder any way he could. But it wasn’t enough. After ten seconds, a slow, steady stream escaped, leaving a wet patch on his jeans. He managed to stop it with some effort, after a few seconds.

“Aw, couldn’t quite hold it?” Sam teased. She traced a finger along the wet spot, Danny writhing under her touch. She counted down the last few seconds. As soon as she said zero, Danny transformed. The relief was immediate.

“I still really need to pee, but I don’t think I’m going to leak any more.”

“Good boy,” Sam cooed. “You did really well. I’d say you’ve earned a reward.” Danny didn’t think he could last too much longer even in ghost form, so he’d gladly take what he could get.

Sam’s hand trailed down Danny’s chest, across his bladder, which spasmed and sent a wave of urgency downwards. Sam’s hand continued moving until it found what it was looking for.

“I’ve heard being hard can help,” Sam explained as she rubbed his cock through the spandex. “And since you’re a little tied up at the moment, I’ll have to help with that.” She giggled. Her fingers moved agonizingly slowly. Danny’s hips bucked to meet her hand, his legs straining against the restraints. “Easy, boy.”

Danny whined. “Please, mistress, I need more.”

“You asked so nicely. I’m happy to oblige.” Her movements got faster, firmer, as Danny grew under her touch. Her fingers trailed up and down his length, pleasurable and agonizing at the same time.

She continued to tease him until he was rock hard. Her hand retreated. “How do you feel now?” she asked.

Danny whined again. “I need your touch so badly, I don’t even care how much I need to pee.”

“Well, we can’t have that, can we?” She took a hand and placed it palm-down on his bladder.

“Oh, no,” Danny said. The slight pressure made the urge come back. She slowly increased the pressure and his need skyrocketed. Once again he could feel the piss aching to come out of his peehole. “I’m going to leak if you don’t stop!”

Sam pushed hard for a second then let go. But that second was enough. A strong spurt escaped into his suit. He squirmed uselessly as he tried to stop it. Sam gripped his hard cock through the wet spandex and the stream slowed to a stop. “You’re so mean,” he said.

Sam grinned at him. “You know what to say to make me stop.”

Danny grimaced at the warning signals his bladder was giving him, but said nothing.

“Alright, Danny, you’ve done so well. If I hold onto your costume and you go intangible, can I take it off without having to untie you?”

Danny nodded and phased out of his costume, leaving him naked and still cuffed to the bed. The urge got worse, without the clothes telling his body that he’s not allowed to pee there. A few drops leaked out of his penis, but he managed to stop it.

Sam removed her leggings and underwear, but kept her skirt on. She took her lacy panties, wet from her arousal, in one hand and rubbed Danny’s throbbing cock with them. Danny groaned. “Oh God, Sam, please…”

Sam needed no more convincing. She threw her panties to the side and climbed on top of him. The pressure this put on his bladder was extreme, but before he could even think about leaking, she guided him into her wet pussy. He thrusted as deep as he could and let out a satisfied moan. Sam squealed as he fucked her.

“Danny…” Sam moaned. She reached a hand down and frantically rubbed her clit as she rode him. “Please, don’t stop.”

Despite feeling like his bladder was going to explode, Danny continued until a different pressure started to build up. “Ohhhh, I want to cum…”

“Oh, fuck me,” Sam said, her voice breathless. “Please cum for me. You’ve been such a good boy.” She thrusted her hips and Danny’s vision went white. His hips bucked up to meet hers and he went still as he came. Pleasure overrode all his senses as he felt his cock twitch inside her, cum shooting into her tight cunt.

Sam went still a moment later, before bucking wildly on him. She moaned, “I’m cumming,” and rode him like she needed him more than air. The sensation was intense, between the way she squeezed him tightly as she came and the way she bounced on his bladder. Her orgasm continued even as Danny started to come down.

“Sam…” Danny said, voice strained. “Sam, I need to pee.” Sam only responded with a breathy moan, continuing to ride him, shockwaves pulsing through his bladder. Finally her orgasm ended, and she dismounted, laying on the bed, spent.

Sam sighed. “Fuck… I feel so relaxed.”

“I don’t,” Danny complained. “I need to fucking piss.”

A sly smile formed on Sam’s face. “Transform back for me.”

“But–” Danny tried to protest, but Sam cut him off with a kiss. He obeyed, transforming back to his human form. His cock twitched, once, and suddenly a torrent of pee hissed into his jeans.

Danny moaned deeply. The relief was unbelievable. He pissed for ages, soaking his jeans and the bed beneath him. He had never felt relief so satisfying. Sam watched, her mouth formed into a little “o” as he continued to release. He sighed again as the stream finally petered out.

Sam grinned. “How do you feel now?”

“Fuck…” Danny couldn’t form words.

Sam laughed. “Good boy. Let’s get you cleaned up.” She removed the cuffs, but Danny just laid there, too relaxed to move. “Take your time. We have all night.”

Danny threw an arm around her and they cuddled in the wet bed. They’d have to do this again some time.

