A Desperate Last Race

Author: KitoKitoKito

*000*2022-09-20 20:57

Hello everyone! This is a story that someone recently commissioned me to write, in which two male characters from the series "Yowamushi Pedal" meet up for one last bike ride before they both head off to college, those characters being Toudou and Makishima! However, during the race, one of them realizes they probably shouldn't have drunk so much before beginning!

The characters in this story are 18+, and it takes place well after the events of the main anime/manga!

If you enjoy the story, consider commissioning me - you can get more info about my rates and what I will/won't do by simply emailing me: [email protected]

! If you enjoy this, also consider checking out my Patreon for more kinky stories: https://www.patreon.com/kitokito1?fan_landing=true

Enjoy the story!

“Maki-chan!”

Toudou waved confidently to Makishima as he approached, a bold, confident smile on his face. He sat on his back, leaning back a little, one hand on the handlebars and the other in the air, waving. His helmet was strapped on tight, his water bottle full and ready to go, a few bottles of Gatorade he had drunk while he waited sitting in the trash can to his side. He couldn’t believe it - Makishima actually said yes! He always felt that their high school rivalry had been the highlight of his life as a biker, and he was extremely excited to get one more race in before the two went off to college. Neither was quite sure if their paths would cross again, but that wasn’t a big deal - they’d figure something out along those lines, it didn’t need to happen right now.

Makishima hopped out of the car, opening the trunk to remove his bike, which had just barely fit. He had been driven by someone else, perhaps a relative or friend, not that it matters - all that was on either of their minds were each other and the race ahead of them. He gave a nod to the driver, who soon drove away, leaving the two together at the base of the hill. It was the evening, 7 pm. The sun would begin to set soon, but hopefully, their race would end before it was gone - neither of them were interested in riding in the darkness.

Makishima smiled back at Toudou, something he always struggled to do, but in Toudou’s presence, he noticed it had become a little easier. He wasn’t quite sure why, but something about that biker was special to him - special to him in a way he couldn’t quite explain. “Evening, Toudou,” he said, attempting to maintain some calm professionalism to his aura as he clicked on his helmet. Both wore their high school uniforms, something they hadn’t agreed to do necessarily, but something they had both involuntarily done - they were on the same wavelength in this way, each one knew how to make this last race special.

“Come on, come on, Maki-chan! Don’t make me wait, I want to get this thing started before the sun sets!”

Makishima smirked as he walked up to the bottom of the hill, a long, steep climb ahead of them. They were both climbers, bikers who specialized in hills such as this one, with specially made techniques to cover ground efficiently and quickly. “Yeah, yeah, calm down, we’ll be fine,” he said, the strands of his green hair sticking out of the bottom of his helmet blowing in the slight breeze.

Jinpachi watched him staring at that hill with such confidence, thinking about how awkward he was when they first met. To them, biking was the only way they could really communicate - both had their personality quirks, but this sport brought them together. However, Jinpachi was finding it hard to focus as he looked at Makishima. The confident smirk on his face, the bold concentration in his eyes, the way his hair flowed in the breeze, all of it was so weirdly enrapturing to him. The sun was still shining, though it was nearing the horizon, and yet, the way it came through the trees lining this long street seemed to highlight his Maki-chan so perfectly. Wait, his Maki-chan? He felt himself blushing a bit - what was he thinking? This was just a race between rivals, nothing more, and yet, his heart was beginning to race more than his bike would soon be. What kind of thoughts about Makishima were hiding in his-

“Toudou.” Jinpachi snapped out of it, shaking his head and blinking hard, his face being covered in an embarrassed blush. Makishima stared at him with confusion. “What’s wrong with you?”

“O-oh, um, nothing,” Jinpachi said, attempting to regain his confidence. “Just, uh, the summer heat is getting to me. Better stay hydrated!” He took his water bottle out of his bike and took multiple gulps, smiling afterward, managing to cover up his embarrassment with his bravado facade. He slipped the water bottle back in and placed both hands on the handlebars, placing his left foot on the pedal. He turned his gaze to the steep climb ahead of him and steeled his resolve to succeed… and suddenly, he felt a bit of pressure on his bladder. He looked down for just a moment - maybe he had drank a little too much? But he couldn’t back out now - if he stopped to use the bathroom, it would dampen the resolve they both felt from the challenge before them. “You ready, Maki-chan?”

“Ready as I’ll ever be, hairband,” he responded, leaning forward on his bike, putting his right foot on the pedal. He knew Toudou fairly well from their years of rivalry, however, their techniques were opposites in nature - he had a feeling Jinpachi wanted to prove that his way of doing it was better than Makishima’s, and he had no inclination of letting that happen. “Hey, I have an idea - how about the loser buys lunch tomorrow?”

Toudou’s blush returned just a little bit, turning his head to the left enough that Makishima wouldn’t see, even though the green-haired climber’s gaze was set solely on that hill. Did he just ask him out on a date? But wasn’t this bicycle ride already sort of a date? Did he already want another one? Was he looking too far into this? Wait, did this mean- no, no, focus, focus. “Y-you’re on!” He stuttered a tad bit, but if Makishima noticed, he didn’t show it.

“Let’s count down from three and we’ll start on ‘go.’” Maki licked his lips, setting his sights on the top of the hill.

“Alright, let’s do this!”

The two counted in unison, both leaning over their handlebars, gears set to the optimal climbing position. “Three. Two. One. Go!”

Immediately, they both pounded onto their pedals and began to accelerate up the hill! It was a slow acceleration at first, leaves from the green trees around them falling with the wind onto the street, setting the scene for an incredible race. This route had multiple winding turns which would be pivotal for the riders to take the lead - this would be an intimidating route for anyone else, but these two climbers knew this street like the back of their hands; they had both been racing here from the beginning.

As they got into the flow of their biking, Makishima switched his gears - it was time to get serious! His blood pumped hard through his veins, his heart racing, his legs screaming with familiar pain, sweat beginning to form on his forehead as he shouted, “Hope you like the sight of my back, cause you’re going to be staring at it this whole race! See you at the top!” He lifted his ass into the air and began to pedal much harder, and, suddenly, his aura intensified immensely. He began to tilt his bicycle back and forth, the frame getting incredibly close to the ground, back and forth, back and forth, and soon enough, he was swaying, moving rhythmically to music only he could hear, a tempo like that sounded like a spider’s legs tapping on the metal frame of his bike.

Jinpachi watched in awe - he had never really admired Maki-chan’s incredible technique this way before, but it was honestly stunning. He really did look just like a peak spider. He opened his mouth involuntarily as Makishima picked up speed and quickly soared ahead, climbing that mountain like it was nothing. However, another feature of the incredible move soon stood out to Jinpachi, another feature that reminded him of a spider, something completely separate from his long, thin, graceful limbs, his beautiful, shining hair, the awkward confidence he exuded with his whole body, the incredible aura showing in his climb!

It was his ass.

Jinpachi raised one of his gloved hands to his face, bit into the leather, and screamed a little, using the leather to muffle it almost completely. Makishima didn’t hear a bit of it over the sound of his riding and the muffle, thank God. Jinpachi’s face was completely red - it was so amazing, how had he never noticed this before!? It was tight and big, his glutes looking like smooth cinder blocks, he was entranced, he felt jealous of that smooth leather bicycle seat. He clenched his teeth and tilted his head back, groaning - he had to focus, he had to focus! 

He wanted to win this. It wasn’t about the rivalry anymore - he couldn’t deny it, this was now about love! He was going to pass Makishima, leave him in the fucking dirt, and when that beautiful green-haired spider boy made it up to the top, he was going to see Jinpachi’s teeth gleaming, the sun setting behind him, cherry blossoms falling gently in the breeze, and Jinpachi was going to smile, make some snide, cocky, but still friendly remark about his victory, and then confess his love for his opponent, proving his dominance! He would speak with his bike now, speak with his mouth later, and then have a very intimate conversation with Makishima’s ass tomorrow after lunch!

He set his sight back to the hill and began to focus, breathing in and out. Maki-chan was getting further away - it was time to step it up. He felt his breath flowing throughout his body, his limbs each beginning to move on their own, the natural muscle reflex he had built up through years of perfecting his technique taking over as he began to pedal with the proficiency of a master. He felt everything disappear around him except for the road, Maki-chan, and himself. Every sensation on his body intensified, the direction of the breeze, the sound of his bike and Maki’s, the smell of his own sweat, the pressure that was slowly getting worse in his bladder-

He found himself interrupted, not losing the flow he was getting into. However, something was going to have to change. His bladder was pushing against him far harder than he expected; that little pressure was now becoming much bigger, and it was starting to hurt, his body was begging for him to release it. He considered for just a moment asking Makishima to pull over so he could get it out, but that wasn’t going to happen - he couldn’t interrupt their race, their date, this needed to be perfect! He would push through it!

He breathed in, and breathed out, feeling himself becoming one with the bike. Slowly, all sound he made began to fade, replaced by utter silence as he achieved perfect form. This was it - this was his sleeping beauty silent technique!

Makishima’s distant figure soon came closer and closer as Jinpachi caught up, the spider still making his perfect strides with no regard for the ninja approaching him from behind, and like the wind, Jinpachi suddenly flew past the spider, taking one glance at his ass, high in the sky, wiggling just as he was, using that sight as motivation to push farther as he strode past Maki-chan. He met Maki’s eyes for just a moment. Jinpachi’s gaze was full of that bold confidence, a confident, pretty smirk on his face. Makishima’s eyes showed surprise for only that one quick moment - he should’ve seen that coming. Jinpachi wasn’t so easy that he would fall behind in the beginning and stay there the whole time.

Jinpachi pulled ahead, rushing past the spider, causing Makishima to sway more, pedal harder, slowly accelerating to conserve the pace he needed to climb this hill while still gaining enough speed to make Jinpachi eat his fucking ass - dust, dust, eat his dust.

However, something was a little different in the ninja’s usually perfect, impeccable technique. His legs were just a little bit too spread apart, and his ass, stuck up in the air just a little off his seat, was wiggling in the most bizarre way. Suddenly, his eyes gleamed with recognition - there was no chance that was happening right before his eyes, but… was it really?

He licked his lips as a blush formed across his face. Jinpachi was desperate. His bladder was full, and it was hurting him. The little imperfections were all he needed to see. He would never admit it to anyone, but Maki happened to have a fascination with the specific sight of a cute boy with a full bladder, and the loss of control over it that soon followed. This kink had prevented him from pursuing any serious relationships in his life - it was something he knew he would need to share with his partner, but such a dirty idea was frowned upon by almost everyone else who could be considered more of a “normal” person. And yet, here it was, right in front of him, the scenario he had spent hours browsing on Omorashi.net actually playing out before his very eyes. He had never thought much about Jinpachi as a potential partner, but seeing him like this, his incredible qualities became very clear.

His muscles seemed to glisten in the quickly fading sunlight, his incredible confidence and cheerful, competitive nature made his heart race, not to mention the wiggle of his ass highlighted its great features. Jinpachi had always been a rival to him, but now, as his mind started to fog up with horny thoughts, combined with the pain from how he exerted himself on his bike, he was seeing him as more of a potential lover. He could already imagine the little leak beginning. He bit his lip. Maybe he should suggest they pull over and let him go? It would be the nice thing to do, right? No, no, no - Jinpachi wouldn’t want that. He’d want to keep pushing. If he needed to pull over, he’d say so. This was his main reasoning, but Makishima couldn’t deny the part of him that hoped he’d empty his bladder out while sitting on his bike.

Makishima watched with lustful eyes as Jinpachi continued to ride silently, his cute ass wiggling, that apparent desperation driving the horny biker insane. He shook his head - he couldn’t let his horny thoughts distract him from his goal! He pedaled harder and swayed faster, accelerating slowly, eventually catching up to Jinpachi, ending up right next to him as they both climbed.

Jinpachi turned to him as he approached, accelerating as well, both bikers keeping the same pace. The desperate biker squirmed as he rode, his cocky smile still remaining, although it was wavering a bit - his bladder was really pushing hard against him now. They had passed the halfway point by now, but he wasn’t sure if he could make it to the top like this. Nonetheless, he chose to keep the confident facade up as he turned to Makishima. “You really think you can beat me on my home turf? I always come first on this hill!”

Makishima smirked, a dirty thought forming in his head. He found himself wanting to make this rivalry into something more than just that. Usually, he would keep such comments as the one he was about to make to himself, as he was far too awkward to utter them normally, but a little joke wouldn’t hurt this at all, surely. “Come first? That’s pretty selfish, hairband - I can think of a few scenarios in which I wouldn’t mind coming second.”

Jinpachi’s face was covered in a blush - what the hell was that?! He had never expected Maki-chan to say something so bold, so suggestive! “M-Maki, Maki-chan, I never thought you had such a dirty mind!”

Makishima felt his mouth begin to move before he could even register what he was going to say. “I have a much more dirty mind than you might think, Toudou, and it’s been quite active this whole race.” Why did he say that?! The fatigue of this intense race was clearly stopping him from thinking logically before he spoke!

Jinpachi almost ran straight into a wall, barely making a turn, so dumbfounded by Maki’s brashness. He quickly came up with a response, trying to match Maki’s energy. “Don’t get too excited - I know we all call you a spider, but that doesn’t mean you should be making webs while you race!” He was, admittedly, very, very flustered by Makishima’s dirty flirting, but he was trying his best not to show it.

Makishima laughed, gaining confidence as he watched Jinpachi’s face redden, his lip quivering. “Don’t worry, I won’t make any webs, but you should be careful too - it’s getting pretty obvious you’re on the verge of producing a different kind of substance down there.”

“W-w-wha- I-I’m fine, I can hold it! A rider like me wouldn’t let such a thing stop him!” He could practically feel steam coming out of his ears, his face feeling extremely hot. This wasn’t how their conversations used to go - what happened to the cute and awkward Makishima? Why was he so horny all of the sudden? And why was it making Jinpachi thirsty for him!?

Makishima laughed once again, moving closer to Jinpachi, putting his bike right next to his and whispering in his ear. “We’ll see about that, my little puppy.” He then accelerated extremely fast. His entire body, brain and mouth included, was now on autopilot. That last line was taken straight from the search history he cleared every night - he couldn’t believe he actually said it! Part of the reason he pulled forward was to escape any possible retort or reaction in general to such a statement, though it was mainly to hide his own reaction, or, rather, erection - his boner was unmistakable through his pants! He stuck his ass in the air and rode like his life depended on it.

“A-a-w-wha-” Jinpachi stuttered, his form interrupted as he tried to process what he just heard. Did Makishima just call him his puppy!? He couldn’t even begin to register what that was supposed to mean, and he wasn’t quite sure if he was ready to accept the fact that he loved it immensely. He could feel his underwear get just a little sticky, and his bladder getting far, far more annoying - he felt like he was a water balloon being filled up way too much, on the verge of losing it. For just a moment, he lost a little control, and he felt just a little wetness on his underwear as a small bit of piss trickled out! He tensed his muscles and managed to keep it in, but it was clear that he wouldn’t make it much longer. He pedaled harder as the sun began to set ahead of him, regaining his perfect technique and soon catching up to Makishima, getting right behind him as the end suddenly came into sight!

Jinpachi managed to get side by side with the spider, and the two met eyes, both filled with determination, and immediately, they both began to push harder than ever! Jinpachi became so silent not a single bit of his bike could be heard, absolutely perfect in his execution, even forcing his body to work just as he intended for it to as though he was not desperate to piss at all - he brought his legs in, resisted the urge to grab his crotch to hold it, and pushed forward! He could go when he made it to the top, it would be fine, what mattered now is that he won!

Makishima pushed too, swaying as fast as he could, truly looking just like a peak spider, putting everything he could into his technique! He had to win this - he was going to leave Toudou so in shock from his defeat that he would lose control of his body, empty his bladder out into his clothes, fall down to his knees in front of Makishima, and-

Maki began to yell, partially to drown out his own thoughts, mostly as a part of pushing himself that last little bit, putting more into his stride than he ever had before! Jinpachi followed his lead, also yelling, both pedaling as hard as they ever had!

Finally, the two crossed the finish line, both at exactly the same time - it was a tie! They each turned their bikes sideways, screeching to a halt at the top of the hill. It was nighttime now, and it had gotten dark. Streetlamps illuminated them both in a warm, yellow glow as they both stood on their bikes, panting, sweat dripping down their faces and covering their bodies. This was the hardest either had ever biked - it was incredible what horniness could do to one’s adrenaline.

Makishima undid his helmet, putting it on his handle by the strap, putting his kick stand down and throwing his leg over his bike to get off. He spoke, “Good race, Toudou, but it looks like we’re right back where we started - just another tie. We can race again this summer, if you want; I honestly had a lot of fun, I wouldn’t mind-”

He looked over to Jinpachi, who was still on his bike, and was squirming quite badly, with one hand holding his crotch. Makishima immediately shut up - was it really going to happen!? He watched as Jinpachi suddenly seemed to stiffen for a moment, then sighed, removing his hand, his whole body relaxing all at once. Maki watched in shock as Toudou’s blue shorts slowly began to turn a darker shade, listening to the very, very faint trickle of urine. Jinpachi shivered in relief as that wet spot slowly grew and grew, and then, piss began to trickle right out, right onto his bike seat. It pooled on the black leather and soon began to fall onto his metal frame, pittering off, some of it bouncing onto his white socks and leaving yellow spots, most just falling onto the road. It soon increased in intensity, and eventually, it was just a waterfall. Jinpachi leaned back, covering his face in shame, more red than he had been that whole time, a puddle of piss forming below his bike.

His underwear and shorts were both absolutely drenched. Some of it ran down his legs and made his socks damp, leaving streaks of wet piss on his muscled legs. It was so warm, it was almost comfortable! Eventually, it ended, the last few drops making their way out, leaving him as a wet mess at the top of the hill.

“W-woah,” Makishima stuttered, face red - he couldn’t believe what he had just witnessed. It was literally his dream come true - a cute boy, once his rival, now his crush, had just lost control of his bladder right in front of him, not to mention it was in a bike uniform, and on his bike, too - it was like the two worlds of Makishima’s life had collided into one incredible, dream-like scenario. Jinpachi was actually adorable - he looked like a sad puppy in his soaked clothes, and his shame just made him so much cuter!

“I-I, um,” Jinpachi struggled for words. He couldn’t believe this was happening. His confidence was shattered, leaking out just as his urine had. Cherry blossoms fluttered down from the trees above them, falling to the ground, some landing in his piss puddle. The smell wasn’t too strong, since the piss was so water-diluted, but it was still there. “I- I’m, um, I, I-”

Makishima walked over to Jinpachi and put a hand on his shoulder to calm him down. He was still incredibly awkward, but he had a feeling that touch would help bring him out of his stupor. “Hey, man, no need to have such a piss-poor attitude. Don’t worry - you’re not the only one who just wet themselves, although mine wasn’t quite with piss.”

Jinpachi looked at Makishima in the eyes, at his own little blush and his cheerful smile, and he chuckled, still blushing hard, but feeling a bit better. “Did this really turn you on that much? I never realized you were into such freaky things, spider.”

“I can get quite a lot freakier, believe it or not,” Makishima said, smirking. “Come on, we should get you cleaned up - you can come back to my place, it’s just nearby. I don’t think my parents are home, so it should be fine.”

Makishima walked back to his bike and hopped on it, strapping his helmet back on. Jinpachi looked in his direction, his heart still racing, and, without thinking, shouted, “Wait!”

Makishima looked back with a confused gaze as Jinpachi hopped off his bike and came over to him, leaving drops of piss on the street. “I- um, I know I’m not in the best condition for this, but… Look, I, I really like you, Makishima. Ever since I first saw you and we raced, you’ve been on my mind constantly, and I, well, I- I love you.” He struggled to get out the last words - he likely would’ve chickened out if he wasn’t still a little dizzy from the biking. “Um, do you feel the same?”

Makishima’s mouth opened in awe, then closed it, regaining his focus as he processed what he just heard. A warm smile spread across his face. “How’s this for an answer?” He took Jinpachi’s chin in his hand and pulled him close, kissing him right on the lips, just a small peck, closing his eyes and taking in the moment. Jinpachi tasted so sweet.

Jinpachi now opened his mouth in awe as he stared at Makishima. This couldn’t be real… could it!? “Wait, you, you really feel the same way?”

Makishima nodded, the same warm smile on his face. He displayed confidence and bravado on the outside, but on the inside, his heart was racing with joy. “Come on, let’s go back to my house and clean up. Maybe afterward we can… cuddle a bit, or something.”

Jinpachi nodded happily, smiling, bringing the puppy image back into Makashima’s mind as he ran over to his bike and hopped on. “Let’s go! I’ll race you, last one there is little spoon!”

Makashima buckled his helmet on and prepared to ride as Jinpachi did the same. “There’s the confidence I know you for!”

The two began to ride, disappearing into the darkness, spending that night together and soon forming a happy relationship together, one in which Makashima was able to explore his freakier side with a partner who was able to share his tastes. However, they still spoke closest when racing each other, and they continued to trade wins on different hills, always having a great time together. Their bond, forged in sweat and blood, would not be broken by a little distance during college - the two were truly happy.

