The long road to Motherhood

Author: knockonthedoor

*018*2022-04-28 03:08

A/N: Told you Chapter 4 would be here quicker! As always, there'll be a few questions at the end. Feedback is not only appreciated but encouraged! As this is right now the canonical end of this story, I'll have a personal review at the end. I would love your thoughts as well, as I have a few important questions.

Chapter 4

Comparatively, the rest of the trip was uneventful. Ashlynn had comfortably fallen into a nap, and Michelle focused on the road, though there wasn’t much to look at. She played the license plate game, looking for all the different states. Though with so few cars on the road, finding ones that were unique to the state they were in was enough of a challenge. She liked to wonder where everyone was headed. Would she ever get to meet them? Would they ever have the same struggles she experienced? As the thought crossed her mind, she looked over at Ashlynn, who was soundly sleeping.

It hadn’t taken much for her to get over her fear, and perhaps her obvious desperation was to credit, but Michelle felt proud. It was an odd thing to feel proud of, and yet she did. As Michelle continued to ponder, she figured her pride came in helping her daughter conquer her fear. It could have also stemmed from the fact that what they had done was private. Usually an act left for the shadows, instead, Michelle had opened herself to her daughter, and she hoped, helped her grow. In a way, they had both physically and metaphorically exposed themselves to each other, and that was enough for Michelle to consider the trip a success.

Michelle wondered if her accident had done the same. She certainly remembered Ashlynn’s tears. Her pleas for her mother to stop. And Michelle’s own effort as she felt her panties moistening. It was not an experience she wanted to relive. To be standing in public with hot pee rolling down her legs was not how she pictured herself connecting with her maturing daughter. As the memories came back in the quiet, Michelle was reminded to let her husband know. Sighing, she grabbed her phone and tapped out a text, occasionally looking back up at the road

Honey, I wet the bed again

It wasn’t something Michelle had wanted to type. But her body had forced her, and her husband had to know. She was sure he didn’t want that text either.

A few moments later, her phone buzzed back.

Oh no! You OK? Should probably let Dr. Leibermann know.

The rest of the trip was a success though. He’ll want to know that too. Love you!

Michelle put her phone back down and stretched in her seat. Downing the last bottle of water, she prepared for the final leg of their trip.

Ashlynn fluttered her eyes open. Her face was warm from a combination of both the sun and her hand. Her arm was numb, and she shook it out.

“We there yet?”

“Almost. We just crossed into Massachusetts. We’ll be there in about an hour or so.”

Ashlynn grumbled and rubbed her eyes

“Boy, this looks a little like Georgia, doesn’t it Ash?”

“Um. Not really mom.”

“You don’t think so? With all the farmland and trees? Except everything feels so narrow!”

“But the trees don’t have any of that hanging moss. And the stonewalls?”

“I guess. At least it’s a little unique I guess. But I thought the north had big cities?”

“Well sure, but not everywhere!” Ashlynn waited to pivot the conversation “How long was I asleep?”

Michelle shrugged. “I don’t know. Couple hours?”

Ashlynn nodded, trying to make small talk, but not necessarily interested in the conversation. She felt a dull ache in her bladder, a slight pressure against her genitals. She smiled, remembering her mother’s decisive lesson.

“You know, that was actually kind of fun.”

“What was?”

“I mean I really feel like I can do it now.”

“Oh!...You mean?”

“Uh-huh. You made it less…gross? Maybe more understandable.”

“I think its natural to not want to do that where others could see it, or you. I’m just here to show you how to do it and not get caught.” Michelle smiled

“Yeah…” Ashlynn smiled back. “Do…um…do you have to go again?”

“No. Why do you?”

“Kinda. But I was more hoping-“

“Don’t tell me you want to do that again?” Michelle’s voice rang of shock and disappointment

“Squatting in a bush with your mother isn’t supposed to be fun Ash. It’s just something that had to be done!”

“But at least it was something we shared. I feel like we don’t have anything in common!”

“Everyone pees dear.”

“Yeah but not everyone uses it to conquer a fear! I’m just trying to say that I enjoyed it.”

“You enjoy peeing outside?”

Michelle’s voice was low, she was worried that she had inadvertently uncovered something. First, her thoughts about her own desperation, now, her daughter. It was her turn to fear. Fear that Ashlynn might see this as the height of their bond

“No. I enjoy learning things from you. Its what I have with dad, and honestly, have hardly ever got from you. Until now.”

Her daughter more or less confirmed her fears with words. In a way, Michelle blamed herself.

“Look. I’m glad I taught you something honey but…I-um…I don’t have to go, so….Can you wait?”

“Fine. I know its strange to say mom, but I felt like we really shared something.”

Michelle wanted to agree. She had to agree. But she didn’t want this to be her path to her daughter. She had gotten Ashlynn to open up. But she wondered if it cost her a normal relationship. What was worse still was that Michelle wasn’t telling the whole truth. Their conversation had encouraged her dormant bladder, and their final stop would be one that she’d need to take. The question of whether or not Ashlynn would try to use Michelle’s need for another ‘experience’ plagued the 42 year-old woman’s mind.

###

As the farmland and stonewalls gave way to small towns and populated neighborhoods Michelle began to feel more and more of her urine press on her genitals. They were close to their final stop, which was just over twenty minutes from Ashlynn’s college. Still, she unconsciously began to shift her weight from one hip to the other. Squirming in her seat, she could feel the heat from her tightening muscles. While her need was certainly greater than when Ashlynn asked her last, Michelle did not feel worried about her filling bladder.

By the time Michelle took the car off of the highway, the ache of her bladder had become more acute. She figured it was her time to use the gas station bathroom. She let her daughter know of her intent as they pulled into the filling station.

“Honey, could you fill up the car? Mom’s gonna use the bathroom.”

“Oh…I was gonna go…”

“You can after me. I’ve been waiting for a little while.”

There was a pause as Michelle reached for the handle. Ashlynn grabbed her other wrist.

“Wait. Mom. I know its different. But there has to be another trick. Something that I should know before school.”

“Ash, please don’t ask what I think you’re asking.”

“I am. I’ve been thinking about what you said. About making friends. And…and liking to be around people. And I do, you’re right. If I’m going to be taking trips and doing all the things you did in school, shouldn’t I learn them now?”

“This isn’t right. We should have a regular-“

“Mom, nothing about this trip has been regular.” Ashlynn looked her mother dead in the eyes. The matching brown color of Mother and Daughter meeting. “Please? You said you wish you mother taught you some of this ‘girl stuff’. I don’t want to miss the opportunity.”

Michelle sighed. Her bladder was starting to bother her. She leaned forward, defeated by her own emotions as she sat back down.

“If I show you this, will you at least call us twice a month?”

Ashlynn nodded “I’ll probably call you every day if you want.”

Ashlynn offered her mother the one thing she was hoping for. The reason for the trip. A deal she couldn’t pass up.

“I can’t believe you talked me into this.” Michelle sighed again. “Alright dear. Get two large cups, ones with a wide top. We’ll wait until we get to school.”

Giddy, Ashlynn sprang out of her seat

“Love you Mom!” She called as she made her way into the convenience store

“Love you too baby.”

And that’s the only reason I’m doing this. Michelle thought to herself as she tried to quell her own intrigue.

Ashlynn counted down the minutes. They were back on the road, hurdling towards her new life. In the moment, she basked in the joy of her newfound experience with her mother. Internally, she understood the abnormality of their relationship, but in the end, it got her what she wanted. Ashlynn looked over. Smiling at her still driving Mother. This trip had been what she wanted. She spoke her mind, she got to be honest, and as a bonus, she even found a new skill. Her new life was waiting in front of her. And her teenage angst behind her. She loved her Dad. She loved her Mom. She couldn’t help but beam a glorious smile. She was starting to love her life.

Both Mother and Daughter were nursing a full bladder as they entered campus. Having arrived late due to their travel that day, most of the students were in the dorms or cafeteria. The campus was theirs, minus the cars tightly packed against each other. Carefully, Michelle navigated the sedan down a narrow path, which was normally small for one car. But with both sides of the street housing parked cars, it was a tight fit. Eventually, as they made their way past the dorms, the street opened to a parking lot. The lot was also packed, but not full. Navigating towards the back, Michelle turned the car around and backed into a free space near the back. Spots were free on either side, and both Michelle and Ashlynn had a good view of the walkway that surrounded the parking lot and led back to the dorms. Michelle took a deep breath and exhaled

“Ready?” She looked over at Ashlynn

Her daughter was bouncing in her seat, holding herself. Excitedly, she looked back at her mother

“Yes! Really ready!”

Michelle broke into a nervous laugh.

“I cannot believe you have me doing this.”

“Show me! What do I have to learn?”

“Alright…alright.” Michelle accepted her predicament verbally, yet not quite internally. “So this one is good if you can’t leave the car for whatever reason.” Michelle made a tiered motion with her hands. “Look to squat first. Especially with a friend. But if you have no other option.” She picked up the cup closest to her “These kinds of cups will be your best friend.”

“So always have trash laying around?” Ashlynn joked

“No, of course not!” Michelle laughed nervously again “But anything with a wide mouth. Can’t really aim like a guy can.”

Ashlynn nodded

“And you gotta be around friends you really trust.”

Michelle unbuttoned her jeans and pulled her zipper down. As she wiggled out of her jeans in her seat, she watched Ashlynn do the same instinctively. Both now sat, exposed with their panties and pants wrapped around their ankles. Michelle continued the lesson

“You don’t want to do this while you’re driving of course. But put the cup right about here.”

Michelle lowered the cup with experience. It was just inches away from her awaiting snatch, ready for her to relieve herself. She observed her daughter, who was attempting to emulate her mother.

“No, honey.” Michelle spoke with the gentleness of a correcting mother “scootch your butt up a little more. You’re going to get it all over the seat.”

Ashlynn followed her instruction, angling herself over the edge of her seat. She placed the cup right up against herself.

“Oh no, don’t do that baby. Here. Watch what Mama’s doing.”

Ashlynn peered at her bottomless mother and repositioned the cup to match. Once Michelle saw that her daughter had mirrored her movement, she gave her final instructions

“And make sure you have a good grip-“ A light tapping could be heard. Then a droning splatter as Michelle began to pee into her cup “Because it gets heavy when you pee.”

Soon the same tapping sound could be heard from the other side of the car. Ashlynn had started to fill her cup as well. The sound of urine smacking into the bottom of a cup was replaced with a loud hiss as both women emptied themselves into their respective cups. Michelle’s trimmed bush and experienced snatch outpaced her daughters shaven pussy as the cup began to feel heavy for both. Having drank energy drinks and soda, Ashlynn’s urine was a yellowish liquid that could be mistaken for nothing else, but Michelle had downed mostly water. As a consequence, a clear liquid poured out of her and into the awaiting cup. The car was filled with the auditory sound of both cups filling. It was as if both mother and daughter were pouring drinks for themselves as the liquid reached the top of each respective cup, the noise changing as the volume of each cup was filled with hot pee. Michelle sighed. She finished first.

“Ahh...finished. You good?”

“Just about!” Ashlynn pushed the last out. “What next?”

“Wait ‘till you catch everything.” Michelle pointed at Ashlynn’s dripping slit. “Then be careful and dump it.”

Reaching out of the car window, Michelle emptied her cup onto the ground. Placing it back in the cupholder, she pulled up her panties. A jolt of excitement ran through her as her wet labia connected with her panties. It dared her to give her panties more. Goosebumps. Her nipples hardening slightly, Michelle was taken by a wave of extasy as she pushed. Squeezing and contorting her nearly empty bladder, Michelle strained, attempting to extract more pleasure from her secret desire. That’s when she felt her panties warm slightly. She bit her lip. It was electric.

“Mom?”

Michelle snapped back to reality

“Oh! Um…what?”

“I’m done. Do, do you want this back?” Ashlynn held the empty cup in her hand.

“Uh…no. Just toss it.”

Ashlynn nodded

“You ok? You kind of spaced out there.”

“Yeah…yeah I’m fine Ash. You uh…learn something?”

Ashlynn smiled “Not everyone gets a lesson like that, but it’s a skill I’m glad I learned!”

Michelle smiled back “Well…it wasn’t quite what I was expecting. But you know what honey? I’m really glad you let me take you up here.”

“And I’m glad we got to talk. And I know, not everyone watches their mom pee her pants on a road trip. But that’ll sure be quite the story, right?”

“Ash, you better not tell any of your little friends about that!” Michelle giggled

Ashlynn joined her in a laugh and gave her mom a hug

“I’m just glad it wasn’t me this time!”

“This time?”

Ashlynn shrugged “Who knows what’ll happen when we get together again? And besides, you’re cool. You can pee your pants and I’ll still love you!”

Michelle laughed “Yeah, put that on a shirt!”

The two broke the embrace.

“I still don’t really want to leave, Mom.” Ashlynn’s voice was in a low tone

“Go Ash. This is your time. Where you become the woman you’ll be. It’s going to be fun, and I’m proud of you. I just wish I was there a little more along the way for you. But your dad and I love you very much.”

“Hey maybe we can hangout when I’m back in October?”

“I’d like that.”

As Ashlynn got her things out of the car, Michelle ran a hand over her crotch quickly. Her panties were slightly wet, damp from her excursion. She worried about what had gotten into her. Despite her attempts to bury it, she knew she’d have a long car ride back with just her conscious. She was wishful she’d be able to submerge her desires by the time she got home. Disappointed with herself for her intentionally damp panties, Michelle hoped her daughter had not had the same experience. As she watched Ashlynn take her things up to her dorm, she was unaware that her daughter had also pulled her panties over herself, and had dried into them. The same dampness was calling to Ashlynn. And given her age, she was much more exploratory.

A/N: Did the lack of desperation harm the quality of this story for you? Was the "teaching" angle a decent replacement? I am worried that this is a bit of a weak ending, but I'll explain more in my own thoughts below:

As I explained at the start, this is the reworked ending, and where the original idea finished. Michelle and Ashlynn's relationship is better, and Michelle wishes her daughter off to school. However, as I was writing, I expanded on the "might be into omo" aspect. This gave me an idea for an epilogue. Depending on feedback from you all, I may or may not use it to expand into a new series. So there will be one more, non-canonical chapter, that might become cannon, based on your earnest feedback.

As for the series as a whole, I can't help but feel like I could have done a better job. I usually like to mix up chapters, so its not just a ton of unintentional wetting, but at the same time, I feel like there just wasn't enough. Perhaps I should have added a duel wetting between the two, or have made Ashlynn have an accident in front of Michelle, but at the same time, I wanted to restrict the "original run" to 4 chapters. I also feel like I didn't add enough desperation to each section either, and perhaps both issues are connected. Compounding this is what I feel like is a lackluster chapter 4. No real desperation, a TON of insinuation and a mediocre description of Michelle and Ashlynn filling their cups next to each other. Overall, I like the story, and the dynamic between the two, but I can't help but feel like I made some mistakes in taking this to its full potential as a story.

*020*2022-04-28 18:23

{{53 minutes ago, orangelion said:

It wasn't as hot as an alternate ending could have been.

}}

I'm glad the ending at least fit the tone of the rest of the story, what do you would have been a hotter ending? More desperation or omo?

{{55 minutes ago, orangelion said:

I too think the reason that this story didn't reach it's full potential was due to it's length. We were getting to know two brand new characters in 4 chapters and that limits the amount of omo you can put into it. A way to get around it would be to make the chapters themselves longer, but I'm sure that you wanted to limit the length of each chapter.

I still think it's a good story and I enjoyed reading it.

}}

I feel like the limit to a chapter in an omo story should be around 5 or 6k words. Then it kind of drags imo. Right now, that's the biggest lesson I learned from "I think my boss needs to pee". So I have been trying to limit the length of each of these sections in that respect.

I'm glad you liked the story! Hopefully the non-cannon ending (as it stands now) will be a good read for you as well!

*022*2022-05-02 05:04

A/N: As of right now, this story is not cannon. While I'm calling it an epilogue, its only because I'm unsure of how this story effects the enjoyment of the other four chapters. Based on feedback from you, either through posts or likes, I may decide to make this cannon and continue a new series with these characters. As far as omo goes, there's a ton of it in this chapter and some good desperation. Let me know what you think! As always, feedback is not only appreciated but encouraged!

Epilogue

Michelle made the short trip from her bedroom to an alcove in the hallway. The laundry had been done for some time and she finally had a break from her work. Opening up the dryer, she plucked her pajamas from the top of the pile. Balling them into her hand, she smelled the crotch. The stench of pee filled her nostrils.

“Ugh.” Michelle was disgusted

Still holding her pajamas, she made her way to the kitchen. Her husband was enjoying his lunch. With interest, he watched his wife walk over to the kitchen trash, pajamas in hand.

“Hey, babe, aren’t those are your favorite?”

Michelle nodded “Yeah.” She looked at them, her face burning with embarrassment. “They…they smell like pee.”

“You can’t bleach them?” Her husband didn’t bat an eye

“I tried…I tried after…after last time.” Michelle’s voice broke a little “But after the other night…” Her voice trailed off

“Well. You’re going to see Doctor Leibermann this afternoon. Right?”

Michelle nodded as she flipped open the trash can.

“Wait! Dear, why don’t you keep those? We. We’re going to get through this. Ok?”

Michelle wanted to cry. She stood with her head down, staring at the open trash. Her husband walked over to her and gave her a loving embrace

“It’ll be alright. I’m sorry this happens to you, but I’m still here, right babe?”

Michelle nodded, falling into his chest as she turned around

“It’s just another obstacle. You’ll get through this. I promise. Just don’t. Don’t toss out things you love. We don’t need to change just because of this little thing.”

“It’s not little.” Michelle tried to push away

“I didn’t mean it like that. It’s important. But I just don’t want to see you down over it. I still love you. Ashlynn will be back next week, we’ll be a family again. And I don’t think either one of us want to see you worried over this. We wanna see you smile.”

Jeff smiled to accent his point. Michelle didn’t share in it. Instead she spoke curtly

“You want these? Fine!” She tossed them into his chest

Walking back to her home office in a huff, she called back

“I’m leaving for Dr. Liebermann’s in a half hour. Don’t bother me!” She slammed the door behind her

Jeff stood for a moment. Bewildered at his wife’s outburst. He thought of the only thing that could make it right

Michelle wasn’t working. She was sulking. Her face buried in her hands, she wondered if she’d ever get over her problem. Why it started, she had no idea. If it would stop, she had no idea. She just wanted comfort. She knew comfort would only come with knowing. Despite her plea for quiet, she heard a knock on the door.

“Michelle. I know I’m not a wordsmith, I didn’t mean to offend you honey. I uh…I made you something.”

Out of love for her husband, Michelle came to the door. She opened it slowly, her worry showing in her face. Her husband stood in the doorway, a steaming mug full of tea. Her favorite. Michelle couldn’t help but smile as he apologized

“I think I minimized your experience and made you feel in-uh…what’s the word?”

“Inadequate?”

“Yeah. And I didn’t mean to. I was just trying to help.”

Michelle’s smile broke into a full on grin “So you have been reading that psyche book Ash sent us!”

Jeff looked sheepishly at the ground “Well, I only understood about half of it…”

Michelle took the tea from him and began to sip. Jeff wasn’t done with his apology

“Did you…did you just want me to listen?”

Michelle nodded and took another sip. “I’d like a shoulder to cry on.”

“That’s why I’m here.”

Michelle took a huge gulp of tea.

“I’ve never had this happen before. I just…I don’t know why it keeps happening!”

Jeff wanted to respond, but thought better of it

“It never happened to me as a kid. And even when I had Ashlynn. Nothing. Why now?”

She repeated the phrase as she received another embrace from her husband

“I don’t want to keep doing this! I…I’ve ruined so much…”

“Like what?” Jeff’s only words

“Here” She motioned for Jeff to follow as they walked out of the room and down the small hallway to the master bedroom.

“I had to do the sheets again the other day. Look what I found.” Michelle pulled up the spare sheets, revealing the mattress “This is all because of me.”

A massive stain sat on Michelle’s side of the bed. It housed different colors and different spots from the age and number of times it had been created.

“I’d say we need a new mattress, but I’d end up ruining that one too!” Michelle reached for another hug as she covered the bed again

“Do you still just want me to listen?” Asked her husband

“I just want you to know how hard it is to keep waking up to this. I-I I can’t help it!”

They stood in the master bedroom, in each other’s arms for a while. Michelle didn’t want to cry, but her eyes were wet. Eventually she broke the embrace.

“I’ll be back in a few hours…I’m sorry I snapped at you dear.”

“It’s ok. I just hope we can understand it a little better soon.”

“Me too.”

With that, Michelle downed the rest of her tea and made her way out the door, but not before taking a water bottle from the fridge.

The first leg of her trip to Dr. Leibermann’s office was uneventful. Michelle cut through a few neighborhoods and local back roads in order to shorten the distance before she reached the main road. A two lane avenue, it connected the two towns efficiently. Every so often, she’d take a sip from her plastic water bottle, the cool drink combatting her insides that had been warmed from the tea. Together, they created a pleasant sensation that enticed Michelle to sip more and more water as she drove.

It wasn’t until she hit the construction traffic that Michelle felt the first hint of her filling bladder. She looked at her now empty water bottle That was a bad idea. Recognizing her mistake, Michelle told herself that she’d use the bathroom when she got to the office. It quelled her thoughts for a while, and she turned on the radio to distract herself.

Traffic would move for a while, then stop. A flagman controlled the vehicle movement and it gave Michelle some comfort that they were moving in a rhythmic manner. She tapped her fingers on the steering wheel, her painted nails clacking off of the device. As her tea and water continued to push into her bladder, Michelle countered using her womanly muscles. A dull ache, it remained until she passed though the construction work.

Michelle could already feel relief as she pulled into the parking lot. She had begun to massage her thighs when she could in an effort to calm herself, and was looking forward to easing herself. As she parked and climbed out of her car, she kept her legs together, the pressure countering her bladders demand. A short walk inside gave her some levity as she knew she was about to use the toilet.

A small family office, Michelle was greeted by the usual eight or nine chairs in the front closest to the windows, and a surprisingly empty front desk. Typically, Dr. Leibermann’s wife would attend to her, but she was no where to be found. As the soothing music and ambient sounds were played in her ears, Michelle walked by the empty desk and made her way down the open hallway. Standing at the only available bathroom was Dr. Libermann

“Oh, Michelle. Hi. Good to see you.” His usual gentle voice was curt. Concerned

“Hi Doctor. Is something wrong?”

“Yes. One of my…emotionally challenged clients…I believe they broke my wife’s nose…Kelly…dear, are you alright?”

Michelle could hear sniffles and tears through the thin walls.

“Do you need to go to the hospital?” The doctor was clearly worried, he turned back to Michelle “I’m very sorry Michelle.” He tried to smile, but his worry shown through, he didn’t notice Michelle bobbing in place, her desperation growing “Is it possible to do this another time?”

“Uh…I-“

“Mrs. Liebermann, why don’t we go to the urgent care up the road?”

Michelle turned. A thin, but younger woman quickly walked by her, an ice pack and bandage in hand. It was the other doctor, Doctor Snyder. She was newer, but took charge of the situation.

“Doctor, if you want to start your session, I can take Kelly.”

Without waiting for a response, the 30 year-old doctor walked into the bathroom and emerged with Dr. Leiberman’s wife. The sixty-something year old was holding her nose, clearly in pain. Though Dr. Snyder was thin, she helped support the larger woman, her olive skin contrasting with Kelly’s white. The two walked by the bobbing Michelle, who had nearly forgotten her need in the commotion. Dr. Leibermann looked at her.

“I’m open to doing our session Michelle, but you’ll understand if I’m not as attentive. If you wish to come back…“

Two forces controlled Michelle’s answer. She was sick of waking up to a wet bed. She was fearful of her body, and she felt for Dr. Lebermann. If anything, she thought, he could use someone to talk to in order to take his mind off of what had happened. Her maternal instincts kicked in

“No, no, I’d prefer if we had our session today. I feel like I need one.”

Dr. Leibermann nodded and led her into his office, just to the right of the bathroom. Before entering, Michelle took one last glance at the restroom door. I should have asked. But with all that… She put more stock in her social grace and decided to start her session.

Dr. Leibermann took his place in an easy chair on one side of the small room. Michelle took a seat on the large couch against the back wall. She crossed her legs as she sat, and felt some of the pressure in her bladder dissipate. A large rug covered much of the carpet, and two bookshelves held many assorted psychology and medicine books. A speaker played soothing natural sounds to give the entire room and academic, yet calming feel.

“So, Mrs. Williams. How have you been this week?”

“You mean the whole week, or just my…problem?” Michelle turned a little red at the admission

“The whole week.”

“Not bad. Jeff has had some time off recently before his next project. So I’ve enjoyed having him home. And Ashlynn comes in next week for fall break.”

“And how has she been?”

“Great! She thinks she’s going to make the dean’s list. And she kept up her promise. She calls nearly every week.”

Dr. Libermann nodded. Michelle shifted her weight, the pressure in her bladder forcing her. It nearly tickled as it pushed on her abdomen. Michelle was able to squeeze her crossed legs, more than enough to hold it.

“So your relationship has improved?”

“I’d say so, yes. We don’t talk about much. Nothing deep. Just the usual things.”

Dr. Leibermann scribbled something onto his notepad. Michelle looked for a clock but couldn’t find one. Though she still felt confident in her ability to wait, she was starting to feel uncomfortable. As if there was a weight bearing down on her snatch.

“She sounds cherry though, when she speaks to you?”

“Oh yes…doctor.” The first wave of desperation hit Michelle “She…always asks to speak with me.”

As Dr. Leibermann made another note, Michelle swallowed hard. She felt as though the sudden urge would never leave her. It began to work its way into her mind, demanding her attention. She clenched her womanly muscles again, and subtly put her hand against her womanhood. The pressure seemed to dissipate again, leaving her for the time being. She continued

“And Jeff will be gone on the first night, so I’m taking her to dinner after she flies in.”

“Is there any concern for you, that you may have another-“ Dr. Libermann searched for the right phrasing “…incident, when she comes home?”

“Do you think they’re related?” Michelle subtly began to rock back and forth

“Well, I’m not sure. How has that been?”

“It happened again the day before yesterday.”

“Was it complete, or could you wake up and run to the restroom?”

“It was…complete. The sheets, my pajamas…everything.”

“And you always sleep through these events?”

“Mostly. I have woken up sometimes but…”

Dr. Liebermann stayed quiet as he took notes. Michelle let her voice trail off as she handled her current desperation. Still attempting to remain subtle, she balled her hand into a fist and pressed it into her thigh, hoping the new sensation would distract her from the tightness of her full bladder. It did not. She could feel the heat from her genitals as she dug harder into her thigh. She looked for a clock again. Nothing. Her eyes darted about the room, hoping for some reference of how long the session had been. None could be found.

“Go on.” Dr. Leibermann prompted, Michelle’s response had taken too long

“Hmmm? I’m sorry, what was I saying?” Michelle’s desperation was starting to take hold of her mind

“I know this must be embarrassing for you. But it’s important to discuss. You were saying you occasionally awake during these episodes?”

“Yes.”

“And you’re able to stop urinating?”

“No…I…usually just…finish.” Michelle scootched her backside forward, her mature slit just over the side of the couch.

Using the a combination of her hand and her body, Michelle rhythmically dug her pussy into the edge of the couch. It sent pleasurable waves through her body. It felt as though she was masturbating and helped distract her from the undeniable urge to pee.

“You make no effort to reach the toilet?”

“No I…” just try to enjoy the warmth? Michelle wasn’t sure why she had no panic in those moments, why she always just lay there and continued to pee.

The thought of it relaxed her own hold, and she felt a rush of hot liquid run towards her opening. She clenched, tighter than before. Still dry. Moments later, another wave of desperation came over her, this one stronger than before. She felt a hot, burning sensation as she fought hard to counter the strong urge to pee. She dug her hand in harder, wincing as she put some pressure on her swollen abdomen.

“You continue to urinate? Are you conscious when you do so?” Dr. Liebermann looked concerned as he continued to take notes

“Y-yes…” Michelle was embarrassed, and growing desperate enough to ask for a bathroom break

“That may be your issue. Your brain no longer considerers it a moray or consequential to retain your urine. As a result, when your bladder fills during the night, you simply begin to void.”

The conversation wasn’t making it any easier for Michelle to hold it. She began to jitter in place, moving her feet and digging her free hand into the couch, trying to retain some form of dignity.

“And how does your husband react?” Dr. Liebermann continued, oblivious to the now fully desperate Michelle

“Um…considering…pretty good.”

“How so?”

“Well…he d-doesn-doesn’t get mad…or anything. He j-just wants me to be better. I-I don’t know h-how he does it.” Her desperation began cutting through her voice

“Why would he be mad?” Dr. Liebermann took her studder for embarrassment

“I’d be m-mad if I woke u-up an-and my wife peed on me…”

Dr. Liebermann nodded. Michelle finally began to voice her predicament

“Um…doctor? I hate to be rude but-“

Suddenly his phone rang, standing, he answered it, leaving Michelle to sit in her desperation. Her wiggling and jittering was no longer enough to contain the water and tea in her bladder which now angrily pushed against her belly. She exhaled, relieving some of the tension within her.

“I’m sorry Mrs. Williams, but my wife needs me to pick her up from the urgent care, may we end your session?”

Michelle nodded and stood. As she did, an indescribable weight pulled her torso down, and she gasped as a spirt of pee escaped into her panties. She recrossed her legs quickly as she bent forward, and act that doctor Leibermann should have seen, but his concern for his wife had left him little time to observe Michelle’s desperation. He gave one final observation, as he often did.

“I’m glad to hear Jeffrey has been able to take this…condition in stride. My recommendation is to stop urinating when you awake during one of these episodes. It may be making your condition worse, and in the meantime, have you gotten your sheets protected like we discussed last week?”

Michelle shook her head, her twitching muscles giving away her current desperation.

“I believe that would be for the best, until we have this problem solved.” He smiled

She weakly smiled back, another small leak escaping into her panties. As soon as Dr. Leibermann left the office, Michelle took a peak at her jeans. Still dry, but her panties were running out of fabric to absorb her leaking. Exhaling again, Michelle made her way out the door and turned to make it to the bathroom.

As she reached for the door, her arm was nearly taken off as Dr. Snyder dashed by her. Michelle barely caught a glimpse of her hand shoved into the front of her black pencil skirt as she cut in front of Michelle. She slammed the door behind her, leaving Michelle to cross her legs and grab at her crotch.

She heard the heels of Dr. Snyder click off the ground for a few paces, then a distinguishable, loud hiss erupted from the bathroom. It was clear, even over the ambient music. She heard the doctor complain over her hissing pee

“O-oh! That stupid construction!”

Michelle thought it was over. As she heard the doctor moaning and whining in the bathroom, she felt her own bladder release in sympathy. Another spurt, longer this time, moistened her panties. As she dug her fingers into her crotch, Michelle felt a small damp patch form on her jeans. A damp spot, no larger than a dime appeared on the crotch of her pants. As soon as she wrestled control of her bladder back from her body, Michelle dashed for the front door. If she stayed, she’d lose control.

Shuffling towards the door, Michelle continued to cup her privates. Given Dr. Liebermann’s absence, the lobby was empty, and she could conceal her desperation from any potential onlookers, but not herself. She bolted through the door, now more desperate than ever before. Tossing her purse into the passenger seat, Michelle quickly started the car and dashed off for home.

Michelle started driving with just one hand on the steering wheel and another jammed into her crotch. Needing just one foot for the pedals, her free leg also helped hold her now aching muff. Rather than just pressing against her pussy, her fingers were actively shoved against her labia, enough that Michelle could feel the heat of her snatch against her fingers. As she dug in, she pushed her moist panties against her clit unintentionally, sending a wave of pleasure that temporarily overrode her desperation. Driving well over the speed limit, Michelle took the back roads home, attempting to avoid the construction that had caused Dr. Snyder so much desperation.

Another wave of desperation. This the strongest yet. Unlike the others, Michelle didn’t feel a strong push against her genitals at first. Like a storm rolling over the hills, it began with a slow build of pressure. Then a shiver. It ran up her spine and tickled her already swollen abdomen. It attempted to coax more out of her. As Michelle countered in earnest, she squeezed harder. Not just with her bladder muscles, but her hand as well. Still, the her desperation soared, and pressed against her opening, forcing its way towards her already wet panties. Michelle sucked air through her teeth from the pain of holding on. She began to exhale rapidly, attempting to make the pain go away. She burned, a searing pain radiated from her pee-hole as she tried to keep it closed. Warmth. She leaked again.

“Ahhh!” She began to shake, her muscles as tight as they could get

She stopped it. Then it started again. The small patch on her jeans was growing, expanding to cover her most sensitive areas. Michelle finally regained control. It hurt, she leaned forward in pain. The waistband of her jeans dug into her aggravated abdomen. She felt bloated, slow. Undoing the button of her jeans was the only thing that stopped the dread of losing control, for now.

With her jeans unbuttoned, Michelle could see the top of her panties. A small discolored patch was visible. It called to her, begging her to just let go. Asking her if she wanted to see the stain grow. She denied herself. Michelle looked back out the window. She had passed the construction with her alternate route, and in her head, she knew she had roughly fifteen minutes to get home. She had little confidence in her ability to do so, but she had to try.

The cold hand of fear gripped Michelle’s heart. It was the only coolness in her body. Spanning the length of her like a web, it felt heavy in her head. A weightless feeling enraptured her arms. Her hand held the steering wheel, if only barely. Nearly every brain function was focused on preventing her bladder from relaxing. She took a breath in. Then out. Focusing on the basics, her will was the only thing keeping her semi-dry as the car sped along the back roads.

Michelle felt sweaty, clammy and moist, her strained muscles were starting to produce a sweat which she wiped from her brow. She jittered her knees, unable to keep still. The small reprieve she had gotten from opening her jeans was over. Her bladder swelled to fit the additional space quickly. The water and tea pushed again. Michelle grew tense as she was as stiff as a statue. Her knuckles white on the steering wheel. Her bladder felt like a rock, and she rubbed her free hand across the tense area, leaving her damp crotch exposed. It felt as though every muscle was active in a desperate struggle against herself.

Another cold shiver. Then a warm sensation in her panties. It was moist. Michelle looked down. The small patch was now expanding. She was peeing her pants. She squealed, squeezing herself again with her hand, flapping her legs desperately, she nearly drove onto someone’s lawn. Moaning, squeaking, and squealing, she managed to get herself under control. If only barely. The inseam of her jeans were now dark, a contrasting color that told the world that Michelle couldn’t control her bladder.

The rest of the trip was a blur. Roads, stop signs, other traffic. It was all irrelevant as Michelle sped down each neighborhood road. Finally, she reached her own. Her own driveway, and the ranch house built from bricks. It was non-descript, but it was hers.

Michelle opened her door. Standing, she felt lightheaded. Holding herself, she felt her bladder weigh her down like a stone in the ocean, it felt like she was carrying 100 pounds on her back, and her abdomen was tight, nearly pulling on her torso. A massive force rammed against her defenses.

“Ah! No! F-Ah! I can…Ah!”

Michelle grunted and groaned as two fat, wide stains streaking down her legs. As they moved, they darkened her jeans. The driveway below her began to show drops of excess urine as it fell off of the back of Michelle’s jeans. They stopped as Michelle used the last of her strength to hold on. She was wet down to her kneecaps. Unable to stand fully, she hinged her hips and held tightly onto her crotch, duck-walking to the front door. By some grace it was unlocked, and Michelle barged in.

Jeff was in the bedroom, and called to her

“Hey dear how was your session?”

“Oh my gosh, I need the restroom so bad!” Was her only reply as she darted into the only bathroom.

As Michelle nearly tripped through the door, she could finally see the toilet. Responding to the visual stimulus, her mind relaxed her hold. A warm trickling feeling began in her crotch. Her labia tickled and twinged as she felt a rush of hot pee fall out of her. Her already stained jeans darkened again as she rewet them, the same warm sensation running down her thighs. She could see her clear pee breaking though the soaking wet denim as she finally pulled her pants and panties down.

Michelle groaned as she hovered over the toilet. A loud hiss erupted through the bathroom as Michelle lowered herself to sit on the bowl. An uncontrollable spray of hot pee splattered the edge of the bowl, splashing into the water with a sound that nearly matched the verbose hissing of her desperately held pee. Michelle shuttered in ecstatic relief as she bent herself forward, then backwards against the back of the seat. She sighed a desperate sigh of relief.

She could have came with the emotional and ecstatic relief that over took her mind. Her legs were wet, and drips of clear urine had made their home on her thighs. She could feel the excess lines and rivulets of pee roll from her quivering pussy and drip off of her butt. The release of her desperately held pressure and the comforting spray from her snatch caused Michelle to close her eyes. She could feel her bladder deflate, normalcy returning to her body.

As she finally began to finish, Michelle took the time to inspect the damage. Her pee was still trickling out of her, wetting her messy pubic hairs as it did. Droplets covered her crotch, leaving her mound a dripping wet mess. She reached down to inspect her panties as her weakening stream arched back towards her pussy. They were sodden, warm and wet. As she began to feel them, an electric feeling overtook her. The heat from what she had done and the feeling of a near miss excited her. Her nipples hardened, and as Michelle sat dripping on the toilet, she began to massage her breasts.

As her fingers touched her labia, she could tell that she was moist. More than just from her near accident. But the cool touch of her painted nails brought her back to earth. She couldn’t deny that she was horny. Stepping out of her jeans and wet panties, she made her way out of the bathroom, bottomless. She looked to her left, towards the bedroom, it was empty. She looked right towards the kitchen, and she found her husband.

Her proposition was meant with excitement, and husband and wife enjoyed each other’s bodies. Still, Michelle couldn’t get rid of an itch in the back of her mind, despite her climax. She knew what it was, but perhaps she could cure it. In an attempt to satiate her desire, she again propositioned her husband twice over the next week. While she was more than satisfied both times, it still didn’t rid her body of her desire. As she lay awake the night before Ashlynn came back home, Michelle had to admit her own desire to herself. She wanted to pee her pants.

###

It didn’t take long for Michelle to make a plan. Jeff would be leaving for an overnight trip, and would miss Ashlynn coming home. Michelle would take her out to eat after her flight, and make sure to drink plenty at dinner. She’d tell Ashlynn that she needed to change, commit her act in the shower, then step out of the bathroom in her fresh pants. No one but her would know. It was the perfect plan, and Michelle fluttered with anticipation and excitement all day.

The trip to the airport was an easy one. Given that it was the middle of the week, evening traffic going towards the city wasn’t heavy. By the time Michelle had picked her daughter up, it wouldn’t be bad coming back. The wait for her daughter wasn’t too long, and she soon saw her child standing alone. Pulling the car up to the sweatshirt-clad Ashlynn, she helped toss her luggage into the trunk. Their conversation began as Ashlynn took the passenger seat

“So, Ash! You ready for a girls night?”

“Um…I’m kind of tired…” Ashlynn chuckled “If I say yes, will you let me drink?”

“Maybe a little at home. We’re only going to Uncle Moe’s.”

“Oh. Cool.”

“What? To cool for the Family Feed Bag?”

“No, of course not! Hey, are those the same jeans from the drive to school?” Ashlynn was referring to Michelle’s cutoffs, the ones she had an accident in on the first day

“Oh, yeah, I guess they are. Didn’t even notice!” Michelle lied, she had picked these out for a specific reason, she even had the same panties on.

“I’m just surprised you didn’t get rid of them. That’s what I’d have done!”

“Cleaning isn’t that hard, Ash. A little bleach and some elbow grease and you’re good.”

Ashlynn nodded, memories of the trip coming back to her.

“Remember when you taught me how to pee outside?”

“Yes dear, I remember. Why, have you had to use my lesson?”

“No. Not really.”

The conversation died for a few moments. Ashlynn continued

“But I had fun learning!”

“You made that very clear sweety.” Michelle laughed “But it’s not like you had a choice!”

“Yeah, I know. Just hope I don’t fall out of practice!” Ashlynn tried to couch her comment as a joke

“You’ll be fine.”

Michelle changed the topic of the conversation, her own plan in the back of her mind. Part of her worried about Ashlynn’s insistence on bringing up that event. She hoped it was just a quirk that would dissipate with the passage of time. Michelle had her own plan in her head, and it quickly took precedent in her mind again, her excitement building as they made their way to the restaurant.

Uncle Moe’s was a local restaurant. While it wasn’t spectacular, it was clean, friendly and good enough. Ashlynn got her usual order, the big salad, while Michelle got herself the fried catfish. It was a pleasant conversation she had with her daughter, who seemed to be over her anxiety around school. Michelle complemented her on her grades as she finished her first water. She ordered a second, intent on filling her bladder.

The catfish was salty, but at least cooked through. It took Michelle until she was halfway done with her second water to feel the effects of the first. She slowed down, enjoying the tingle of her bladder. Moreover, her anticipation mounted for her plans. Michelle was eager to execute.

As dinner was paid for, Michelle could help but feel the onset of a desperate bladder. She was starting to like it. Not that she loved it enough to be in real pain. She hypothesized that she was after the end result, not the mounting desperation. Still, she welcomed more and more of her urine pressing on her genitals. Knowing that she was not in any real danger, being a short distance from home, Michelle felt free to enjoy the weight within her. The thought of a desperate accident still embarrassed her, but she was ready to admit to herself that she was happy with one that she could control.

Michelle tightened her muscles as she and Ashlynn headed back out to her car. While her need was certainly greater than when she started her journey home, she was still deriding pleasure from her filling bladder. She rode the feeling all the way home, her excitement creating butterflies in her stomach.

She was eager, and led Ashlynn and her luggage up the steps. Her daughter was admiring the return home too much to notice Michelle’s subtle thigh movements. Michelle tingled. She was ready, almost there.

“New couch huh?” Ashlynn noted as she stepped inside the house

“Yeah, your father got it a few months ago. I think he likes it as much as his car.”

“I doubt that. You want me to put on a movie, mom?”

“Sure baby. Just let me change and I’ll be in there.”

This was it. This was Michelle’s plan. She felt nearly weightless as she grabbed her pajamas from the dryer. She had planted them there on purpose. The final stages of her plan were coming to fruition as her excitement and anticipation mounted. She heard Ashlynn playing with the TV. She knew her daughter would give her the time she needed, unaware of what Michelle was about to do.

Taking one last look in the mirror, Michelle studied her dry jeans. It would just be this once, and she could scratch the itch that had been festering for a week. She could return to her normal life once she did this. She could enjoy this for once.

Michelle shut the door, and stepped into the shower. She started to pee her pants. Looking down, se could feel a warm sensation spray into her panties. The water she had consumed at dinner was now jetting into her underwear. She did it willingly, watching intently as the crotch of her jeans darkened. The wetness blossomed over her crotch and began to run down her legs. The hot liquid spilled into her jeans as she continued her release. Biting down on right index finger, Michelle had to keep from calling out in pleasure.

The light denim was completely dark around her crotch, and a wide streak had formed and ran down the inseam of her right leg. Her heart began to race. She felt her butt cheeks start to soak in her pee and the back of her legs felt warm and wet as well. Clear urine splattered, smacked and splashed the porcelain shower-tub. It rushed for the drain and soon her bathroom was filled with the sound of her urine flowing into her shower pipes. Droplets formed at the cuffs of her jeans and a constant stream of them poured into her shoes.

Oh my goodness, I wish I found out about this sooner! Michelle loved it. The sticking warmth of her jeans, the hiss of her uncontested urine, and the forming puddle below. Michelle started to close her eyes when suddenly, the door opened with a bang.

“Hey Mom, before you get dre-“

Ashlynn stood in the doorway, her mouth agape. She gawked at the sight before her

“Oh my gosh. Ashlynn! I…I…I’m sorry!”

Michelle knew what she was doing. She knew it was taboo. She still had wanted it. Planed for it. But she didn’t plan for this. Her daughter, now an adult, was watching her wet her pants. She couldn’t tell her this was intentional. She could bear the thought of Ashlynn knowing her secret.

“Uh…uh…m-m-mama had too much at dinner, baby. Please! Stop watching me!”

Ashlynn still stood. Her mouth was drying from staying open. Her eyes darted to her mother’s jeans, then to the toilet, then back to her jeans as Michelle finished peeing. She started to studder

“Ash…don’t you knock?” Michelle sounded angry. She was scared

Ashlynn swallowed, processing what was in front of her.

“I-I’m sorry. I…I thought I could catch you before you changed…”

“I…I haven’t gotten to changing honey…”

Ashlynn’s eyes darted to Michelle’s sandals, which were over by the toilet. They told her all she needed to know

“Mom…did you just…” She swallowed again, trying to comprehend “Did you just…pee your pants on purpose?”

“N-no…no...I wouldn’t…” Michelle stammered

“Your shoes are there. You’re here. Mom. It doesn’t take a detective.”

“N-n-no…”

“And you were already in the bathroom, just be honest mom.”

“Ok! Fine! Yes! I peed my pants on purpose!” Michelle spat out “Now leave me alone!”

“Um…the password for streaming on the TV?”

Michelle hurriedly gave her the password and shooed her out of the bathroom. Disgusted, angry and upset with herself, she ripped her jeans off. Then she noticed her panties. Save for a small horizon on the front, her purple striped panties had grown dark, soaked through with her pee. Michelle hated that she liked it. She didn’t just like it. She loved it. Her clit burned with desire. And yet, she was caught. Ashlynn had figured it out. She had seen it. This ugly desire of hers had just cost her a relationship with her daughter that she had taken so much effort into resurrecting. For her own shellfish desires, she had ruined it.

She stayed in her wet panties for a while. It took a great will to force herself out of the bathroom. Now dry and dressed in her pajamas. Michelle wondered what her daughter would do.

Ashlynn had picked some show that Michelle had never seen before. But that didn’t matter. Characters, dialogue, it all bounced off her. Neither one uttered a word until Ashlynn broke the silence.

“Must have been warm.”

Michelle nodded. Silence again

“Did it feel good?”

“Hmm?” Michelle didn’t even look over

“Did it feel good?”

Michelle didn’t give a response.

“Mom, I want to talk about it. Please?”

“Fine. Yes. It felt good.”

“Good enough to do it again?”

“Ash, I don-“

“Because I want to try it.” Ashlynn was emphatic.

She might as well have stabbed Michelle in the heart. Michelle’s mouth dried out. She choaked on her own tongue for a moment.

“W-what?” This time she looked over

“Yeah. You said it feels good. I want to try it.”

Michelle nervously laughed she had to repeat her thoughts out loud to make sure she understood her daughter

“Y-you want to pee your pants.”

“Yes.” Ashlynn paused “With you.”

“No.” Michelle was surprised at her declaration. But it was her honest feelings

“Why not?” Ashlynn wasn’t backing down. “I had a lot of fun, you know learning those things from you. Why not this. I mean, its not like we share much else in common!”

“It’s not right. No.”

“Why isn’t it right?”

“It’s just not. Look, I shouldn’t have even been doing it.”

“But you were. So it can’t be that bad!”

“You know what?” Michelle sighed “Ash. Baby. You’re an adult now. So I’m going to say this. If this is something that you want to do for yourself, all I’ll ask is that you clean up after yourself and don’t ruin anything. Ok?”

Ashlynn shook her head “No. I want to try this with you.”

Michelle sighed “I can’t.”

Ashlynn waited, not taking her eyes off her mother. After a moment she made a move

“Fine. But I’ll tell Dad that I caught you.”

“Ash. Don’t be difficult.”

“I will!”

“Baby. Why are you doing this to me?”

“C’mon mom! Just once! And then I promise I’ll never ask again. Please?”

Michelle sighed. She put her head down. Out of all possible conversations, she didn’t expect this one. This was all her fault. She looked back up at her daughter.

“Fine. Once.” She held up her finger.

Ashlynn’s eyes lit up. She clapped her hands gently, hardly making a sound as she squealed “Eee! This’ll be fun! Do you have to pee now?”

“Not really. No.”

Ashlynn got up from the couch and filled a water glass from the kitchen. She handed it to Michelle who quickly drank the whole thing. Let’s get this over with. She thought

###

After another episode of whatever show they were watching, Michelle turned to Ashlynn

“Alright. Mama’s gotta pee.”

Ashlynn’s eyes lit up again

“Right now?”

Michelle nodded and rose. Ashlynn followed her to the bathroom like a new puppy, nipping at her heels.

“So is there any trick to this one, mom?”

Michelle didn’t respond as she climbed into the shower-tub. This time with Ashlynn in tow.

“Mom?”

“No.”

Ashlynn was grinning ear to ear. Her grey sweats swooshing as she excitedly bounced up and down on the balls of her feet.

“So do we just go, or…?”

“You lead.” Michelle’s voice displayed her discomfort.

“I’m going to do it!” Ashlynn said more to herself. Michelle didn’t respond

Ashlynn widened her stance. She closed her eyes. It still wasn’t easy. She pushed. She relaxed. Nothing. Ashlynn relaxed deeply. Nothing still. She followed it up with a push. Something. A rush towards her pussy, it felt like an ocean rushing to the shore. But no wetness. She relaxed again. It was close, so close. She could do it. Then, maybe just a trickle. She could swear she felt a touch of dampness in her panties. She felt. Nothing, she was dry. Ashlynn opened her eyes and looked at her mother

“I can do this.”

“You really don’t have to.”

“I will!”

She pushed and relaxed while they stood, but still nothing came out. Ashlynn had to go, but still. Nothing. She tried pushing harder She held it. It was against her will.

“Ash…maybe another ti-“

Ashlynn gasped. Her mouth opened. She looked down. There was nothing, but she could feel it in her panties. She felt it tickle her labia.

“Mom! Mom! Mom! Check! Am I really doing it?”

Michelle begrudgingly looked down. A small wet spot had developed on her daughter’s light grey sweats. It slowly grew in size

“Yeah. You’re going.”

Ashlynn squealed in excitement “You go too!”

Michelle watched for a moment as a streak of pee formed from the growing patch and ran down Ashlynn’s leg. Slowly, it made it’s way towards her ankles. Another prong developed and made its way down her other leg. The two slowly moving lines occasionally breached the fabric of Ashlynn’s sweats, dripping onto the shower floor. A small yellow puddle was starting to form as Ashlynn crotch continued to glisten

“Mom c’mon!”

Michelle sighed “A deals a deal…”

A hissing sound broke out as Michelle peed her pants for the second time that night. Unlike her daughters slowly moving piss, Michelle’s rapidly descended, pouring out over her thighs and running onto the tub floor, splattering onto the ground and forming a much larger puddle. Her light blue pajama bottoms darkened to a nearly black color. The fast moving streams of hot pee warmed her again and Michelle could not deny the pleasant feeling of it all. She heard Ashlynn gasp

“Wow! Mom! You had to pee, huh?”

“I don’t know about that-“

“Turn around!” Ashlynn asked with her hand on Michelle’s wrist. Her Mother complied, still peeing

“It’s like really big!” Michelle could feel the massive spot on her backside as Ashlynn watched in amazement “Why wasn’t mine like that?”

Ashlynn turned around, lifting her legs as Michelle finished peeing. After investigating her own streaks of wetness she began to feel Michelle’s, tracing it with a finger

“Like its all down the back of your legs and even right here, it like wraps around. Mom, there has to be a trick you’re not telling me!”

“No Ash, honest, I have no idea.”

“Maybe it’ll come to you. Can we try again?”

“No. You said once.”

Ashlynn pouted “C’mon mom! This was fun! I really want to do this again. Please?”

“Ashlynn. I don’t think-“

“Maybe not right away, but please?” Ashlynn made a begging motion with her hands

Michelle looked down. Then back at her daughter. Ashlynn begged again

“Besides, its not fair that you got this really big one, and I only got this.” Ashlynn showed her thinner stains again

“Maybe. Ok Ash? I’m still not comfortable with this.”

Ashlynn excitedly bobbed up and down.

“Eeee! It’ll be fun!”

Hopping out of the shower Ashlynn smiled

“I finally got something fun to do with mom!”

Michelle didn’t respond. She gingerly stepped out of her stained pajama’s as they tried to stick to her. She felt sick, unsure of what kind of metaphorical box she had just opened. Whatever it was, her relationship with Ashlynn would never be the same.

A/N: So what do you think? Does this ruin the characters by taking them to an unrealistic relationship? Does it undermine the theme or idea of the original 4 chapters? Would love to know your thoughts either way. Also, as an aside, do you think Dr. Snyder made it when she cut Michelle off for the bathroom, or did she pee her panties? Would be fun to know your idea on that as well.
