I Think my Boss Needs to Pee - Page 6

Author: knockonthedoor

*131*2022-01-02 18:09

{{23 hours ago, orangelion said:

I think Nia's wetting was great and worth the wait. I like that Karenna caught on and was the catalyst. Below are some ideas for games.

Since they like to wet their clothing, how about reverse strip poker? Everyone is desperate and if someone wins a round then get get to put an article of clothing on and when they get fully clothed they get to wet themselves. I'm sure Karenna would love to see Nia and Mary-Ann naked.

How about a hiking race? Whoever can make it to the destination still dry wins? Or if you want to involve punishment, then if someone can't hold it to the end then they strip and pee without wetting their clothes.

Maybe a game of Twister

Yoga and see who can hold out the longest

A truth game where if someone doesn't want to tell a truth then they drink water or Never Have I Ever

A dare game where someone challenges another to do something that would make it harder to hold and if they refuse then they have to drink water.

}}

{{22 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

How about a scavenger hunt where the person can only relieve themselves in a designated spot but they have to look for clues to find out where that designated spot is?

}}

{{11 hours ago, Infinity_Hold said:

It seems that Nia is more into holding/desperation (which I like), so I can see her come up with a holding contest, possibly with some variation of games as suggested by orangelion.

Maybe also, who can hold the most by peeing in a measuring container. Would be interesting to know, what their bladder capacities are.

More interesting to Karenna maybe, would be a competition on who can visibly wet themselves the fastest after having completely emptied their bladders before. (Possible Rules: no external pressing on the bladder; no drinking within 1 hour before the competition) Would be interesting how much the times will differ between that and a holding competition (without excessive drinking), to see what the time range between two pees is for the characters.

}}

Well, now I’ve got a problem…I love all of these ideas. I’m not just saying that, I’ve already started writing. My favorites were the scavenger hunt proposed by @LifeIsStrange, the hiking race, reverse strip poker and dare game that @orangelion suggested, and the question of who can hold the most by @Infinity_Hold

.

I have two of my own ideas that I’m going to toss in as well, so I’m going to put these in as different set pieces over the rest of the girls trip. I want to chronicle each day of the trip, so we’ve still got 3 days to go. There’s also going to be one chapter that chronicles a day of Cassie and Anna handling the day to day business of the office. So even if your idea isn’t in the next chapter, it may have just been moved to one of the other two

*133*2022-01-02 22:48

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

Since you are going to be writing a chapter with Anna I'd like to propose some situations for her.

She suddenly gets the urge when she is speaking to someone at the front desk and the conversation takes a while. After Anna is done with the conversation, she goes to the toilet only to find it occupied by Cassie.

You've already done this before, but she could get the urge while stuck in a car on the way back home.

She has gets desperate while the toilet is being repaired or cleaned by the janitor and she can't leave the office because Cassie is on lunch and she is the only one there.

}}

You’re on fire with these great suggestions! I think I’m going to use the first one for the Cassie and Anna section, and move what I originally had in mind to chapter 6 or 7. The other two I’m going to keep and put in another interlude or chapter. Don’t know which one yet. I’ll be sure to give you credit in the author notes though!

*134*2022-01-14 18:36

A/N: Wow! What a chapter! This one took forever to write, but man, is it worth it! We have something for everyone. Desperation, intentional wetting, accidental wetting, peeing, peeing into a container, its all here! And one special wetting to end the section. We aren't quite done with the games between the trio, there are still a few I want to include. The games featured in this section, along with the ones I came up with were suggested by @Infinity_Hold and @orangelion

. Great work on the suggestions too! I loved them! As usual, questions at the bottom, and feedback is not only encouraged but appreciated!

Chapter 5.5: Nia the Ringmaster

Ugh, who sets an alarm for this? You would, and you know you’d never use the toilet again if you could. Karenna stood and stretched, her bare feet touching the carpet below her. If it was allowed or right, Karenna would have pissed herself right now. Through her panties and onto the carpet while she took in the wonderful morning view. Not today, not any day she was here. She wouldn’t do such a thing to Nia without permission. She and Mary-Ann had gotten Nia on board with their little game in any case, and that was enough of a win for Karenna. Yawning, she got dressed, wondering why Nia had asked her to get up as early as she did.

Mary-Ann watched from her barstool as Nia wondered around the kitchen, grabbing various meal prepping items. A knife here, a bowl there. Even a bundle of celery made the cut. The two women downed waters as they talked.

“What game did you come up with? I’m super excited!” Mary-Ann had gotten a text from Nia the night before

“You’ll find out when Kar does. But I do have one in mind that I want to play with you. Just between us.”

Mary-Ann raised her eyebrows, intrigued. She let Nia continue

“I got the idea between us when you started lying to me yesterday-“

“That wasn’t a lie, I was just putting a little twist on it. It’s one of my favorites!”

“Sure, call it what you want, but I was thinking it’d be fun to have a contest between us. We have to hide what we did from each other, and if we get caught, you call it out. It doesn’t count unless you call it out though.”

“So I have to hide my wet pants from you, and if you catch me, you have to call me out?”

“That’s right. If I have to tell you what I did, it’s a point for me.”

“Best two days out of three?” Mary-Ann took another sip of water “What does the winner get?”

“Loser has to take on a dare. I’m sure we can come up with good ones.”

“Starts today?”

Before Nia could respond, Karenna shuffled her tired feet into the kitchen. She asked

“What starts today?”

“I’ve got a game planned Kar. Thanks for getting up on time sleepyhead.”

Karenna looked around groggily. She rubbed her eyes “What’s for breakfast?”

“Got something special for us, Mary-Ann, will you take this and Kar, can you grab this?” Nia handed both girls an assortment of silverware, plates, and condiments. Nia grabbed the ingredients and instructed Karenna to lead the group outside. Hanging back to finish her conversation with Mary-Ann, Nia spoke

“Starts right after our little group activity. I can’t wait to win.”

Mary-Ann smiled back, a friendly, yet competitive fire in her eyes “You’re on, I’ve still got to think of a good dare. But I’ll get you!”

Nia instructed Karenna to take her share of the cooking items and drop them off at the grill, and Mary-Ann followed her. When the two had left, Nia turned and locked the front door with her key. She hid it before joining her friends at the outdoor grill.

Situated near the dock, the outdoor grill appeared to be worth six figures on Its own. With a small retaining wall far to the left, and closest to the shed, whoever was using the grill and its accessories had relative privacy. To the north there was an expensive view of the lake. The entire area was wrapped by a small foot path that led to the double doors near Karenna’s bedroom. The granite table top in the center was imposing. With outdoor barstools around each corner, it could comfortably sit six people. Mary-Ann and Karenna put each of their items that Nia had asked them to bring down near the grill. There are plenty of drinks, ranging from Karenna’s favorite, orange juice, to Mary-Ann’s particular penchant for water.

“I suppose we should start on these?” Karenna pointed to the assorted drinks

Before Mary-Ann could respond, Nia walked up behind the two.

“I was hoping you would. Anyone for a glass of wine?”

“It’s 8:30 in the morning!” Mary-Ann was surprised

“Yeah but this is classy. Besides, wine goes well with fish.”

“Ooh! What a treat!” Karenna was excited. Nia was quite the cook

Mary-Ann was less excited about the prospect of eating fish, but still willing to try it. Her initial worry when it came to eating fish so early in the morning was dashed when Nia began adding it to a mixture of eggs, spices and various sauces. Mary-Ann watched Karenna try to stay awake and sip on her orange juice.

“Got any coffee for Kar?”

Nia looked back, smoke covering her face as the fish cooked. She smiled and handed her friend a cup. Karenna took a sip and said with a smile

“This stuff always makes me have to pee.”

“Bathrooms up there.” Nia pointed to Karenna’s bedroom doors.

Karenna knew her friend was trying to tell her something. And she had an idea of what it was. Faking innocence, she wandered up to the doors outside her bedroom. They were locked. Karenna smiled at the predicament. She turned back towards her friends, who were just a shout away.

“Hey Nia, the door’s locked, I kinda got to pee, could you unlock it?”

“You can hold it. C’mon, I just made this great breakfast for you.”

Karenna looked at the double doors again. It was a dream come true, to have her best friend playing these games with her. Never in her wildest dreams did she ever expect Nia to actually embrace what they were doing, but she wasn’t about to protest. She sat down with her boss and her friend and asked

“So where is the key?”

“I lost it.” Nia took a sip of wine “Guess we’ll have to look for it.”

“We’ll have to find it fast, I’ve got to go too!” Mary-Ann added

“Why don’t we make it interesting? First one to make it inside gets to decide the next game.” Nia was confident that it’d be her

“I know one!” Karenna spoke up. She did have to go, but it was just comfortably sitting in her bladder as she chewed

“There’s no way you’re winning girl.” Nia was competitive

“You don’t know how much I can hold!”

“Not more than me!”

Mary-Ann would have said something, but the spice of the fish and veggie omelet was rocking her mouth. She had already downed one glass of water and was well on her way to finishing another.

“I know I’ll beat Mary-Ann though, careful boss, or you’ll drown.”

“Neither of you find this spicy?”

Nia and Karenna laughed. Nia took another sip of wine. “I put a little extra on. No reason.”

Mary-Ann liked the meal, but it was nearly too much, her belly was filled with nearly as much water as it was food, and she felt slightly bloated. Nia was taking her time, handling the spice and the wine in equal measure. The dash of extra salt she had added on purpose gave her an excuse to increase her own water intake as well. Karenna had her orange juice and coffee.

By the time each plate had been cleared, Mary-Ann could already feel the excess water in her system. It had cooled her down signifyingly and her bladder was starting to make its presence known.

“Can we start looking for that key? Soon?”

“No! Let’s make you wait.” Karenna said devilishly

“You know what, you go ahead Mary-Ann, I’ll keep Kar here.” Nia threw it back at her friend

“No! Don’t make we wait! See, I got to pee too!” Karenna spread her legs, and looked Nia in the eyes as she darkened the crotch of her red leggings

The baseball sized patch stopped as Karenna held back on, wrestling control of herself back from the forces of her own bladder. Nia’s hands gripped her thighs and held them back open, Karenna loved the move by her friend

“Oh no you don’t! You wait until I say you can go.”

“Girl, I’m going to get you back for this.” Karenna squirmed

“No way, I can hold my piss.”

“Not what happened yesterday!”

Karenna didn’t really care about the game, but the fact that Nia was forcing her to hold the way she was excited her. She bit her lip. The little show she put on with her leggings was trying to entice the rest of the contents of her bladder to empty. Karenna wasn’t quite ready. She had to a least try and play.

What had started as a tightness in her bladder had become a weight. Mary-Ann hadn’t been this desperate in a while. It was a nice deviation from the constant wetting that she had become accustomed to on this trip. As she stood and looked for they key somewhere in the massive property, Mary-Ann reflected back on the events that had pushed her and Karenna into their special relationship. Her own interest in wetting was still there, but as she reflected and pee danced in the driveway, she couldn’t help but feel her interest in holding it and actually making it was slowly being ignored. Sure she would hold it for her Monday meetings and during her land-lording duties, that was fun, but when did she ever play like this and make it? At least Nia was giving her that option, so long as her sleuthing abilities could save her. As she held her jean skirt to her crotch, she wasn’t positive that they would.

“Okay Nia, if you don’t let me go, I won’t even be able to start.”

Karenna didn’t care which way this went, she won either way. Nia relinquished her grasp of Karenna’s legs and the smaller woman got up from her barstool.

Nia watched Karenna get up and waited while her friend started back towards the direction of the dock. The wine had hit her as she knew it would, and as it had mixed with her morning pee, she could really feel it. Standing up more slowly, she hoped that her movements wouldn’t give her predicament away. Karenna said that she’d get her back, and Nia was positive that Karenna would follow through.

Karenna couldn’t find anything near the dock, nor around the back area near the grill, Nia couldn’t have hid the key there. She was comfortably full, enough to have fun if she let go, but she had only been looking for a few minutes. She owed Nia a little more. The wet spot on her leggings had cooled and served as a reminder that she still had more within her. It was almost soothing. She still wanted more. Her friends could see her wet spot, and they would say nice things. Or they’d lie and pretend to laugh at her. That could only be a substitute for so long. Her mind raced as she haphazardly looked around for the key. A stranger could react so much better to her partial wetting. Or a full wetting. She had to have one, another public wetting. She needed it. It would calm her, bring her peace. She made her way to the pee dancing Mary-Ann.

“Nice dancing skills you’ve got there, boss.”

“Have you found the key? I’m actually trying to win.”

“It’s not down by the dock or over by the grill. What do we win anyway?”

Mary-Ann shrugged “Not wetting your pants?”

“Seems like a lame reward to me.”

“Can you at least play along? I am trying to make it.”

Karana took a forlorn look at the driveway that led up the hill. She had a particular itch and one that she knew Mary-Ann wouldn’t let her scratch. Still, out of her feelings for her boss she sighed and looked for the glint of the silver key.

Nia stood near the grill and tapped her fingers along the wall of the outdoor set. She could hear the waves of the week lapping against the shore and the dock behind her. She had hoped that the two of them could find it, even if she had to admit to herself how much she liked the feeling of holding it, the thought of making it and winning this little game was enticing. She started to walk around the small foot path and up towards the driveway where Mary-Ann and Karenna were.

“I don’t think I’ve ever seen you like this Mary-Ann. Did you have enough water?”

“It was really good, but the spice!”

“That’s what makes it so good.”

“Can you give me a hint?”

“You’re pretty warm. Mpfh. I shouldn’t have said that.”

Mary-Ann looked down and saw Nia’s leg subtly grinding into the grass below her. She was great at hiding it.

It was beginning to get to the point where if she removed her hand she may not win this little game. She hadn’t considered that she wasn’t the only one who was actually trying to win. She knew Karana probably would just go, but Nia was the same competitor that she was.

“Hey, is this it?” Karenna pointed towards the path that Nia and Mary-Ann typically walked down.

As she watched her boss and her best friend walk over to where she was pointing she felt a surge of urine rush to her opening. She didn’t fight it. She didn’t push either.

Mary-Ann felt a similar rush as she bent over to examine the area that Karenna was pointing at but she clenched herself tight and pointed her toes towards each other. Her sneakers made the movement obvious but she held on. The panties under her jean skirt remained dry.

“That bad already?”

“I’m not kidding Nia. I want to win, but you gave me to much water.”

“I didn’t give you anything” Nia said with a knowing smile.

She swayed her hips in mounting desperation, and looked towards Karenna.

“Oh. Hey I think Karenna’s starting to lose!”

Mary-Ann looked towards her friend. Her deep red leggings had turned even darker shade of violet down her size and a little bit of liquid could be seen moving down towards the ground. Karenna was clearly enjoying her own game.

“Having fun Kar?”

“I’d do this all the time if I could!”

Nia spoke in a low tone to Mary-Ann.

“Is she serious?”

Mary-Ann nodded

“And you?” Nia asked

“Eh, sometimes I want to make it.”

“You and me both. But this is fun!”

“So long as I can actually find this thing, c’mon Nia, give me a hint or I’m next!”

“Hmm….” Nia waited “nah, your close enough.”

Mary-Ann groaned as she bent over again. It was starting to hurt and push against her muscles and yet she still tightened them. She heard footsteps approaching, and by the squish and the slap of wet fabric, she knew it was Karenna.

“Girl, you lost hard, you weren’t even close.”

“I feel better though. And besides” a loud hiss erupted from Karenna. It was brief. “ahhh”

Nia watched as the already inundated fabric was washed over by more hot urine. Small droplets fell from Karenna’s butt as her friend finished her sentence

“I had fun.”

Nia didn’t respond as she studied what her friend had done. It was still so alien to her to enjoy the feeling, especially to the point of losing a competitive challenge. Hoping Mary-Ann would hurry, Nia started to bounce her knees. Wine was her diuretic and every second that she had to wait for that key to be found added another pound of pressure to her filling bladder. But this was the competition. The same fire that drove her to the apex of her sport, pushing through pain, brought her some pleasure now. Another spasm had her rubbing her bouncing thighs.

“Oh, so the stoic athlete does need to pee. You know you want to join me Nia.”

“No Kar, I happen to like holding on. Mary-Ann’ll find the key. She’s close, then I’ll pee like normal. That’s my kind of fun. My game.”

“Oooo! Speaking of game, what if you had to go this bad during an actual game?”

“It probably happens ten times a year. No joke.” Nia started holding herself

Karenna gasped, the imagery popping into her mind’s eye “Nia! What if…what if you were in the middle of a big game…and in front of all those people. The crowds. What if they all watched you while you started peeing your pants right there on the court?”

The thought should have been revolting to Nia. It should have disgusted her. But a small tinge- a shot of electricity activated in a part of her mind that she didn’t know was dormant. What if? No-no you’re doing this for Kar, not you. You’ll be normal again once they leave. The idea of having people watch her didn’t leave. Nia broke the silence with a weak response

“No…c’mon Kar. I-I could hold it.”

Karenna delighted in the silence. Would Nia like to wet in public too? She pressed

“Maybe if you were in a long line. And you have to go as bad as you do now, and others are watching you as you pounded on the door. Girl, you know want to try it.”

“K-kar please. N-no I don’t.”

Nia had never heard this from her friend. The shy Karenna she had grown up with was long gone, she knew that. But this serpentine voice was different. Karenna spoke of desire, and plainly so. The bushes rustled, and Mary-Ann stepped out, saving Nia from denying herself again.

“This is impossible!”

“Giving up?”

“No. But, help?”

“Sorry, Nia can’t she was just telling me about how badly she wants to do this in public.”

“Kar! I was not!”

“S-s-stop projecting Kar…Nia, help?”

“You’re standing right in front ah-“ Nia felt a spasm. She was determined to win. She held it “…of it. By the water.”

Mary-Ann hobbled over towards the sticks and muck of the shore. Karenna worked on Nia some more

“Just let go- and pretend everyone is watching. Judging. Taking pictures.”

“Kar! Stop.” Nia said firmly

Karenna obliged. But she still had a goal in mind. She just had to wear down her friend.

“Got it!” Mary-Ann popped up, her hand covered in mud

“I’ll take that!” Nia plucked the key from Mary-Ann’s hand

As she turned around, Karenna stood with a wide grin.

“Kar, no. Mary-Ann found the key, I have it. We’re going to go like civilized humans.”

“Not if I win my game.”

“What game?”

“Squeeze the pee out of Nia!”

“N-n-no- Kar…”

The smaller woman in pee coated leggings ran towards her tall friend. Mary-Ann held herself as she watched.

Karenna may have had a height disadvantage, but she used her small frame to wrap around Nia’s swollen abdomen. Like a spider, she found herself wedged between Nia’s legs.

“Kar! No!” Nia tried to speak between laughs.

She tried pulling her friend off of her but the pressure of holding it and laughing sapped enough of her upper body strength that Karenna was impossible to force off of her. Her friend went in for the kill shot.

Karenna slapped Nia’s bladder. With her torso right up against the crotch of her friends jeans, Karenna could feel the heat of Nia’s pussy. She smacked again, harder. A new sensation. Warm fabric

“Uh! Nia’s peeing!”

“No! Get off me and I can…”

Karenna interrupted. The words coming out of her were not her own but the words of some seductress puppeting her mouth and molding her words. She spoke softly to Nia.

“You’re there. In line. Pounding desperately at the door. It’s already started. You’ve lost. You’re peeing your jeans for everyone to see.”

Nia tried to resist, she tried to deny that small fire that had started in the back of her mind. But her womanhood tingled with excitement. She was there. As her urine easily flowed out of her hairy muff and into her jeans, she put herself there. In front of all those nameless faces. The hiss that accompanied her strong stream was an audible one, the fantasy of doing so for an audience made her second time wetting herself that much easier.

Karenna could see it in Nia’s eyes. She looked off in the distance and Karenna knew her messaging had gotten through. That she and Nia shared something that Karenna herself had just discovered. That their friendship could grow even in this act. Her shirt started to dampen and absorb Nia’s excess pee from her jeans.

“Well, my work is done, let me just get out of here-“

“Oh no you don’t” Nia grabbed Karenna by the shoulders, dropping the key. “You made me go, you’ll stay for the whole thing.”

“You’re getting pee on my shirt!”

“Is that my problem?”

Karenna stopped squirming and let Nia go on and over her. Nia slipped back into her fantasy. She had moved past the locked door scenario that Karenna had suggested and onto one of her own. The press conference. It had happened before. She’d be desperate after a game, but as the captain, she had questions to answer. Before she’d grin and bear it, but in her mind now, she wasn’t able to hold it. She hated the mundane questions anyway, maybe this would give them a real story. She fully relaxed into it, letting Karenna drop with a thud into her puddle as the rest of her urine ran out over her shoes and onto the ground.

Mary-Ann hobbled over to the now wet Nia and Karenna and grabbed the key for herself.

“Now I’m going to go like a civilized human.”

Nia looked down at Karenna, who looked back at her. The two looked at Mary-Ann, then back at each other. A smile on both their faces.

“I shouldn’t have said that…”

Nia used her long arms to grab Mary-Ann’s wrists, and Karenna rolled forward, grabbing her ankles with her hands. She was now fully soaking in Nia’s puddle.

“I’ve got her!” She called to Nia

“You know, Karenna keeps doing this to me. I wonder if-“

“Don’t touch my…” A loud but dull pattering could quickly be heard underneath Mary-Ann “bladder.”

“Don’t tell me I scared you.”

“No! I already was leaking while you were going, and while I was talking I was spirting and…and…I really had to go. This-this is kind of an accident.”

Karenna spit and sputtered, the splashing flow from her boss’s urine was smacking the ground hard enough to splatter her. It got on her face and some bounced into her hair.

“You can let go of my legs Kar. I’m not going anywhere.”

“I think she wants you to pee on her!”

“No-no I don’t!”

Karenna rolled up to stand, catching a glimpse of Mary-Ann’s panties under her skirt. They were heavily distended, unable to cope with the copious amount of liquid that was pouring out of her full bladder. She stood, her shirt wet with her boss’s and her friends pee. She took it off and rung it out, showing her black bra to the world. Mary-Ann spoke as her bladder finally started emptying

“So what do we get for losing?”

“Are you done?”

“Almost. I needed that.”

“Right, well, can you walk and pee?”

Mary-Ann smiled and let Nia lead the group as Mary-Ann finished peeing her panties.

Nia led them back to the grill area where they had started and sat them back down at the table. She reached into a bin that was near the grill and pulled out a large gallon jug of water. Then another, then another.

“I made three of these just in case. Whoever lost had to finish one of these before they could go back inside.”

She lifted each full jug onto the table and poured a glass for each of them. Karenna got an idea.

“We should see who can refill theirs the highest.”

“What? Measure ourselves?” Mary-Ann asked

“Yeah. I want to prove to you guys that I don’t have a small bladder. I just pee when I want to.”

“You don’t seem to be very good at holding it Kar.” Nia was peeling her jeans off before she sat back down

“I can hold it! You’ll see!”

Before starting her journey into a full gallon jug, Mary-Ann decided to add to the small pile of clothes. She pulled off her panties and tossed the soiled pair onto the deck with the other articles of clothing. Nia, who was now bottomless, didn’t seem to care and Karenna nearly came at the thought of her boss not wearing panties. As Mary-Ann downed her first glass, all three had begun to consume a full jug of water.

As the jugs continued to be drained into the girls bladders, Karenna decided to bring up her experience with Nia. Her own desperation mounting

“So, Nia. Is there anything you wanted to share from our game this morning?”

Nia looked inquisitively. Was Karenna really going to bring this up in front of Mary-Ann?

“N-no?”

“Are you sure? I’ve been talking with Mary-Ann about it. She won’t do it.”

“Goodness Kar, don’t make her-“

“I bring it up because I think she’d like it.”

“Like what?” Nia still wanted to seem innocent. She knew what it was now

Karenna looked back at the driveway, as if checking to see if anyone could hear her. She looked back “I like, and I have done this in public before. Mary-Ann keeps saying she doesn’t want to, but I think you might…like it.” Karenna shifted in her seat

Nia looked at Mary-Ann, who looked back at her, then to Karenna. The phrase hung while the girls continued to get desperate. Nia spoke.

“Let’s all do it.”

Mary-Ann immediately protested, Karenna couldn’t believe what she heard

“Really?”

“Yeah. It’s like that movie when the girls decide to do everything as friends at the end. If we all do it, we’ll be our own team. No one will single anyone of us out”

Mary-Ann shot-gunned more water.

“No! I can’t. What if someone sees me? I’m terrified enough of this thing with Chloe! Oh…sorry Kar.”

Karenna was hurt. A wave of guilt swept over her. She stayed silent. Nia steered the conversation back to her point

“You don’t think I’m risking it as well? We’ll go Saturday. It’s supposed to be a rainy day. There’s a park down the road. It’ll be the last thing we do together as a group. It has to excite you a little, right Mary-Ann?”

“Not really.”

“You’ve never wanted to do this in public? Even if you wouldn’t get caught?”

“How do you know I wouldn’t get caught? Besides…I did do it…once.”

Nia gasped “Really? What’d you do?”

“I got about as desperate as I am now and I went on a walk. I went up a little trail in the woods and I went in my pants. It was ok until my boyfriend caught me.”

“You brought your boyfriend along?”

“No. We were just friends at that point and I had a crush on him. I think…I think he saw what I had done.”

“And? He’s still your boyfriend.”

“But he probably just thinks I leaked while I ran. Not that I had done it on purpose.”

“And that means you can’t do it again?”

“I risked it once. Never again.”

“Tell you what. I’ll go first on Saturday. We both have reputations to lose. I’ll show you that there’s nothing to be afraid of.”

Mary-Ann looked at Karenna. The poor girl was struggling with both her water intake and with Mary-Ann’s comment. She sighed

“Fine. We’ll do it Saturday.”

“Alright!” Nia gave her a fist bump and offered one to Karenna, who was staring into the pile of soiled clothes on the deck.

Quiet. Nia lowered her fist. She sucked down more and more water. Being the athlete of the group, she was used to high intakes of water at once and was nearly two thirds of the way done. Far beyond Karenna and even Mary-Ann’s half empty jug. Without the sweat from a workout or game, the water was shooting straight for her bladder. She had another gulp of water. There was no way she’d be the first to go.

“Feeling alright Kar?”

“Too much water…ow”

“This’ll help.”

Nia stood from the small table and made her way towards the house. As she walked, her bladder jiggled and jostled s mush as her bubble butt. She kept herself tight as she used her pussy to hold it.

Mary-Ann had more water. She was almost done. But her bladder was too. She had just been through a long hold, and having another one was not wise. She didn’t plan to hold on long.

“I’m sorry I mentioned Chloe.”

“I knew you were worried. I should be the one apologizing.”

“How could you have known that she would do this?”

“You’re right. But…I still feel some responsibility”

Mary-Ann nodded. Karenna continued

“Are you worried about Sarah? She doesn’t hate you enough to take over, right?”

“She’s an opportunist and…and I have to pee. Oh my w-“ Mary-Ann shoved her hands into her skirt but it did very little as a warm spirt exited

Her bare minge was forced to hold onto a weak bladder. Mary-Ann wasn’t done with her water and still had more to hold. But her bladder was telling her that it was done. No more holding. It burned in frustration as she leaked again. Defying her angry bladder, she held it.

“S-she’s and opportunist. I-if sh-she c-c-an force me out.” She exhaled. Her brief battle won for now “S-she can make a lot. She’ll get our clients. And revenue.”

Karenna gave a depressed sigh. This situation was her fault. No matter what Mary-Ann said. No matter how many times she tried to push it way, she couldn’t.

“I have to pee…I don’t even know…” Mary-Ann looked longingly at her nearly empty jug

“Just go. There’s not enough in there-“

“I’m not a cheater!”

“Fine. Suffer.”

“Maybe...maybe I like holding it. Ever think of that?”

“Yes. All the time.”

Mary-Ann gave a nervous laugh. Their increasingly awkward conversation was broken by the sound of approaching footsteps. A half-naked Nia was returning with a trey full of snacks. Salted meats, some fruit, and crackers were placed in a decorative fashion around the silver tray. She didn’t show much desperation, but her swollen bladder was noticeable to Karenna

“Hey boss, I think our waitress needs to pee!”

“Bathrooms are for paying customers only! That’s goes for all of us!” Nia bounced to show her actual desperation as she played along with Karenna

“Quick, take a video of her boss! Get your phone!”

“She’s not the only one…” Mary-Ann looked at Nia, the water in her eyes showing the strain in defending against another contraction “I don’t think-ah!”

Mary-Ann’s body shook as she clenched her spent muscles. All of the pain and determination that was currently failing to halt her spasming bladder. It was more than a leak. A short, quick flow of pee ran through her fingers and onto her jean skirt.

“I can’t…do…it. gonna pee…” She said weakly

“You’ve almost finished your water, finish it and go. Please”

Karenna was surprised at Nia’s last word. It was a plea. She looked at her tall friend who was as still as a statue. Her leg was glistening slightly, and Karenna looked around to her friends backside. A small trickle of clear urine was seeping out of her friends public hair and down her leg. Nia was clearly at her limit and Karenna wanted to tease her a little

“It’s not so bad boss, Nia’s having an accident too!”

Mary-Ann was too busy choaking down the rest of her water to care or take notice.

“I’m not Kar! I just. Let a little out.”

The trickle stopped as Nia was talking. She had stopped it.

The two friends looked at Mary-Ann as soon as they heard the splashing of water. Mary-Ann had tilted the rest of the jug upwards and the excess water, though there wasn’t much of it, splashed over her face and onto the ground. In a quick movement, she whipped the jug down and under her skirt. Without moving her skirt she moved the mouth of the jug close to her awaiting genitals. Both Karenna and Nia didn’t hear a thing, but they saw Mary-Ann’s eyes close and her shoulders slouch forward.

Shortly, a new liquid was introduced back into the jug and the patter of a forceful stream was reverberating off of the sides of the empty jug. Karenna watched intently, hoping to catch a glimpse of Mary-Ann’s labia was she peed. Instead, she saw a water jug filling with more clear liquid and heard Mary-Ann moaning and mumbling incoherently as she relieved herself. Karenna was slightly disappointed that she didn’t see her boss’s snatch, but the fact that Mary-Ann had been so close to her limit was enough for her to enjoy. She still relished the thought of Mary-Ann having another accident at work.

Karenna was taken out of her daydream when she heard another hiss coming from over her shoulder. Nia had spread her legs wide and was filling her own jug at a much faster rate than Mary-Ann. The sheer force was nearly knocking it out of her hands. She too had her eyes closed, embracing the relief. Karenna couldn’t think of a better way to spend a morning. Her two best friends in the world were both at their limits and she was steadily feeling desperate herself. She couldn’t wait to join them and was sure that nothing but Saturday’s adventure would top the feelings she had coursing through her.

Nia couldn’t believe how good this felt. How she had held it and pushed her body to its limit. The sound was as sweet as the relief itself and the fact that her friends were watching her made her enjoy it that much more. She cared that she had an audience, and as she finished filling the jug as best she could, part of her imagined herself preforming such an act with the eyes of her teammates on her. She had been on desperate bus rides before, but never had she had to relive herself on the bus itself. The thought of her being the first in a desperate line of teammates with just one jug was fascinating to her. She opened her eyes to see that Mary-Ann had finished and put her jug back on the table. It was just about a quarter full.

Nia dripped into her jug for a little while longer before lifting it onto the table. She was just about even with Mary-Ann. As the two recovered, they couldn’t stop panting. The ordeal had been exhausting and the two had been at their limits. Nia still dripped.

“Quarter…quarter gallon. “ Mary-Ann said through labored breaths

“One liter” Karenna did the math

“Ow…I think that’s enough holding for one day.” Nia could hardly finish the sentence

“Right on…not even going to try for the rest of the day…” Mary-Ann concurred

“Do either of you know what time it is?” Karenna asked, she wasn’t close to desperate. Just enough to be comfortably full

“It was noon when I went in.” Nia realized how hungry she was, now that she was empty. She picked at the snacks she put out

Karenna’s eyes got wide “I have a call at 1 today! I can’t be drinking all this!”

“Better hurry up then and finish. You’re not even halfway!” Nia pushed her to do the challenge too

Karenna looked to Mary-Ann. “Should I? Cassie spent all month getting this guy on the call- he could be another huge deal. I can’t play. Can I?”

Mary-Ann smiled, high off of the release of her bladder. “Your call. You’re her mentor. Sort of.”

Karenna looked to the jug of water that still needed to be finished. If she could finish it, then fill it, she wouldn’t be desperate on the call, she hoped. Maybe Karenna could have her cake and eat it too. She went for it. She grabbed the jug and started to down the remaining water at an accelerated rate.

Time had passed. How much time, none of the girls were sure, but both Mary-Ann and Nia were downing the snacks off of the tray and each had a glass of wine. Nia stood, still bottomless, so that she was facing the water with her back to the house. Mary-Ann listened to her story about basketball while Karenna was to full of piss, water and crackers to say much.

“…I knew I had her when I got into a double move, and she bit on it. As soon as she tried for the ball” Nia leapt and pretended to shoot a basket ball with perfect form.

Score one for me Mary-Ann thought. There was no way Nia was going to catch her.

As Nia landed, her butt jiggled, and Karenna watched it jostle just under her friends pussy. She bit her lip and rocked in place.

“Anyway. Did you play any sports Mary-Ann?”

“I played some softball in high school, but I really liked track and field…”

As Nia listened, she leaned over the tray and gripped a small vine. She began plucking grapes off of it, and spread her bare legs behind her. As she was still bent over the table and Mary-Ann was talking, Karenna heard a loud and distinguishable hiss from Nia.

Her friend was pissing a hard stream onto the cement deck below them. The puddle rapidly expanded and was spaying Nia’s ankles with clear urine. Though her muff was hidden behind her pubic hair, Nia’s pink skin showed through her spread legs. It glistened with pee running through it and provided a stark contrast to her fawned skin. Mary-Ann was still talking, and Nia still listening, as though she wasn’t peeing at all.

Karenna’s own bladder wanted to do the same. Most of the time, Karenna would have gone along with it. But she wanted to play the game. She took another sip of water and her bladder objected, demanding to be set free. Karenna looked at her longtime friend, hoping she’d stop pissing soon. Her eyes met Nia’s.

“Kar looks like she’s about to piss or cum, and I can’t tell which.”

Both. Karenna wanted to admit it, but she instead continued to rock back and forth, adding a bounce to hold on to her stretched bladder.

“You’re running out of time to finish here Kar, better get to that last little bit!”

She still had two tenths of her water to go, but she was feeling bloated and full. It was a daunting task. As Nia finally finished peeing, Mary-Ann revealed herself.

“Speaking of pee, you don’t care about these barstools as much right?”

“They’re meant for the rain. Why?”

“You were telling such a great story about your basketball season, and I didn’t want to get up.”

Karenna looked under her boss’s chair. It was still dripping and there was a puddle underneath the stool itself. Karenna had been so desperate that she didn’t even notice. Nor did she notice when Mary-Ann motioned to Nia that she had scored the first point in their private game. Mouthing a curse, Nia looked back to Karenna.

When Nia noticed that Karenna wasn’t drinking, she decided to tease her playfully, as she had heard Mary-Ann do before.

“I knew it. You have such a tiny bladder Kar. I don’t really blame you for having so many accidents, your poor bladder just bursts.”

Karenna looked at Nia with love in her eyes. She didn’t see Nia as a sex partner or potential mate, but the light teasing and bond they shared nearly made her cry from the sheer joy. She nearly melted as Mary-Ann joined in

“I can just imagine your struggle on this call. Cassie will be leading the way with a great presentation, she doesn’t want you to ruin it when you wet your pants. How do you think she’ll react?” Karenna looked to her boss with pure lust in her eyes. Hopefully she’d take me. No! Cassie’s not into you, stop that. Nia grabbed her attention back

“Oh! You know what I’m going to do? If Kar doesn’t finish up, I’m gonna smack her bladder like she does to me.”

“N-no I-I can do it…”

“Better hurry.” Nia raised her hand- ready to slap

Karenna grabbed her water jug and quickly downed more water than she could handle. She nearly choaked and the water jug was nowhere near empty. She tried again and this time her bladder warned her against it. She had to clench. She had to drink. The cool water was working its way down her throat and her pee was nearly working its way out. She tingled, she hurt. She’d try to finish.

Gasping for air, she was nearly finished. Just a thin layer of water remained in the clear jug. One or two more chugs. She couldn’t. Lightheaded. Nia. Nia was going to smack her. Did she want that? She had too much water. She was nothing but water. Pee. She was nothing but pee as well. She poured more water in her mouth. The last of it. She spit it out and nearly threw up from the force of standing. Her red accented hair fell over her face as she pleaded.

“I can’t…take my pants…off-one of you.”

She maneuvered the jug to herself. She didn’t know if she was desperate to the point of broken English or if her brain was full of water. She hurt, everywhere. She only knew that and the fact that she wasn’t supposed to pee in her pants this time. She felt two sets of hands working on her now dry leggings. They were still stained from her earlier wetting, and clung to her legs. Once they were just past her kneecaps, Karenna let it go.

It was missing the jug. Some of her pee dripped backwards, over her butt and dripped into her leggings. Most of it shot forwards and sprayed the ground below. Nia gently pushed the jug that Karenna was holding closer to her snatch. The mouth of the jug made a seal around her pussy and the rest of her pee was caught in an increasingly heavy container. She must have peed on Nia’s hand as her friend helped her, because Nia wiped it against Karenna’s thigh. She didn’t care. She was peeing hard, but with little relief. At some point she stopped, but she was still full of water. She didn’t have a full comprehension of her surroundings as she sat back down. Nia took the jug and placed it on the table. Karenna put her head down and closed her eyes. She just needed a moment.

Did she pass out? Mary-Ann was shaking her as Nia rubbed her back. Karenna felt a little better. More alert. Her meeting. Did she miss it? How much time had passed? Mary-Ann asked her if she was ok. Karenna took a deep breath

“That was too much. Ow. But. I told you both. I have a big bladder. I must have filled that whole thing.”

“Um Kar?” Nia asked gently. She was worried they had pushed her too far

Karenna opened her eyes and lifted her head, her senses returning as her body tried to process the intake of water.

“You missed us by a bit. Mary-Ann has this at 800 milliliters.”

Karenna looked at her work. Mary-Ann was probably right. Maybe a little more or a little less. She had the smallest bladder of the group. She felt another sensation. She was horny. The smallest bladder verifiably. How embarrassing. How…humiliating Chloe had undoubtably awaked her to her submissive side. She had wanted this all along. She needed to be taken by someone. She burned with desire. She smiled at her friends, hoping she’d be teased. They were both still worried about her. They had to be prodded. Karenna spoke meekly.

“I guess I do have a little bladder…you guys won’t make fun of me…will you?”

“I don’t know, should we?” Nia looked at Mary-Ann

Mary-Ann looked at Karenna, Karenna smiled at her, telling her it was ok. Mary-Ann decided to let Nia in on one of Karenna’s practices

“You think this is why you wet the bed, Kar?”

Nia gasped “Really? You pee the bed?”

Karenna looked at her friend sheepishly. “I-I protect my sheets.”

“Should I be checking yours? You didn’t ruin my sheets did you?”

Karenna shook her head. “Unless you want me to.”

“I’d rather not. Thanks for telling me though.” Nia sounded sarcastic but she was trying to banter with Karenna, who took it well. Still playing, Karenna retorted

“It’s just hard having the smallest bladder in a group. Mary-Ann, tell her what happened on the way here?”

“What happened on the way here Kar?” Mary-Ann wasn’t sure how Karenna wanted to take the conversation and let her guide it

“You remember!” Karenna looked at Nia again “I really needed a pee break and boss wouldn’t let me. I had an accident…or two.” Karenna said it with a smile

“And then there was the old couple at the gas station.” Mary-Ann chimed in

“Yeah! And then- because I guess we can only make a bathroom stop when Mary-Ann is about to have an accident, I got left outside the bathroom door. This sweet old couple had to watch me wet my pants.” Karenna said with a pout

Nia decided to poke fun at Mary-Ann “You too?”

“Look, I just wanted Kar to know that accidents happen to everyone. Trust me, I had control.”

“Sure you did!”

Karenna smiled and put her arms around both Nia and Mary-Ann.

“I love you both so much!”

“We love you too Kar!” They shared a group hug

Karenna excused herself in order to get ready for her afternoon meeting while Nia and Mary-Ann cleaned up from breakfast and ensuing game. Nia carried her wet jeans from that morning over her shoulder and brought the dishes in. Mary-Ann carried in her soiled panties and the remaining cooking items. Inside, the two decided to change and go for a walk. A journey together that the two had grown accustomed to.

Nia found herself in her room before they left, picking out a new pair of pants to wear. It was striking, to be judging what pants to put on based on what they might look like when wet. Her wet jeans from that morning sat in a crumpled pile. They were balled up and out of the way. Out of curiosity, she unfurled them again. It was hard to get them completely flattened out again, but Nia studied the pee stain. It was hers, and undeniably so. The mental barrier that she had fought so hard to overcome had receded when she thought of. It. Is that what I want to do? Why? Why do I want this in public? Karenna wants it. She’s done it. Why me too? Nia thought of Drew. What he likes. She couldn’t make this a dominant act. Could she? Karenna would know. Panty-less, Nia decided on a pair of deep brown jeans and the same white top from that morning. These might show a little, but she had to hide her act from Mary-Ann as well. She was already down by one score.

Mary-Ann had changed into a lighter pair of khaki shorts. With her lead already established by one, she knew she just had to wait for Nia to try it and she’d win today. She wasn’t sure what dares that Nia could come up with, but she wasn’t about to find out. She was the one who had started all of this. There was no way she could lose to Nia, who was still just a beginner. Mary-Ann had also done this in front of her boyfriend who probably still had no idea. This was her game to lose. Confident, she walked out of the front door with Nia.

Karenna had gotten herself dressed in a much more professional top than she had worn that morning. A white blouse and her favorite grey blazer hid the fact that she was just wearing pink jeans. She was under dressed for the meeting they would be having, but with her phone acting as her camera, she could control what was seen and she had no anticipation of letting anyone on the other side know what she had on for pants. Her bladder felt irritated, bothered from her refusal to give it relief that morning. Karenna worried that it would give her trouble. But Mary-Ann had told her to play. Maybe she could get away with it today.

The ding of her virtual meeting app signaled that someone had entered the ‘room’. As the camera came on, it was Cassie. She had the conference room all set up and Karenna could see Anna just leaving the room. Cassie gave Karenna a wave over the internet.

“You and Anna doing ok by yourselves?”

“So far, so good. She’s so sweet. You two having fun?”

“Too much fun! No, but it’s been awesome.”

“Maybe I’ll be joining you guys next time. This year’s already looking great!”

“Ask Mary-Ann about that, but I’m sure it’d be fun with you here too. Hey, before we get started here, I have to pee, so-“

The conference room door started to open and Anna poked her head in. The clients were waiting. Cassie looked to the screen and told Karenna

“I hope this doesn’t end up like the concert!”

Karenna smiled and nodded. She was in trouble. She remembered her experiment from earlier in the week. If she let some out now, maybe it keep her desperation away. Cassie stood and shook the clients hand while Karenna let out a touch of urine. It hit her panties and quickly warmed them. She stopped. Now damp, she felt slightly better. So long as she didn’t get it on Nia’s floor, Karenna felt as though she might get away with it. Maybe she wasn’t in trouble after all.

The afternoon sun felt warm and inviting on Nia’s skin. Happily, she made her way through the driveway with Mary-Ann. The good feeling from the sun, the success with her large bladder size, and the new experiences made her smile. She put her arm around Mary-Ann in a platonic fashion

“Thanks for agreeing to go out on Saturday. You’re a selfless girl Mary-Ann!”

“Against my better judgement. I still can’t believe you wanted to go along with Kar on that one. You have a reputation you know.”

“It’ll be a fun new experience. I think Kar will love it!”

“But its not about her, is it? She said that you might like it. You know Kar better than I do. She doesn’t mean ‘might’. You want it for you, don’t you?”

Nia sighed as they walked into the woods. Mary-Ann had caught her. “You’re right, I guess. I want to try it in public.”

“Why? Karenna does it to get caught, and I guess it makes sense from her perspective. From what she likes, but you? You’re a leader Nia. You have people that depend and look up to you. You can’t be seen wetting your pants.”

“But that’s what makes it fun, isn’t it? To not get caught? It’s like our little game. You like that, right?”

“Yeah, which by the way, I’m going to win. But that’s just between us. No one else is going to see it, or judge.”

“But that’s why we gotta raise the stakes girl! Someone could see us, and that would be embarrassing. But they also might not see us and that feels like the point of the game! Besides, isn’t it more fun to pee on yourself because you’re out of time or options, and not because you just gave up?”

“Holding it in is fun, sure, but the best part about that is when you make it. Even when its on the side of the road or in a bush.”

“They both feel like they’d be fun to me.”

Mary-Ann shook her head. She couldn’t understand why someone with so much on the line if she got caught would be so intrigued. Maybe she wouldn’t like it once she actually did it. Mary-Ann could only hope.

Cassie was doing a fantastic job. Karenna knew what Mary-Ann had seen in her, and Karenna marveled at how quickly her boss was able to forge a gem out of the wreckage that Cassie could have been. Karenna spurted again. Her panties were now nearly consistently warm. While letting a little bit go at a time had helped in her desperation, it had also enticed her to let more and more out. In the middle of speaking, she spurted some more. This time it was longer. When Cassie started to speak again, Karenna stole a look at her jeans. A small dark spot, the size of a pencil tip was visible. She was running out of room, and still had a filling bladder. She looked at her watch. Just over ten minutes had passed. Karenna was in trouble.

Nia knew when she started walking that she would have to go again soon. Exhausted from her intake of water and wine that morning her kidneys were working over time and her bladder was unhappy. She still had to catch and then pass Mary-Ann by find a way to relieve herself in her pants without being caught. It was her game. She was going to find a way to win.

Karenna was now standing and marching around the room. She didn’t have much of a speaking role, but was there to watch and guide Cassie. It was the worst situation in a meeting. Or it would be for almost anyone but Karenna. This was her dream. She had been desperate at work too many times to count, but this was different. She had far too much to drink and had already been at her limit. It was hard to focus. Not because of her desperation, but her arousal. She had no escape. The bathroom was right by her bedroom, not more than six or seven yards. She couldn’t sit down and go during an important meeting like this. They’d all hear her hissing and splashing. Sorry guys, I have a tiny bladder and I just couldn’t hold it anymore. Karenna was sexually stirred by the thought. She rubbed her pants, partly in desperation, partly in arousal. Karenna was closing in on another wetting, content as she crossed her legs.

Nia didn’t want to hold it more than she had to. She was ready to go already, armed with a plan to distract Mary-Ann, she just needed to execute. This was no different than winning a game in the final moments Just execute Mrs. Armstrong Nia played her coaches words in her mind. She took a deep breath.

“Hey boss-lady, how have we never taken a selfie?”

Mary-Ann was ahead of her, she turned around “You never asked!”

“Well I’m asking now girl, c’mon over here!”

Nia positioned herself so that when she squatted down, her jeans would be slightly over the edge of the trail and she could hopefully run her piss over the grass. It was worth a shot. As Mary-Ann approached, Nia let a little bit drop out of her and hit the crotch of her jeans. It didn’t show, but it proved to her that she was ready. Nia squatted, her butt over the edge and hovering above the tall grass. Mary-Ann walked behind her and squatted as well, a big smile plastered on her face. As soon as Nia hit the button, she relaxed.

Nia expected another battle with her brain, which had fought her so many times before. This time, all she felt was a slight tickling sensation up against her womanhood. If her jeans weren’t becoming warmer and warmer, she wouldn’t have even realized that she was going. Mary-Ann was none the wiser. Duckface, kissing face, peace signs and more made up the selfies between them, and all the while, Nia was spraying piss into her jeans. The entire photoshoot took a little less than a minute, but it was just long enough for Nia to finish the ample amount of pee that she had made. Mary-Ann stood first, resuming her walk without taking note of Nia’s dripping jeans. The score was tied at one.

Karenna’s desperate hold was suddenly interrupted by a text alert at the top of her screen. It was from Cassie

How are you holding up?

Bad. Got to peeee! Karenna put extra emphasis on her need, though it was great

Me too

Before Karenna could respond, it was Cassie’s turn to speak again. As Karenna watched her get up to point and work the projected graphs on the whiteboard. Her movements were subtle, and if Karenna wasn’t looking for them, she may not have even noticed. As Cassie stood, she tapped her booted foot against the floor, occasionally grinding it into the carpet. Sympathetically, Karenna decided to let another spirt escape. As she tried to clench, more shot through and darkened her pink jeans. If she had been in person, it would have been a noticeable leak. Karenna wasn’t going to make it, and she knew that now. But she still needed to find a spot to let the rest out. Where that could be, she didn’t yet know.

Mary-Ann wasn’t concerned with discreetly wetting her pants. She had a point on Nia and was confident that her friend couldn’t score on her. The pair had stopped at the same clearing that Nia had taken them to on the first day. The air was just as clean as before and the view was equally as sweet. Mary-Ann had come up with an idea for another game as they had walked here, and she turned, with her back to the clearing, to speak with Nia

“Did you ever have easter egg hunts as a kid?”

“Heard about them. Why?”

“We should have a scavenger hunt tomorrow. It might be fun if we-”

“Aw, I was counting on doing a holding contest.”

“Why not both? We could mark a spot on the ground, and if you get enough clues to find it-“ Mary-Ann started to pee her shorts, just to give an example

“I feel like not wetting your pants is more of a reward.” Nia had to speak over the splashing of the dirt below

“Ok, then if you make it to the spot, you can go how you want.” Mary-Ann’s shorts where almost a mahogany brown as the patch spread to both her legs

“And if we can’t make it?”

“You have to use the bathroom for the rest of the day.”

“Guess I know which one I’ll be losing.”

“Cool. Easy forfeit for me. And I’m up 1-0 today already!” Mary-Ann finished wetting

“Fine, I’ll play for real. But you’re not up anymore. You didn’t catch this.”

Nia turned, revealing her wet jeans. Mary-Ann gasped

“Nia! When did this happen?”

Smiling, Nia told her “Selfies! We were taking pictures and I just.” She mad a motion with her hands to simulate a flow of liquid “let it go.”

“Look at you! Wow!” Mary-Ann gave her a high five “Score one for you I guess.”

The two friends smiled and continued their walk, now both sporting pee-stained clothes.

It was coming. Karenna couldn’t do a thing about it. She was propped up against the wall of the bedroom, a hand jammed deep into her squirming crotch. A bladder spasm, already invited by her earlier releases, burned through her defenses. She felt warm. Looking down, Karenna could see that she was rewetting the dark patch that already inhabited the crotch of her jeans. It slowly trickled down her inseams, but was fat enough to coat her thighs. 
Her legs shook as she made a decision. Waddling towards the double doors that led to the small porch, Karenna’s face was still buried in her phone. 

She had to keep a stone face. Cassie was presenting now, and she had to act as though pee wasn’t trickling down her legs and dripping onto the carpet below her. As soon as she got to the doors, she flung them open and stopped pretending that she could still hold her pee. Hot urine gushed forth. Quickly, it overran her pink jeans and turned them a dark, almost black color. Her body hissed with the speed of her pent up piss and the gush of her moist legs started to worry Karenna. Did they hear her? Cassie confirmed it

“Karenna? Is everything ok there?”

“Uh, yeah.” She smiled “I think. It was getting noisy in there, so I stepped out. Spilled my water bottle.” She lied. She had no water bottle.

As bold as she had gotten with strangers, she wasn’t horny enough to admit that it was scorching pee that was running down her legs. The group still couldn’t see below her waist. It was her saving grace. She didn’t want to ruin this for Cassie, who was close to closing the deal, but Karenna couldn’t deny that she more or less just had an accident while working. She even had the warm puddle to prove it. As she finished, the meeting resumed as though nothing was the matter. Karenna’s clit throbbed. This one was as real as she could get. During a meeting. The risk of getting caught was much greater than her other attempts at public wetting. She had a taste of wetting at work. Karenna was hooked. Cassie needed to hurry up and close out the meeting, Karenna was horny.

Mary-Ann was disappointed. More in herself than anything else. She decided to speak about it

“You know, I got to be honest, I thought I had today won. I can’t believe I didn’t catch you when we took those selfies.”

“Coach always reminds us, your opponent gets paid too. Don’t underestimate me Mary-Ann, or I’ll have you doing some sort of dare. Scratch that, I’m going to have you doing some dare, because I aim to win this.”

Mary-Ann shook her head, she had been arrogant. She’d have to prove herself again and take the first day for herself. A chance to try again was coming though, as the house came back into view.

Karenna had turned the shower on. She needed one, and the cover of the rushing water to mask her screams of pleasure. She was coming down off of her second climax. The meeting had ended, Cassie had closed, as Mary-Ann knew she would, and Karenna was free again. Panting and returning her breathing to normal, Karenna looked at her phone. It had dinged with the sound of a text coming through. It was from Cassie

What a meeting! Thanks for all that you’ve done for me, even though I can be difficult. You’ve helped turn my life around and I’m really starting to accept myself as a business woman. A serious woman. Thanks Karenna 🙂

You’ve come a long way Cassie. Good job today.

😙 I’ve got to know though. Did you make it?

Kind of?

Oh no! Was it like the concert?

Worse

🤣🤣🤣 That wasn’t water that you spilled, was it?

🤫

I’ll keep this one between us too. If it was anything like the concert, at least the neighbors got a look at your cute butt!

Karenna’s heart was sent aflutter. For a moment. Confusion then set in. Cassie was straight, right? Why was she calling Karenna cute again? Was she just being playful? It was Cassie. She could be. Karenna took a deep breath and sent a risky text back

You’re cute too! Don’t know if I’ve seen your butt though…

😘

What was that supposed to mean? Karenna shifted the topic slightly

It’d be rude of me to ask if you made it or not too

Yeah, and I nearly killed Anna though.

LOL what?

She was using the stall, and I didn’t want to wait. I used the boys potty instead

Urinal?

Yup, and Anna walked out as I was going and made a face. I hope she doesn’t think I’m a boy!

😆😆😆 You can pee standing up though?

😁

Karenna pushed the envelope again

I still owe you some time at your bar. When we hang out, you have to show me how to do that!

It’s a date! Have fun with Mary-Ann!

What did she mean by date? Was it just the expression, or something more? Karenna was confused. And horny again. She needed the shower.

The sun was hanging low in the sky. Hours had passed after Nia’s walk with Mary-Ann and Nia was preparing dinner for her guests. She still wore the same brown jeans that she had on for her walk. They had mostly dried, but a thin outline of a pee patch still resided on her butt. The heat of the grill was a pleasant contrast to the cooler evening air. It was comforting. Nia felt had a twinge in her bladder. She had recovered from the morning activities and, had the urge hit even a day ago, she would have excused herself to make a trip to the bathroom. But today was different. Nia looked back. Mary-Ann and Karenna were sunbathing. Mary-Ann still had her shorts on from earlier, and Karenna had changed into a pair of jean shorts. Smiling, Nia turned back to the grill. Hoping that Mary-Ann was too engrossed in her relaxation to take notice of the chief, Nia took a shot. She started to pee her jeans.

It all happened so quickly. Like her experience with the selfie, there was no impediment to her demand. Nia looked down, admiring the streaking wetness that effortlessly flowed down to the ground below her. Beads of pee had broken through the denim and dripped into a puddle that was starting below her. Out of curiosity, she grabbed her still pissing pussy. Her urine began to soak her public hair, and her pee began to splash in her now developed puddle. Damn it! Nia was worried the noise would give her up

Mary-Ann had been enjoying the silence of the late afternoon. Just the warm sun, cooler air, and some quality time with her friends. The sudden tapping sound and splashing of some foreign liquid got her attention. She first looked to Karenna, who was enjoying the sun as well. Her sunglasses blocked her eyes as well, and Mary-Ann couldn’t tell if she heard the same noise. Mary-Ann looked under Karenna’s chair, dry. Nia had to be the culprit.

Unsurprisingly, the dark, glistening streaks that now defined Nia’s jeans were the source of the noise. Mary-Ann had to call her out to if she was going to prevent Nia from earning a point. Part of her didn’t want to, Nia was obviously enjoying herself. But Mary-Ann also intended to win. She shouted loud enough for Nia to hear her over the noise of the grill.

“Hey Kar, is Nia peeing herself over there?”

Karenna gasped, though more for show “She is! I thought you had a strong bladder girl!”

“Everyone has their limits Kar! I’m at mine!”

“You know, you actually have good ideas from time to time.”

As Nia finished wetting her pants, Karenna started to piss her shorts. They too glistened in the sunlight. She looked to Mary-Ann

“I have to pee.”

Mary-Ann smiled back

“Me too.”

“For most people, it’s probably embarrassing to admit that you peed your pants in front of your boss.”

“Or for your boss to say that she peed her pants in front of you!”

“Yeah but you love it!”

“And I love you Kar. This has been a ton of fun.”

Nia watched Karenna pee her shorts from afar. She couldn’t hear what she and Mary-Ann were saying, but it sounded like pleasant conversation. This was it. It was strange to be in cold, wet, heavy jeans on purpose. Mary-Ann had been right however, it was about the bond they shared, not the act itself. Nia was finally starting to understand.

Dinner was good, yet uneventful. The trio ate in their wet pants, Nia had still failed to notice Mary-Ann’s wet shorts. But she did pick up on the complement for the excellent dinner. As the meal was wrapping up, Mary-Ann asked Nia if they could have a campout, should Karenna be up for it. Karenna had never been camping, but the idea sounded intriguing. When they had finished their meal, Karenna cleaned the table, and Mary-Ann held Nia set up the tent.

The wooden platform kept them off of the ground, and made for an easy setup, certainly the easiest in Mary-Ann’s life. Karenna was instructed to get the hunting sleeping bags that Drew kept in the shed for the group. By the time they were finished, the sun was nearly set. The girls started a campfire. As they walked, Mary-Ann spoke privately to Nia

“I can’t believe you didn’t notice this the whole time.” She showed her wet shorts

“Damn. Score one for you I guess. Congrats on winning day one!”

“What, you’re throwing in the towel already?”

“No, but I have an idea for a game, and I need my bladder.” Nia laughed

As she started the campfire, Nia had Karenna fetch wine and whiskey from the house and to bring as much as she could carry. It didn’t take long for the social lubrication to get Nia’s game rules revealed.

“Have either of you girls ever played ‘never have I ever’?”

“Yes”

“No” Mary-Ann was unfamiliar

“The idea is that one person says something that they’ve never done. And if you have done the thing, you have to put a finger down. I was thinking it might be more fun if you lose though, to pee a little. If you completely let go, you’re out.”

Karenna agreed to play in a muffled tone through her shot of whiskey. Mary-Ann nodded as she sipped some wine. Nia held up her fingers and went first

“Never have I ever…eaten a snail.”

“Who the hell eats a snail? That’s an easy one!” Karenna was enjoying her liquor

“The French do! But I haven’t either.” Mary-Ann corrected Karenna

It was Karenna’s turn next. She went with an easy question too

“Never have I ever…tried skateboarding.”

None of the girls had either. Karenna had grabbed a small bottle. She was tipsy. And almost done. It was Mary-Ann’s turn next

“Never have I ever…cried during a movie.”

Nia didn’t move her hand, but Karenna wasn’t happy

“Oh, c’mon! I cry at every movie!”

“Them’s the rules Kar.”

“mmph.”

Karenna leaned forward. In the light of the campfire, her dried shorts were now visible. The crotch of which darkened slightly, and a small stream trickled out. Karenna stopped it. She stayed in the game. It was Nia’s turn next

“Never have I ever…owned a cat.”

No hands went down. Karenna was next

“Never have I ever…been to a theme park.”

Nia looked at Mary-Ann who looked back at her

“What? I’m afraid of roller coasters!”

No hands went down. Mary-Ann spoke next

“Never have I ever…sent nudes to anyone.”

Both Nia and Karenna put a finger down

“Nia? You too?”

“Yeah…your brother Kar.”

“Oh my g-Nia!”

Nia grimaced “sorry”

Karenna shook her head and walked over to Nia, the two stood next to each to each other, and in front of Mary-Ann, to prove that they were wetting. Nia went first, her brown jeans now accepting her urine for the third time that day. As the crotch darkened, Nia’s legs shook. She grabbed her muff and was able to regain control, although barely. Karenna exhibited much more control, and held on easily for the second time. Nia squirmed as she sat back down

“Girls, I might be done. It felt so good…I want to…”

“Go girl! Do it, do it, do it!” Karenna was starting to get drunk, and shouted at the top of her lungs

“I’m not going to lose Kar!”

“Then go! It’s your turn!”

“mmpfh…alright…never…” Nia was squirming

“Nia’s gonna pee her pants! Nia’s gonna pee!” Karenna was trying to sing, but it was off key.

“Shut up! You’re drunk!”

“And you’re cute!”

Nia ignored the comment “Never have…never have I ever…owned a dog”

Karenna still mumbled to herself, her hand staying up, but Mary-Ann stood.

“Max was a good boy.”

“Did he teach you to pee outside?”

“Like this?” Mary-Ann let a little out, her shorts didn’t hold much

“Weeee! I like this game Nia!” Karenna was rowdy

Mary-Ann shook her head and sat back down. Karenna shouted her next question

“Never has I ever…”

A sudden hiss broke through the drunken ramblings of Karenna. Nia looked at the group

“I can’t hold it! Ahhh!” Her jeans soaked in it and her butt was drenched

“Let me feel!” Karenna stumbled as she tried to get up

“Leave her alone Kar!” Mary-Ann spoke up

“I just-I just wanted to comfort her!”

“She’s fine!”

As Nia finished, Karenna lay down on the sand, drunkenly assuming that she could rest there.

“Hurry up and lose boss. I’m tired!”

Mary-Ann looked at Nia, who was still soaking in her urine. She spoke to the relatively sober Nia.

“This was a good idea. But giving Kar that much whiskey wasn’t.”

“Agreed, just lose and lets get her to bed.”

Nia spoke as Mary-Ann let the rest of her bladder relax

“Hey Kar? Lets get ready for bed. It’s late-“

“Did boss lose?”

“Yeah.”

“Yay! What do I win?”

“Love and respect. Now lets get you to sleep.”

Nia walked back to the house with a stumbling and shuffling Karenna. The small girl had insisted on getting her pajamas, and in the interest of closing the night before Karenna got any worse, Nia obliged. Mary-Ann finished wetting her shorts before she kicked out the fire.

While Mary-Ann had changed into a pair of athletic shorts for the night, Nia returned with Karenna, who was rambling and laughing about something. She was incoherent, and Mary-Ann wasn’t about to get in the middle of it. Nia was a pro, guiding Karenna back to the tent once she had the girl dressed in her pajamas. Karenna had insisted that Nia change too, and she had done so. It was a very large tent, and able to accommodate the three women and their sleeping bags. Once Karenna had been led into the orange structure, she immediately flopped face forwards onto the middle sleeping bag.

“Night-night” This would be her final words for the evening

“Night-night? What the-?” Mary-Ann looked at Nia

Nia shrugged, and rolled over. Mary-Ann followed suit. Within moments, Karenna was snoring. It took what felt like hours for Mary-Ann and Nia to reach the same state of slumber.

In the early hours of the morning, when the predators of the night still roamed, Karenna’s bladder attempted to wake her. It needed relief. It’s counterparts in both Nia and Mary-Ann had emptied themselves at the end of the game, but it had suffered only a partial emptying. It was still dark, but Karenna’s bladder wanted her to squat, or wet. It didn’t matter. It was full.

Every alarm was sent to her brain, every warning that her bladder was too full was delivered. But it wasn’t received. Karenna continued to sleep, dreamless. Her over indulgence on whiskey had cost her. Her bladder was paying the price, and soon, so would she. These sleeping bags weren’t just Nia’s they were Drew’s. Still, her bladder was too full, and her muscles could only be tightened for so long. Her body was about to relax, and gave one more desperate plea to its master. Karenna slept, drooling on her pillow.

It was clear, but for her good fortune, Nia and Mary-Ann stayed asleep. All they would have known was that a suspicious sound was stemming from Karenna. It was not nearly as strong as her daytime wetting, and her usual hiss had been replaced by a slight trickle. Like a creek gently pushing itself over rocks, Karenna’s urine pushed through her genital walls. As her bladder fully contracted, the slight trickle had a small stream to it.

Because she was laying on her stomach, the first spray of nighttime urine ran up her pajama bottoms. As it reached her waistband, it spread around it, wetting the top. It then pushed forward, and began to soak into her shirt. The puddle then expanded downward, flowing straight from Karenna’s tight pussy. The puddle reached past her thighs, creating an unmistakable stain between them. As more and more pee flowed from the unknowing Karenna, the puddle expanded outward. The sleeping bag suffered the most. It would have been ruined, but Karenna had flopped down on top of it. It was just the outer layer that was saturated.

When Karenna was done, she had unknowingly been granted something she knew she wanted. Embarrassment. She had pissed all over Nia’s sleeping bag, and soaked her shirt and pajamas. She could only hope that Nia might want to do the same.

A/N: So that was 13k words! Sorry it took so long to publish but that's why. Who do you think will win Nia and Mary-Ann's game? If you guess right, I'll give you an interlude scene of your choice when those return. Do you think Nia will enjoy their public excursion on the final day? What do you think that'll do for her relationship with Karenna? Also, did you like drunk Karenna? I felt like I rushed the end a little, so we didn't get a ton of time with her, but you never know, she might return! I have no idea how long the next chapter will be, so it may be a while before I post again, but I am motivated and working on it! Thank you all for your support!

*137*2022-01-16 00:56

{{21 hours ago, orangelion said:

This is a long chapter, but it was worth the wait. I really enjoyed the games they played. I loved how Nia started nonchalantly pissing bottomless while getting grapes and listening to Mary-Ann.

}}

That was my favorite part to write in this section, I’m glad you liked it! I plan to add more events like it. More pee scenes in the overall story I think would go well

{{21 hours ago, orangelion said:

Do you mean Mary-Ann? Because Nia is already looking forward to it, but Mary-Ann isn't so enthusiastic. I think Mary-Ann will enjoy it, but will still avoid doing it for fear of getting caught. The more times she does it the more chances there will be for her to get caught. As for Nia, I believe she will enjoy a lot as she has already gotten excited at the thought of wetting in front of others.

}}

I meant Nia in my question, but my question wasn’t asked right. My bad! My worry is that her fascination with it was out of character. While it makes sense for Karenna, I think Nia is more dominant, so my question should have been more about that.

{{21 hours ago, orangelion said:

How and when did Mary-Ann did her second secret wetting? You don't mention it in the story, unless I somehow missed it.

}}

The times Mary-Ann has wet without Tyler knowing have been: her outdoor wetting in interlude 1, her first date with Tyler at the coffee shop and during their dinner date.

{{21 hours ago, orangelion said:

I noticed a lot more typos in this chapter than others. For finding typos I use Microsoft Word then I copy and paste the text to Google Docs. They each find different typos and I believe together they find most typos. I know proof-reading 13K words would be a lot of work.

}}

The typos in this one come from working on it for more than a week and then just posting it to post it. I usually write it in a word doc, then post and edit by re reading the entire thing and then editing from there.

Thank you for the attached documents! The time you put in to correct the poor editing on the post meant a lot to me. You ever want to request a scene or anything of the sort, just ask or dm me. Thanks @orangelion

!

*139*2022-01-16 12:16

{{4 hours ago, orangelion said:

When I asked about Mary-Ann's second wetting I meant the second wetting she did as part of the contest with Nia. The first time was when Nia and her were talking after filling their jugs with pee and she peed her jeans skirt.

This is the first indication that we were given that she wet a second time. Though we are never told exactly when she wet her shorts.

}}

The line of dialogue “me too” after Karenna started to wet her shorts was Meant to imply that she was doing it too.

”Or for your boss to say that she peed her pants in front of you!”

Was supposed to be another indication, I think it was just poor excitation on my end

*141*2022-01-17 23:15

{{8 hours ago, PeeHour said:It would be interesting to see a reverse scenario where Mary-Ann and Nia and tipsy and Karenna is the sober one. As I've said before, I'm mainly into wetting and not so much peeing, but I actually enjoyed the nonchalant peeing scene with Nia! }}

I like that idea! Expect it in the next one. I’m glad you liked the pee scene, I try to add a few in each time, because I feel like, as a writer, it lets me describe something different and it keeps the wetting from feeling stale

{{8 hours ago, PeeHour said:

It would be interesting to see a reverse scenario where Mary-Ann and Nia and tipsy and Karenna is the sober one. As I've said before, I'm mainly into wetting and not so much peeing, but I actually enjoyed the nonchalant peeing scene with Nia!

}}

I like that idea! Expect it in the next one. I’m glad you liked the pee scene, I try to add a few in each time, because I feel like, as a writer, it lets me describe something different and it keeps the wetting from feeling stale

*142*2022-02-03 02:45

A/N: Wow! What a chapter this one is for desperation lovers! Of course, we have a pee scene, which I think is unique in its execution, and we get to learn a little more about Nia and her character. My only question for this chapter is: Do you think she's a good enough character to get her own interlude once in a while? Would you like a scene with just her in the future? I hope you like the series return with this chapter!

Chapter 5.6: Nia Finds Herself

Nia awoke suddenly. If she had been dreaming, she didn’t remember what it was about. It was still dark, and a little chilly. She took a moment to gather her surroundings. She knew she was in her tent and knew she was in a sleeping bag, but it took her a moment to remember it. Neither of the other two women were awake. She could hear Karana breathing, and it sounded rather short. A little worrying given what the temperature outside must have been. Mary-Ann seemed much more comfortable. The next thing that Nia noticed was herself. She had to piss. Bad. Bad enough to cross her legs while she lay on the ground. Bad enough to nearly take her mind off of Karenna. But her concern for her longtime friend won out. Nia reached for her phone, and the bright light nearly blinding her. She checked the time, it was 3:34 AM. Using the flashlight capability, she shone it on Karana.

The poor girl was shivering, she had never gotten into her sleeping bag. As Nia shined the light further down she noticed a sheen on the top of the bag that wasn’t there before. She didn’t! Nia shone the light farther down, with a focus on her friends long pajama bottoms. Kar pissed the bed. Never really had a heart for drinking I guess. Nia was a little miffed that her husband’s sleeping bag was now ruined, covered in her friends pee. But there were other issues. She didn’t want Karenna to get sick, or worse still, hypothermia in these conditions. Needing an excuse to leave the tent for her own needs, Nia decided to get a Karenna a blanket from the house.

The walk out of the tent and onto the trail back to the house was filled with decisions. Nia could pull down her bottoms and go right on the trail, it would dry by morning. She could squat by the side of the trail in the bushes to find her relief, or she could pee her pants. It wasn’t an option she would have considered for her first twenty-four years before this week, but the events of the past few days had granted her that option. Kar would like it if you wet your pajamas too. Or you could use the toilet like a normal person. That would be what Nia wants. Her walk back to the house was otherwise uneventful, having won the debate in her own mind, she opened the door to the warm building. A package fell inside. She hadn’t noticed it there before.

Nia assumed that the girls didn’t hear the postman as they conversed yesterday. She carried the package to the countertop in the kitchen and flicked on the light. It was bright, and as she adjusted to the new glare of the room, it was hard to not hold herself. She grabbed a pair of scissors and opened the parcel.

The first item that caught her eye was a bouquet of roses. Her favorite.

“Aww” She let out an auditory confirmation of her feelings towards the gift, even as she pee-danced like a child

There was another, smaller box inside the package, but Nia pulled out the sheet of paper that covered it first. It was a note

Nia,

I know that I don’t always express my love to the fullest when we share our time together. Part of me worries each time that we part, that I was somehow not enough for you. I know this trip has been difficult for us both, but I want you to know that I love you. Thank you, for being my friend, confidant and lover. No matter what your family said or did to you, you stuck with me. Nothing that I can ever do or give will be enough to repay your boldness. There is only one word that can describe my feelings for you.

- Drew

Nia was overcome with joy. Her emotions ran wild. She wanted her husband, now. She’d give him everything, all of herself. She wanted to cry, to laugh, instead she smiled. She opened the small box and inside was a small silver necklace. It wrote love in Arabic. It fit her neck perfectly. Despite her best efforts to hold it, Nia started to cry. Tears of joy ran across her face, as her legs held her urine below.

Nia could only wipe her tears away with one hand. The other was balled into a fist, a sign of her desperation. She’d find a place for her roses later, Karenna was still cold outside, and she needed to pee. She quickly walked into the bathroom, and turned on the light.

She lifted the toilet seat up, and stuck her thumbs into the waistband of her pajama bottoms, and stated to pull them down. She looked in the mirror. Her new necklace glinted back at her. Would he want to watch me pee? Nia wondered if the games that she played with the girls could be sexual. It intrigued her. Perhaps the thought of seeing her husband more so than the act itself is what made her pause. Then she thought of her game with Mary-Ann. If she went now, she could get away with it in the morning, she was sure. Second guessing herself, she took her hands out of her waistband and put the toilet seat back down. Nia stepped into the shower instead.

She closed her eyes and pushed. At this point, Nia expected it to be easy for her to let go. It was, if she was with her friends. Alone, with the woman in the mirror, she had to face her actions. Alone, it was easy to question what she was doing. Alone, her body disobeyed her commands. Her bladder locked, though full. She tried, and she tried again, trying to wet her pajamas, as she had done before with her jeans. Nothing. She pulled her braided hair back in frustration. She sighed. Karenna had unlocked her bladder before with a slap. Nia wasn’t about to hurt herself. She thought for a second. Karenna had shown her something else too.

As her legs twitched she closed her eyes. Nia asked for a scenario to come to her. She often visualized plays before they happened while she played basketball, and as a result, her mind’s eye was well trained. It didn’t take long for her subconscious to construct a scene. Nia imagined herself, not in her pajamas anymore, but in her favorite designer jeans. She was in public, as desperate as she was now. Right in front of the bathroom she stood, with a janitor who was still cleaning it.

Her knees still shook, bent in a half squat. As she envisioned herself talking to the imaginary janitor, she pushed again with her muscles. Nia had some success. Please sir, could you move the sign? I know its being cleaned but- Nia grabbed for her crotch as piss sprayed out of her and melted its way through the thin fabric of her pajamas. Some of it splattered on the shower floor, while her uncorked bladder pushed the rest down the back of her legs. Her objective completed, she abandoned her fantasy and tried to enjoy her wetting. As her stream became its usual torrent, Nia’s pussy began to hiss. The fleece fabric was no match for her fast moving piss and what was left around her crotch only served to wet her ample public hair. Her pajamas were looser than the jeans she had been wetting for the past few days, and only some of her pee stuck to her legs. 

The usual feeling of wetness was there, but the fabric was only catching some of it and the strange feeling displeased Nia. The shower drain began to gurgle and accept her yellow piss as it flowed towards the hole. On top of the strange feeling her pajamas gave her, her piss smelled strong and concentrated. Owing its odor to her drinking the night before, the warm feeling gave Nia a full reaction to what she was doing. For the first time since her initial wetting, Nia was unhappy with the experience. This time, she wasn’t doing it for Karenna, but for herself, to win a game she had with Mary-Ann. She hoped it was worth it as it finished spraying out of her. After a few moments, the shower drain also went silent. Nia was done peeing.

Nia dabbed herself dry with her towel. She tried to preserve the wet stain on her legs while also attempting to stay hygienic. Why? Girl why did you do that to yourself? To win. To beat Mary-Ann. Its fun. You know you like it. Watching it spread. How warm it gets. It’s so cold though. And Drew got you these pajamas. You like pissing on things he bought you? Nia shook her head as she grabbed a spare blanket for Karenna. She told herself that she didn’t like the thought of desecrating her marriage like that. Still, another thought came to her as she exited the bathroom. Honey, I had an accident. Come clean it and you can clean me. Even if Drew didn’t like it, Nia’s body certainly did. She stopped just outside the bathroom, and with her free hand, touched her womanhood for a moment. Perhaps he’d like it because she did, or maybe one of the girls could help her figure it out.

Mary-Ann awoke with the sound of chirping birds and lapping water. The nylon sleeping bag had kept her warm, and as dry as the inside of her mouth. She smacked her lips and rolled over. Karenna was still sound asleep, lightly snoring with her mouth agape. Nia was on her knees, on top of the sleeping bag, slightly rocking back and forth as she texted on her phone.

“Mornin’” Mary-Ann made her wakefulness known

Nia smiled “Finally! I’ve been up for a minute.”

“Did Kar always have a blanket?”

“Um…no.” Nia hesitated on sharing Karenna’s shame “is…ah, never mind”

“Is what? You can ask me anything Nia.”

Nia took a short breath as she decided to explore the experience that Mary-Ann had delivered to her “Is…wetting your bed part of this whole…” Nia made a motion with her hand “…thing?”

Mary-Ann was quiet for a moment. Her eyes darted around the room. “Why?”

Nia pulled the blanket off of Karenna. The glistening black cover of the sleeping bag was now just damp, a full night of soaking in Karenna’s wet pee had done its damage. Her pajama bottoms had also stayed wet, as a pool of freezing cold pee had stayed in Karenna’s lap, between her legs.

“Karenna had a little bit of an accident” Nia told Mary-Ann what they both could see

“Little?”

Nia pushed the question aside and cut to the bottom line “Did she do this on purpose?”

“No.” Mary-Ann shook her head “She wouldn’t do this to you willingly. I mean- it looks like she ruined the whole thing.”

“That’s what I was hoping. She had a lot to drink. I know you two have your little game or whatever, but accidents still can happen, right?”

Mary-Ann nodded. Nia got back to her original question.

“So. Is wetting your bed part of this whole thing boss-lady?”

Mary-Ann knew that Nia was just curious. Still, it was private, and Mary-Ann didn’t want to divulge her entire habit. Her silence more or less confirmed to Nia her occasional indulgence.

“C’mon Mary-Ann.”

“Alright!” Mary-Ann sighed “I-my mattress is protected, yes.”

Nia’s initial gasp turned into a smile “Mary-Ann’s a bedwetter?”

“Not-not really. I-I actually haven’t used it. Yet. But-but I like the idea.”

Nia’s brow furrowed “Why? Aren’t you ruining your own thing?”

“Yeah, but, don’t you hate it when you’re all cozy and comfy in bed, and then you have to pee?”

“That’s just lazy.”

Mary-Ann shrugged “Don’t knock it ‘till you try it. She paused “Speaking of which, I’ll be like Kar in a second, I need a pee buddy.”

“I guess I could go.” Nia wasn’t quite full after her escapade that morning. But she had been up for a while again.

The two unzipped the door to the tent and stepped outside onto the platform. The morning air was crisp and bold. The sun had risen and sat just above the clouds. The morning mist was just about to leave the lake for the rest of the day. Mary-Ann took a deep breath and smiled at Nia. Nia smiled back and pulled her pajama bottoms off. Mary-Ann was still oblivious to the stain that had planted itself on Nia’s legs as she also slid off her athletic short bottoms.

Nia led the movement of the two without words. Rather than squatting, she sat her bare bottom on the edge of the platform and spread her long legs a bit. Mary-Ann looked perplexed as she sat herself down next to Nia. The basketball star explained herself as she let her second pee of the day escape her hairy bush.

“It’ll go through the slats in the wood. Besides, it beats squatting, doesn’t it?”

Mary-Ann didn’t put up a protest as the force of Nia’s pee hissed out of her. It first formed a puddle, and darkened the weathered wood under her. The puddle was unsustainable in any size however, and the platform began to drip her urine onto the ground below. Mary-Ann sighed in relief as she joined Nia, her bald pussy spraying out a much harder stream.

“You weren’t kidding, were you? You had to go!” Nia was surprised at how hard Mary-Ann was pissing

“You know what its like in the morning!”

Mary-Ann was peeing hard enough that unlike Nia, her puddle expanded across the wooden planks. It still dripped onto the ground below, but with enough force, it traveled outwards. On one side of her, it dripped over the edge, on the other, it ran towards Nia.

“You’re peeing on me boss-lady.”

Mary-Ann looked over at her puddle, which had made it to the outside of Nia’s leg and was running lengthwise down her thigh

“You could move.”

“I’m still going. Besides, it’s warm.”

“Oh. Um, you’re welcome?”

The two friends laughed as Nia finished. She stood and shook, her bubble butt jiggling as she did. Mary-Ann was still seated, finishing her own pee.

“I can’t believe you didn’t notice.”

“Notice what?” Mary-Ann’s stream stopped

“When I saw that Kar needed a blanket, I went to go get her one and-“ Nia showed off her stained legs from that morning as Mary-Ann started to pee again. “I didn’t make it into the house.”

“All on your own! Hey look at you, finally joining us in our little sport!”

“Not really, just getting a point on you in our game.” Nia smiled victoriously

“I’ll get you back, don’t worry!” Mary-Ann finished as her stream finally died down

“I got my eye on you.” Nia said as she made her way back to the tent.

Mary-Ann shook her head as she stood and shook herself. She dried the rest into her shorts and hopped off the platform. She had to go around her puddle and the patch the Nia left. An obvious sign that the two friends had enjoyed a relaxing morning pee together.

############

It was the feeling of weightlessness that made Karenna feel uneasy. Was she sick? Not really. She had to be hungover. But where was her headache? Maybe it was because she hadn’t opened her eyes yet. As if it would have been possible, Karenna briefly told herself that she would keep them closed for the remainder of the day. The only thing that kept her firmly grounded in reality was the fact that her bladder felt as though it was tearing apart. She was filled with a need to void her bladder, and fast.

“Hey, I think she’s finally up.”

“Hi” was the best Karenna could muster

“Hi Kar” One of her friends was talking to her. She couldn’t tell who.

Karenna shifted as she tried to adjust to her wakeful state and full bladder. That was when she first felt it. Her legs were wet. No! No! Not on Nia’s sleeping bag! I hope its sweat. Please be sweat. Karenna reached her hand behind her and was greeted with a freezing cold wetness as she dipped her hand into a puddle. Damn it! I’m so sorry girl! For the first time in a long time, Karenna was truly embarrassed and angry with herself for her incontinence. Had she been alone, or in her own bed, waking up to wet sheets and pajamas would have been a welcome surprise. But ruining her friends things was not. She opened her eyes, not giving a second thought to her potential headache anymore. She looked over at Nia.

“Nia, I-I…”

“You wet the bed. I know.”

“I-I swear I didn’t do it on purpose! I’ll-I’ll by you a new one, please believe me, I really didn’t mean to!”

Nia nodded, Karenna’s flustered state was enough proof that she hadn’t wet her bed with any forethought or malice.

“It’s ok Kar. You had plenty to drink. Mary-Ann and I should have said something. After all, you have the smallest bladder between the three of us.”

“Mmph, I still ruined your sleeping bag.”

“It can be replaced. In fact, we got it from a local store in town. I was planning on taking you girls for brunch today anyway, which I guess is lunch now. Why don’t we stop by after?”

“I-I promise I’ll get you a new one.”

“Thanks Kar.”

Turning to face Mary-Ann, Karenna looked at her boss. Mary-Ann was texting, her phone’s keyboard giving auditory feedback with every tap.

“Hey boss, I, um, I still have to go. Do- do you think I could?”

Mary-Ann looked up from her phone and at Karenna “That’s not my call.”

Karenna turned back over and kicked the blanket off, showing and accepting her accident for the first time that day. Her pajama bottoms had stayed wet throughout the night, owing their wetness to the puddle that they had been subjected to. The cold, wet pool at Karenna’s crotch had done the most damage to her and the sleeping bag, and from her new position on her back, Karenna saw it for the first time. She looked at Nia, her eyes repeating the question to her longtime friend

“You couldn’t do any more damage I guess.” She looked Karenna in the eyes and sighed. “It’s fine by me.” She paused, thinking about her words “Go ahead Kar. Pee your pants.”

In short order, the puddle in Karenna’s lap began to ripple and jostle. New liquid was being added. Karenna sweetly looked into Nia’s eyes, the one who had let her indulge.

“I’m going.”

“I can see that.”

Karenna’s body began to hiss as her morning pee escaped and rewet the soaked fabric that had clung to her for most of the night. The freezing cold puddle began to feel warm again, and the damp fleece of her bottoms was wet again. Each droplet that splattered off her pee stream clung to her thighs and the light color of her pajamas became transparent. The folds and lips of her womanhood were exposed as she went and the drenched, soggy fleece began to give her a camel toe. Karenna could smell her morning pee, yellow and concentrated from her dance with the liquor cabinet.

Both Nia and Mary-Ann were silent as they heard Karenna pee. Nia watched much more closely, while Mary-Ann kept her eyes on her phone. She had seen Karenna wet many times before, and felt as though the time should be between her and Nia. After all, it was Nia’s sleeping bag that Karenna had ruined.

“Finished?” Nia asked

“Just about. You should try it.”

“I’m good. But Mary-Ann and I were talking while you were asleep. I think you’ll be interested.”

“Oh?”

“Yeah, get cleaned up, leave the bag here. But Mary-Ann and I want to do a holding contest, which I’ll win of course. But what do you say we start as soon as we get dressed? We’ll go to lunch and get a new sleeping bag before we get back here.”

“But I just finished going. Aren’t you guys a little far ahead of me?”

“You need the handicap” Mary-Ann spoke up

Nia laughed “Yeah, it’s just not fair otherwise!”

Karenna smiled, basking in the light teasing “Don’t make fun of my little bladder! It’s just a little accident or two sometimes!”

The trio laughed and made their way out of the tent towards the house. Though it had been several hours since their pee break together, both Mary-Ann and Nia knew the real competition was between themselves.

Nia drove, she knew exactly where they were going. Her light designer jeans would show any stain, but that was not the reason she picked them out. They went well with her white top and matched perfectly with her skin tone. She wore them for good luck, knowing that Mary-Ann would not be an easy out. Part of her wondered if it was a good idea to have the ceremonial glass of water with the other two before they left, she was starting to feel it. But the other part of her wanted to show them both how dominant she was.

Mary-Ann began to think to herself that she should buy a new car soon. Perhaps not as expansive as the one Nia was driving them around in right now, but close to it. She picked a lose thread off of her black top and ran her hands down her legs as she sat in the passenger seat. The white jeans were the same pair that she had wet after her talk with Steven Warner. The ones that had been witness to Karenna’s first wetting. They had some value to her now. Not only as a symbol of what she and Karenna had, but also now for the fact that Nia was joining them. Mary-Ann wanted to win, but she wanted them all to have a good time first and foremost.

Karenna couldn’t believe that Nia owned a car of this value. It was worth more than the street they had grown up on. Hey, maybe you should be proud of your friend instead of worried about what she has. Look what Mary-Ann has too. You’ll get there. Karenna corrected herself for the little bit of jealously that she felt. The backseat was as comfortable as her bed at home, and Karenna liked the pillowy-soft leather. She had no grip however, and her dark jeans bunched and balled up along with her pink panties. She had picked her last pair of clean jeans.

As they hit the road just outside the gate, Nia asked a question that she had about herself.

“So, neither of you shared this with your partners, right?”

Mary-Ann shook her head. Karenna was quiet for a moment before she spoke

“I did.”

“Are you comfortable sharing?”

“What do you want to know?”

“I was thinking. This morning. I think Drew would really like this, but I don’t know. I want to do it in a way that he can appreciate too. I just don’t really know, you know, how to incorporate it.”

“What does he like?”

“Strong women. Like when I tell him to do stuff.”

“Ohhh!” Karenna could relate. She liked where this conversation was going “Can I overshare?”

“I think you’ve both shared enough for me. Sorry if I don’t really add much.” Mary-Ann added

“What? Just a little girl talk. You don’t think about these things?”

“I do! Just. I keep it to myself.”

“Well girl, what do you like? Getting slapped and your hair pulled?”

Karenna couldn’t help but get aroused at the thought of Mary-Ann using her body like that. The thought of Tyler mounting her was just as intriguing to Karenna as it must have been to Mary-Ann.

“No. Not really. I think sex is an intimate thing between two people and should be equal. There’s a give and take that should be respected.”

“Alright, have your virtue. Kar?”

“I like to have an accident and then be so embarrassed that I need to be commanded and told what to do.”

Nia blinked “Wow…that was…”

Mary-Ann finished the thought “Forthright.”

“You asked what I liked.”

“Yeah but…that’s so specific.” Nia tried to wrap her mind around it “So you're into that whole thing- I don’t think Drew goes that far, but-“

“I can relate to him though, I think we might like the same things.”

“I am not commanding my husband Kar. I won’t go that far. And I’m not about to tell him to piss on himself either.”

“So you’re saying that you want to be the one who does the wetting?”

“Yes. Yes I do.” Nia said confidently. Leaning into it for the first time. “It just seems so.-“

“Submissive?”

“Yeah.”

“Have you tried denial?”

“What?”

“It’d be hot to me at least, and maybe Drew, if you told him that he can’t have you unless he cleans your pants or he has to watch you do it…it doesn’t have to be over the top.”

“Is being embarrassed the main thing for you?”

“You know it girl! If I could just have one thing, I think I’d like to piss myself in front of like, a hundred people, and have them all taking pictures, and laughing…mmm…and the shock on their faces when I just can’t…mmmph.”

“Maybe Mary-Ann was right. I’d better cool down the conversation.” The group laughed awkwardly. Karenna toyed with it

“No, no, keep going. I like it.”

“Would second hand embarrassment work? What if he had to deal with his wife who had an accident?”

Karenna had her hands dug into her thighs. It was the only thing she could do to keep from rubbing herself

“Do you want to know what it’s doing to me?”

“No. But I have an idea.” Nia couldn’t help but feel aroused herself

“Can we get off of the sex talk. Please?” Mary-Ann was not amused in the slightest

“Fine. Thanks for answering my question Kar. I think I can work with this.”

The group returned to silence for much of the wooded travel, only speaking when they reached the onset of the little town. Each of the cozy shore-side buildings were a different shade of yellow, blue, pink or white as they dotted the terrain. The main street was slightly more compact, though none of the buildings were more than two stories. A long pier invited many different sailboats, fishing boats and speed boats to its docks. Street parking was limited, but gave the roads a compacted feel. Nia tucked the car through an alleyway and parked in a lot behind a row of buildings. The last before the downtown exit. As she shut the car off and slid out of the driver’s seat, Nia started to feel a familiar pinch in her bladder. Normally, she’d have led the group to the restaurant and used the bathroom there, but she had a different intent today. The girls knew it too.

The walk down the main road was longer than Mary-Ann had expected. While the small, local shops were cute and cozy, the dull ping of a filling bladder was ever present on her mind. Walking somewhat eased the warnings that her brain was receiving from her bladder. She looked at the sailboats. Watched them bob up and down with the gentle waves. It was memorizing, in its own way.

“You keep going any farther, you’re going to end up in the water!”

Mary-Ann had walked by the restaurant, caught up in the view of the lake. It was a small, family owned bistro, and Nia nearly had to duck to fit inside the small interior. The trio took their seat outside and waited to be served. The lake breeze brushing each of them lightly. Mary-Ann asked what everyone was getting as they browsed the menu

“I don’t know about you girls, but I’m thirsty. I’ll have a drink or three.” Nia was the first to speak

“Me too, do they have any specials?” Karenna asked

“These are big girl drinks Kar, not for you, you’ll pee.”

“I’m good at holding it!”

Nia laughed. Mary-Ann smiled behind the menu and spoke next.

“Nia, we’ve got to get back to running. I’m sticking with water, and you’ve got to stay in shape.”

“Oh, it’s the offseason! We’ll run tomorrow, I promise.”

“I’m not your mother, you can drink if you want. I just want to be sure you can afford payments on your car after we’re done.”

Nia smiled at the joke “I’ll be fine.”

The waiter came by shortly after and took each drink order. A water for Mary-Ann, a white wine for Nia and soda for Karenna.

“I thought you wanted a drink Kar?” Nia was surprised

“Eh, I really only like liquor, and I think I’m off of it for a while.”

“Yeah, why’d you insist on getting me into pajamas too?”

Karenna shrugged “Ask drunk Karenna. I wasn’t there.”

Mary-Ann and Nia laughed. The conversation remained light, the trio learned about the town from Nia and the topic moved on to sports. Mary-Ann found it easy to talk with Nia while Karenna stayed relatively quiet. It wasn’t long before their drinks arrived and the conversation continued after each girl had ordered. Nia sipped her wine while Mary-Ann gulped down her water and Karenna enjoyed her soda. The three went quiet for a while, the warm sun on each of their bodies. Nia ordered another water when the food arrived. Mary-Ann was on her second. Karenna had another soda and a water herself, feeling as though that would be enough for the contest. She couldn’t help but notice Mary-Ann’s crossed legs. Had she not known any better, it would have just looked like Mary-Ann was relaxing. But her flexing foot, which hung just off of her opposite thigh, was a subtle sign. Karenna knew what it meant. And it made lunch that much better.

“Ow!”

While the group was eating, Mary-Ann felt a sudden kick on her shin. Nia was tying to get her napkin back, which had blown off the table

“I’m so sorry Mary-Ann! I didn’t mean it!”

“It’s fine…” Mary-Ann rubbed her shin, each stoke putting pressure on her increasingly sensitive bladder. “Where’d you get those boots?”

“Right up there actually. We have to get Drew a new sleeping bag” Nia looked at Karenna. She intended it to be a friendly tease for Karenna

“I’m really sorry. I-I’ll buy you this one.” Karenna was genuinely upset. She didn’t mean to ruin Nia’s things

“No, Kar I was trying to tease you a bit. It’s fine. I actually believe that was an accident.”

“I promise it was.” Karenna took a sip of soda and followed it up with water. “Did you always have that necklace?”

“No. Drew sent it over, as a gift. We must have missed it last night when Kar was throwing her own party.”

Karenna smiled.

Nia continued “I have to read you girls the note he sent over. It was so precious!” She began to read the picture she took off of her phone.

“I know that I don’t always express my love to the fullest when we share our time together. Part of me worries each time that we part, that I was somehow not enough for you.” Nia’s voice cracked “I know this trip has been difficult for us both, but I want you to know that I love you. Thank you, for being my friend, confidant and lover. “

Nia couldn’t hold back her smile or her tears again. Mary-Ann smiled at the moment. Karenna batted her eyes, trying to stave off the emotion

“No matter what your family said or did to you, you stuck with me. Nothing that I can ever do or give will be enough to repay your boldness. There is only one word that can describe my feelings for you.” Nia took a sip of wine and a deep breath. “Isn’t that the most beautiful thing you’ve ever heard?”

Karenna began to squirm as she wiped her eyes. Feeling both emotion and the fullness of her bladder “Wow.” Was the best she could do

“Can-can I ask about the family thing?”

Nia dabbed her eyes with her napkin and finished her wine. Karenna jumped in

“I don’t think Nia’s comfortable with that.”

“If you don’t mind Mary-Ann…I just wish people could understand that we love each other even though we have different…heritages.”

“What does it say?” Karenna tried to change the subject

“It means love in Arabic.”

“Oh, so he’s-“ Mary-Ann was starting to get the picture

“Irish. I’m the one who cares about the Arabic.” Nia cut her off

Mary-Ann nodded her head and went back to eating her lunch. She was behind the other two, who had finished theirs and worked quickly to finish up. It was difficult to eat delicately and quickly, and doubly so with a heavy bladder. Subtilty, Mary-Ann put her hand against the crotch of her white jeans.

Despite the content of their conversation, the heavy air didn’t last long. Soon, Mary-Ann was done and the trio awaited their check. Karenna rubbed her legs together under the table. She knew she wasn’t going to win, but that wasn’t the point for her. The public wetting would come later that week, Karenna knew she couldn’t go now, but the idea of showing off her desperation in public was enough to sate her for now. As the group stood from the table, Karenna got a look at Mary-Ann’s predicament for the first time.

Her boss was the last to rise, exhaling as she did. Mary-Ann was hunched, hinging at the hips. Her legs slowly uncrossed as she stood. With another breath, she stood, fully erect. Karenna stood on one leg, the other crossed over and wiggled on the ball of her foot. Nia showed no signs of desperation outwardly.

Inwardly, Nia felt the gravity of her full bladder as it weighed her down. The pressure rested just inside of her abdomen and sat on top of her genitals. It was pleasant, nice. To some, she was sure it was painful, but to her, it was a reminder of her victory over herself. She could beat her own urges and her desires if she chose to, and despite her clearly squirming friends, Nia wasn’t going to do the same. She had worked hard to keep such movements in check, so that they wouldn’t be caught on TV interviews or post-game questions with the local media. She enjoyed the games that her friends had taught her, but she would not lose her hard won skill.

Mary-Ann was worried. Part of her worried that she was going to be the first one out. She knew the rules. Being out means that you wet your pants, and at this point, it would be in public. She had to hold on, at least for now. It was difficult. The water from lunch and the walking worked together to send waves of desperation throughout her body. She and Karenna were following Nia to their first stop, a small store that sold plenty of hunting gear.

An older man dressed in camo greeted them at the door, and he instantly recognized Nia. Both Karenna and Mary-Ann wondered to the back of the tightly packed shop. While he and Nia small talked, Karenna and Mary-Ann had their own discussion

“Don’t you think bears are cute boss?”

“Sure…mmpf…until one is trying to rip your face off.” Mary-Ann wiggled in her white jeans

“If one came after me, I’d pee.” Karenna giggled as she spoke

“Don’t-don’t say that word.”

“Hmmm…why not?” Karenna pursed her lips, knowing what she was doing

Mary-Ann looked her in the eyes as she bounced. She gripped her crotch and crossed her legs. Leaning into a subtle squat.

“Do I have to tell you?”

“I like hearing it.” Karenna gripped her jean legs as she spoke

Mary-Ann smiled. It was an easy task to make Karenna happy, but between them, it was like their own little secret. She whispered

“I have to pee.”

Karenna and Mary-Ann giggled again as Karenna started to march in place. There was no room to sit in the packed store, and she was attempting to hold it with her legs. As she marched, she spoke

“You remember that time at the office?”

Mary-Ann smiled and shook her head “Which one Kar?”

“Pick one I guess, but why can’t-“

“You girls like fishing?” The store owner had left Nia to pick out a sleeping bag and had wondered over to the corner where Mary-Ann and Karenna stood. Mary-Ann responded

“Um, my-my father did…yeah.” She tried to hide her movements

“See, I really like this rod here…”

As the man began to talk with Mary-Ann, Karenna extricated herself from the conversation and navigated her way to the other side of the store. The entire store was probably as large as her apartment, and making her way through the displays wasn’t easy. She was poked and caressed by hanging gear, products and assorted camo items. The only positive was that it was easy to find Nia. Karenna danced in the isle behind her for a moment. It wasn’t getting any easier to hold it. The pleasant pressure that accompanied a hold was starting to give way to the pain of an emergency. Karenna never wanted to wait that long. The scars of the beration that Sarah gave her were torn open when she reached that state. She had to at least warn Nia.

“Excuse me miss? Is there a bathroom around here?” Karenna put on her ditzy voice

Nia examined the store. The L-shape gave few corners to hide a bathroom in.

“You know I couldn’t let you lose like that Kar.”

“I know.” Karenna put her hand back into her crotch and bounced as she spoke “But it’s starting to not be all that fun anymore. I’m serious, if we take too long here, I’m just going to go.”

“Here?” Nia was concerned

“No, I’d go on the sidewalk, but I’m not holding it ‘till it hurts me.”

Nia shrugged “Suit yourself. But try to get home, alright?”

Karenna couldn’t guarantee that. Even as she was still trying to hold on, pangs of painful desperation battered her insides. She couldn’t understand how Nia didn’t feel anything yet. As Karenna again started to march in place she studied her friend. As Nia picked out a new sleeping bag, Karenna noticed something she never had before. Nia’s white tank top showed her belly ever so slightly. Her muscles bulged through her skin. Nia was clenched, tight. Karenna knew the effects of both wine and water were felt. Both she and her best friend needed to pee.

Mary-Ann was no different. The desire to urinate had taken precedent and she could only think of getting out of this conversation. What they were talking about, and what her responses were, were irrelevant. Her teeth were clenched and her breath was short. The dull ache of a full bladder had become the throbbing pain of an overflowing one. The man would not stop talking about fish, or fishing rods. He asked what her father used

“Uh…um…I-I-I have no…um…no idea.” Her foot ground into the floor as she rubbed her thighs together

“He’s probably an old school guy like me. But I got to tell you the new X-Sport J-2 just came in and they got this funky app that goes with it.”

“Fine. I’ll take it.”

The man’s eyes lit up. He carefully pulled the rod off of the display and handed it to her.

Mary-Ann was forced to hold the rod with both hands at first. Her desperation only increased as she could no longer hold herself. Leading her to the front counter, the man took his place behind the counter and charged Nia for the sleeping bag first. Mary-Ann stood behind her. Fishing rod in one hand, tender genitals in the other. She felt them burning, tingling with desire to open the floodgates. The pressure her bladder was forcing on her muscles was intense. She had to hold herself. It was a non-negotiable. At least until Nia moved in line. The oblivious, yet nice man couldn’t see her with her hand in her crotch.

Karenna had stopped thinking about her need. Her eyes were firmly planted on Mary-Ann’s swaying butt. She watched it clench with each contraction, and bend with every wave of desperation. Karenna shuffled next to Nia, and stood by the door, waiting for her boss to finish paying. The man was still telling her about the fishing rod.

“Yes, yes I-I’ll-b-be sur…Ah!” Her voice went up an octave “S-sure t-to tell him…about the app.”

The cash register dinged and the trio went outside, Mary-Ann following behind. Nia asked Mary-Ann a question as Karenna fell to the back of the group.

“That was an expensive gift. Is it his birthday?”

“My father’s-s been dead for four years. I really needed that conversation to end. I-I’m donating this.”

Nia’s eyebrows raised. It was an expensive way to get out of a conversation.

“Mmph…ow…”

The two friends turned around to look at Karenna. She was clutching herself tightly, rocking on the hinges of her hips. It hurt. Karenna looked her friends in the eyes as she felt the first leak escape into her panties. She was debating on turning it into a full soaking. Nia spoke, remembering the threat that Karenna had made in the store

“Kar, if you piss right now, you’re walking back, I’m not having your wet butt in my car.”

Karenna sighed and clamped down on her slowly tricking urine. Only her panties dampened.

“I don’t think-I don’t think we need to look for boots though boss. I-I think I can make it.”

“Kar. I really…I really like those boots. I-I would hate to miss out on them.”

“C’mon Kar, it won’t be that bad.” Nia prodded

“Ugh. You guys make this so difficult!”

Mary-Ann’s legs were squeezed together. One leg crossed over the other as she bent forward

“I-I’m in the same boat, Kar. But…please?”

“Hurry.” Karenna pleaded

The three turned back around to the street in front of them and began walking past a few more of the tightly packed buildings. The row of lakeside buildings stopped eventually, and the parking lot with Nia’s car was visible. There was one more building before the entrance to the lot, and that was the local shoe store. Before walking in, something else caught Nia’s eye.

“Hold on, pause. M-Mary-Ann. Are you w-“

Nia cut herself off and reached a hand underneath Mary-Ann’s butt, grabbing the top of her thigh. She gasped

“Mary-Ann, did you pee?”

Mary-Ann turned beet red.

“Y-yes. I-I had a-a little incident buying…” She held up her fishing pole “…this.”

“Kar, what do you think? Is she out?”

“If a little leak is all it takes, then I’m in the middle of losing right now.”

Karenna removed her hands to show a baseball-sized wet spot on the crotch of her jeans.

“Boss, if you go boot shopping now, I’m not going to make it. Honest.”

Mary-Ann wanted to go. But she didn’t want to hurt Karenna. Or the shop. If she made Karenna go, and she wet herself in the shop, it’d be Mary-Ann’s fault. She looked at Nia, who was finally showing some signs of desperation as she balled her fists over and over again.

“Could you take me tomorrow? I think Kar’s being seri-op! Sh-s-sh”

Mary-Ann shot her hands back into her crotch. She bent down, dropping her fishing pole onto the sidewalk. It was small, no bigger than the width of a pencil, but a small streak of pee shot down the inseam of Mary-Ann’s left leg and ran into her shoe.

“I-I think we sh-should go…”

Mary-Ann held on, but gingerly waddled back to the car.

Karenna held on as best she could, she had to hold it for the ride back, but the wetness that had been accumulating in her panties was only inviting more forwards. It was a burn, a pinch, a struggle to walk back to the car. She held it though, and put herself in the backseat while Mary-Ann and Nia put their items in the trunk. She exhaled and drew in deeper breaths. She had to hold it now. No other option. She could see Nia and Mary-Ann taking separate ways to the front two seats. Nia must have thought that she couldn’t be seen, because she showed her true colors just outside Karenna’s window.

Her legs quickly crossed, pretzelling one another, and Nia held both hands tightly to her crotch. She bobbed her body off of her knees and looked up at the blue sky with lips that read her exhale. Karenna had not seen Nia show this much desperation, in some way, it was a comfort. They were all dying to piss, not just her. While Karenna knew she couldn’t hope, or even want, to outduel both Mary-Ann and Nia, she was at least capable of holding her own. When she wanted to.

The initial ride out of the town was silent. Save for the labored breath of each of the women. For a moment, Karenna felt the intense pressure dissipate. When they reached the first stop sign out of town, it came roaring back. With force, her entire bladder pushed on her tightly clamped pee-hole. Karenna retaliated with her hands, but the moist, damp panties she was wearing betrayed her. She leaked. Then again. A third. She called out in syllables

“A-a-aa…”

“Kar? What- you ok?” Nia sounded concerned

Karenna managed to hold on. Her jeans were darkened anew. She hoped that the seat was untouched. She could only exclaim the first thing that came to her mind

“P-plea-please drive faster…I gotta go potty!”

It was juvenile, but the only word Karenna had left in her mind which was flooded by pee thoughts. Mary-Ann wasn’t listening. Nia was too desperate in her own right to tease

“Kar, I’ll be honest, I’ve got to piss so freaking badly right now. But please girl. My seat.” She looked at Mary-Ann, who was contorted in a strange position. “You too.” Mary-Ann nodded in response

Nia had done her best. Tried her hardest to win. Her abdomen was tight. Her gut was extended with her bladder full of pee. She had been trying to focus on driving but she ached for relief. Her desperation had mounted to the point where her driving speed had become inconsistent as her knees shifted to try and aid her muscles. Desperately she kept her eyes trained on the road, trying to drive her desperate self and desperate friends home. Time was moving slowly, and waves of desperation started to hit Nia harder. She bent forward as much as she could. Her seatbelt was pressing against her swollen bladder and only served to make matters worse. Taking her dominant hand off of the steering wheel, she rested her forearm over her crotch and dug her fist into her inner thigh. An unusual bid to relieve some of the pressure she felt, but it helped for a moment.

The car finally pulled up to the gate and Karenna began pounding on Nia's seat with her fist.

“Faster, faster, faster!”

“Kar. Please.”

“No, you. It’s coming. Please go faster!”

The gate only opened so fast, but Nia drove down the hill as soon as she could. Karenna was starting to whine.

“Mary-Ann. Help her hold it.”

“H-how?”

“Figure it out.”

All Mary-Ann could do was watch Karenna struggle. Her own white jeans glistened at the crotch again as she leaked. Watching Karenna was proving too much for her and she looked back out of the windshield to see the roundabout end to the driveway come into view. Nia parked the car and was the first out. Mary-Ann soon followed, leaking again. The patch at the crotch of her jeans was much more obvious than it had been before.

Karenna took her time getting out of the back seat. She tried to follow her friends down the path to the back of the house, but as she got to the edge of the driveway she felt another leak shoot through her panties. This time, she didn’t fight it. She did quite the opposite. Karenna pushed harder, and a familiar hiss ruptured through her labia. Her hands, which were still in place over her clenched pussy, instantly felt wet. Her crotch felt warm and comforting. Soon the feeling spread to her legs. 

A smile broke over Karenna’s face. She was desperately pissing her pants, her favorite activity. The seat of her pants felt warm, and as she began to soak the backs of her legs, the stream that ran down the inseam of her pants had started to reach her feet. With speed, her flowing piss created a puddle underneath her. As it poured over her feet and into her flats, it waterlogged them, and poured out onto the driveway puddle she now found herself in. Neither Nia nor Mary-Ann were watching, Karenna needed them to know.

“Hey guys? I told you I had to go potty!” She was able to make fun of herself again

Both Nia and Mary-Ann looked up at her, then simultaneously groaned. Mary-Ann got down into a squat, while Nia finally submitted to herself and crossed her legs. She stumbled as she held herself.

“Kar, I love you. But…please stop peeing!” Mary-Ann pleaded

“Boss, I can’t hold it anymore.” Karenna looked up at the sky, overcome with the endorphins of her act “I LOVE PEEING MY PANTS!” She shouted to the heavens

Nia took deep breaths. Her muscles were strained from holding her distended bladder, she shook with each contraction. She needed Mary-Ann to give in. Soon.

“Alright…M-Mary-Ann…give in. I-I can see you going right now…”

“I-i-its just a little leak…I can hold it.” Mary-Ann could no longer stand up straight

“Neither of you look like you can wait. Just go.” Karenna had walked up to the two of them. Her shoes squelching with every step

“N-no…I’m I-I’m dry…I c-can…Fuck! Sh-shi..NO!”

Nia grabbed her crotch with both hands, her legs were pointed so far inwards that her kneecaps nearly touched. She muttered curses to herself. Eventually she removed her hands, delicately. A large stain had developed on her light jeans. It was large enough to cover the front of her pants, but stopped before it reached her legs. Her brief loss of control had shot it upwards.

“I don’t think Nia…can w-wait any…longer…I-I think I won.” Mary-Ann stammered

“Just…just a leak. I don’t think…you can wait…look.”

Nia pointed to another thin streak that ran down Mary-Ann’s leg.

“Just lose already!” Mary-Ann sounded exasperated

“You lose!”

“You’re both going to lose. Now give up or you’re going to hurt yourselves!” Karenna spoke from her pulpit of pissed pants

To her, both Nia and Mary-Ann looked nearly pregnant. Their bladders stuck out, and they both shook with the strain of holding it. Neither was going to give in. Karenna had to find a way to make them give up. She looked around, and spotted something she could use by the shed.

Nia was on borrowed time as it was. She knew from her experience last night that once she leaked, it was over. It burned. Worse than any other workout. The now piss-damp crotch of her jeans beckoned more out of her. It rubbed the damp pubic hair of her panty-less body. She needed Mary-Ann to lose. Now. Drip. She felt it start. Drip. Another drop. Dri-BANG!

“Kar! What the hell?” Nia felt her legs and her jeans become impossibly warm. “You made me lose! I can’t hold this anymore!”

“No, no it’s ok.” Mary-Ann spoke in a low tone “I’m losing too.”

Nia looked at Mary-Ann. Light, wide streaks of streaming pee were jetting down her legs. The hiss that had vented itself out of Nia’s body covered for them both. Only countered by the splashing at Mary-Ann’s feet. Nia looked up at Karenna, who was wearing a wide smile and two 2X4s she had found. Karenna was happy to watch her friends piss themselves too.

Both Mary-Ann and Nia groaned in relief. As Nia was cradled by the warm sensations that tickled her lower body, she felt a rush of endorphins shake her entire figure. Her clit throbbed as much as her bladder had and she pulled her still soaking jeans against the folds of her pissing privates. The wet denim and warm pee created a cocktail of inviting emotions that ran through her body. She could hear the creation of her own puddle and the hiss of her pee, which had been pent up for hours. Her labored breath could only push one thought out.

“My favorite jeans. I'm having an accident in my favorite…oh fu-ah!”

An overflow of emotions blitzed Nia, and she began to shake violently. She sighed, she moaned. She hardly touched her hairy snatch. Nia came. Then came back down to earth.

She had stopped peeing. Mary-Ann had stopped. It was quiet. Karenna stared. Mouth open. Mary-Ann had laid down, and didn’t say a word. As Nia’s jeans dripped, it was awkward. Karenna dared to approach the subject.

“Nia…Did you just-“

“Y-yes…I-I’m sorry you had to see that.”

Karenna’s smile changed from one of amusement at her friends predicament, to a devilish, inquisitive grin.

“You like peeing your pants, don’t you Nia?” Karenna said slyly

“Leave her alone, Kar. Same thing happened to me.” Mary-Ann was still on her back, and spoke to the sky

Karenna was silent at the thought. The awkward silence fell again on the group of friends. Nia spoke up, her pants still dripping.

“Kar, can you get me a towel, please?”

Karenna walked off in a haze, dreaming about Mary-Ann masturbating in wet pants. When she rounded the corner, Nia asked Mary-Ann

“Did you really, or were you just saying that?”

“No. Really. The only thing I could think about all day was um…self-care. It’s normal.”

“I’m sorry you had to see that.”

“I didn’t see anything. I’m staring at the clouds. I need some time.”

“Then I’m sorry you heard that. It’s just…it’s just. Girl, can I be honest with you?”

“Aw, you called me girl. Please, be honest.” Mary-Ann’s white jeans were nearly transparent as they glistened again at the crotch. She was leaking again, and not bothering to hold it

“I love holding it. It didn’t matter if it was in my pants or naked. Holding it. In public. Girl it was unreal. I think…I think I would have…”

“Expressed yourself?”

Nia laughed “Yeah, even if I had won.”

Mary-Ann started to laugh “It’s my favorite part too. You should see me when I’m inspecting my properties.”

Karenna came back with a towel and Nia dabbed at her wet jeans. She put the towel on the ground and stood on it. Awaiting the flood that was contained in her boots. Mary-Ann stayed where she was, enjoying the good weather, wet pants and relief. Nia asked Karenna

“Can you help me get these boots off? They’re stuck.”

“Only if you say the magic words.”

“Pretty please?”

“No. Tell me that you like pissing your pants.”

“Fine. I like to piss my pants. Now will you help me?”

Karenna smiled and helped Nia get her boots off. Each one poured out additional pee onto the ground. Nia unzipped her fly and shimmied her jeans down to her ankles. She stopped.

“Need help?” Karenna guessed

“No. I’m…”

Another audible hiss broke free from Nia, and a pronged stream of piss flowed out of her and splashed vigorously into her pants, which were balled around her ankles.

“ahh…there was still more.”

Mary-Ann finally picked her head up

“Goodness, is she peeing again?”

“Yup. That’s. That’s a lot of pee.” Karenna watched intently

“Kar-I need another towel. I’m pissing on this one.”

She was. With little room to go, the new piss pooled at her feet and soaked the towel that Karenna had brought her. Karenna laughed and ran back towards the house. Nia continued to piss into her pants from above.

“Nia. I need a break for today. You know what? For being honest and open with me. I give you today.”

“Give me today?”

“You win our game for today. I’ll beat you tomorrow. But I don’t think I can pee for the rest of today. I’m dry.”

Nia’s second stream ended. She looked at the wet, lounging Mary-Ann.

“Thanks. But it’s easy to be honest around your friend. I like you boss-lady. I trust you.”

“I like you too Nia.”

As it had with Karenna, the desperate pee that Nia and Mary-Ann had shared propelled their friendship to new heights. It was one that Mary-Ann would come to value deeply in due time.

A/N: Wow! 9.5K words. I the next one will feature Cassie and Anna, as we'll check in on how they've been holding down the office. And it will be a little shorter word-wise. I know I promised @PeeHour and @LifeIsStrange

That they'd get their respective scenes in this one, but it would have just been too long. When Karenna, Mary-Ann and Nia return in 5.8, those scenes will be published

*145*2022-02-04 05:35

{{23 hours ago, orangelion said:

Awesome chapter, desperation is my favorite type of omo, though I do prefer it when nudity is involved. Sounds like Nia is starting to love omorashi and is having a great time with Karenna and Mary-Ann. It doesn't sound like they are good planners though with them having to leave early and barely making it. I like that Mary-Ann's mind was so full of pee that she thought the best way to get out of the conversation was to buy a fishing rod.

It's an interesting revelation that Nia has some attachments to Arabic. Does she have Arabic ancestry?

I do like Nia as a standalone character and would enjoy a couple chapters or scenes with her as a focus.

}}

The scene in the store was a fun one to write. especially since it was the first time in the chapter that a character leaked, which I really wanted to show for their desperation. I guess being desperate makes Karenna say the word potty and Mary-Ann buy fishing gear lol.

I was never intending to bring it up in the story, but Nia’s heritage is from North Africa. Tripoli to be exact. While she still wants to feel connected to her heritage, she isn’t nearly as extreme about it as some of her family members are. This is because of her Fathers military service and Mothers police force experience.

I have a couple of ideas for what she could do in her own staring role, but I am more than open to suggestions as well!

*147*2022-02-05 00:51

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

She gets home desperate, but Drew is in the shower. She tries to hold it, but leaks and is forced to pee somewhere. Drew exits the bathroom and finds her peeing.

}}

This one is my favorite. I’m going to be bringing back interludes after chapter 6, so it’ll appear then! You always have awesome suggestions!

{{9 hours ago, PeeHour said:

Another great installment! And I don't mind waiting either as long as we keep getting this amazing parts!

}}

Thanks! What’s your assessment of Nia as a character? I’d be happy to get your thoughts

*148*2022-02-06 09:32

A/N: I told you this one would be a little more manageable. So much so, I was able to finish it in a weekend! I want to thank @orangelion for their suggestion on the framework for this sub-chapter, and I was able to mesh that idea with my own. As always, question at the bottom, and feedback is not only appreciated but encouraged! Oh, and thanks @PeeHour for letting me borrow a character!

Chapter 5.7: The Student Becomes the Teacher

The cool spring air was downright cold inside the parking garage. Either the concrete or the lack of other vehicles made it worse. As Anna heard her car signal that it was locked behind her, she began her walk inside the office building. The sun had just started to break the grey clouds, an indication of just how early she was getting to work. As she unlocked the office, it was equally as quiet. She never could beat Mary-Ann to work, but this week, she had the early mornings to herself.

Sighing, Anna put her things down on her organized desk and turned on her work computer. Turning around, she took a long stare at the water fountain. She was thirsty. She was never not thirsty. But Anna hated the idea of drinking anything but the minimum that she had to. It’d come back with a vengeance, because it always did. Everyday, she was between the pit and the pendulum. Drink little and feel just as awful, or drink enough and risk having an accident. Anna decided to avoid quenching her thirst. She hadn’t gone yet that morning, despite her best efforts over the toilet at her apartment. She was on full alert, waiting for her bladders imminent call.

She made her way to the conference room. It was just light enough for the room to cast its morning shadows, but soon the glaring sun would point directly into the wide windows. Anna flicked on the light. Stepping into the room, she couldn’t help but take an account of the large table. It had been there as long or longer than she had been working for Mary-Ann, but it was a representation of her boss’s hard work. The revolving chairs, each black with a mesh seat, were expensive too. Anna stepped to the head of the table, hands on her hips. She wanted to be powerful. Strong. Like her boss. She wanted control. Control over herself, others. Control over something.

Reality broke Anna’s power fantasy. It was as though lightning had stuck her womanhood from her bladder. With the force of a full bladder, her insides suddenly felt heavy. They pressed down on her genitals, forcing her to grab herself and bend over, nearly in a full squat

“Ah! Ah! Ahhh! Owww!” Anna couldn't help but make noise

It was always sudden. All she had to do was survive the first shock, and she could make it. Anna’s panties didn’t always survive the first shock though.

This time, she wasn’t sure if she had, but the carpet was dry. It was a good sign. She felt moist, wet. That was a bad sign. Slowly, with the weight of her burdensome bladder weighing her down, Anna rose back to a standing position. She kept her hand firmly tucked in between her legs. Her bladder throbbed. She didn’t have much time before she burst. Walking as fast she could in heels, Anna made her way to the bathroom.

With the office empty, she was free to hold herself, and Anna took full advantage. She made soft moans and short breaths in an effort to stave off another embarrassing accident. Still, her bladder was no longer numb, and as full as it was, she knew she was moments away from embarrassment. Anna made her way down the hall and threw open the bathroom door. The bathroom smelled clean, the scent of lemon scented cleaner dominated the room. It was calming, in its own way. A signal to her brain that she had made it. With renewed strength, she flung open the stall door, banging it off the stall wall.

Her bladder was excited. Anna was hovering over a toilet. A device it got to use occasionally, and in its excitement, it began to release into Anna’s panties.

“N-no! Stop!” Anna commanded herself

Her bladder didn’t have to listen to her. It never had to listen to her. Despite her agitated moans and the frantic pulling up of her beige pencil skirt, Anna’s bladder fully relaxed into her black panties.

Still hovering over the toilet bowl in a half-squat, a clear stream of urine broke through Anna’s panties and flew into the water below, just barely reaching the edge of the water. Other excess flows of urine ran out of the sides of her panties and dripped off her inner thighs. In a rage over her predicament, Anna whipped her panties down to her kneecaps and continued to hover over the toilet. Angerly, she pushed and sprayed more hot piss out of her and into the toilet. She balled her hand into a fist and tapped her leg. She was mad, without a person to be mad at.

As Anna nosily pissed hard into the toilet, she dripped from her taint and thighs, which were all coated in pee from her brief wetting stint. Despite her bladder’s fullness, Anna finished rather quickly, owing her speed to how hard she was contracting her muscles. She stood, continuing to drip before she wiped, and balled up the used toilet paper in frustration. As she forcefully threw it into the yellowed toilet water, she pulled her panties to the floor and stepped out of them. They were wet. Too wet for her to keep on the rest of the day. She pulled her pencil skirt back down and flung the stall door back open forcefully, the toilet flushing behind her.

Stamping towards the exit, with her soiled panties in one hand, Anna stopped at the water fountain just outside the break room. She was still thirsty, and at this point it didn’t matter. She stopped for a drink. With each sip of the flowing water, her anger dissipated. In its place, emptiness filled the void. This was bound to happen. Anna almost always peed in her panties once or twice a week. She knew that, why would this week be any different? When she was done taking a drink, she kept the water on and rinsed her peed panties. When they were sufficiently drenched, Anna squeezed her hand, excess water and pee dripping out of them.

Walking out of the office, Anna made the journey back to her car. Opening her back door, she reached into a plastic bag that was always behind the passenger seat. A pair of spare black panties, socks, and even a pair of heels all occupied the old shopping bag. Everything that she could need for her inevitable wetting. At least this time, she only needed to swap her panties. She never wore any that weren’t black. With the safety of the open door, Anna slipped on the pair of extra panties in the garage. She sighed. It wasn’t even 7:30 and she had already tasted defeat.

Cassie sat in her car. It was almost 9, time for work. She was on time, something she had gotten better about, but she still sat in her car, in the parking garage, staring at her car’s clock. You don’t even deserve this job. Or the people you’re around. What do you ever do to help them? Or anyone? You’re a nepotistic piece of trash. Karenna doesn’t really like you. She tolerates you. Mary-Ann thinks your strange, and Anna…who the fuck knows? Cassie’s mind never shut up. It never let her free. Not unless she was working. Taking a deep breath, she pulled her flask out of her dress boot. Vodka. The only other thing that would quiet her mind. Smacking her lips together at the taste, Cassie was ready for work.

Anna sat at her desk, typing away an email that politely explained to the salesmen that they already had a point of sale system and that he needed to stop contacting the office. Her work was interrupted when the door opened to reveal a smiling Cassie. Holding two large cups of coffee in her hand, she spoke to Anna

“Look what Mrs. Claus brought you!” She handed one to Anna

“Oh…thanks, I-I really couldn’t.” Anna loved coffee. She hated what it did to her

“Nonsense. Here, lets talk.” Cassie led Anna to the conference room, not letting the secretary deny her gift

Each girl took a seat opposite one another at the conference room table. Anna was quiet, forcing Cassie to do the heavy lifting of the conversation

“So what are you doing this weekend?”

“Don’t know. Nothing, probably.”

“Cute girl like you has to have something going on. You and your other half aren’t doing anything?”

“Other half?”

“Your boyfriend.”

A sadness washed over Anna. She watched Cassie take another sip of her coffee. Instinctively, she took one herself

“I’m single.”

“Really? Huh. I figured a catch like you would have already been taken. I’m going clubbing tonight if you want to come with.”

Anna scolded herself for taking another sip of coffee. It was delicious.

“I-I couldn’t. I don’t think I should.”

“Oh…it’s not me, is it?” Cassie took a longer drink

“What? No! It-its me. I can’t.”

“Plans?”

“Um…yeah.”

“I thought you said you didn’t have any.”

Anna sighed and said forcefully “I just don’t want to go!” I’d end up pissing my pants again!

An awkward hush fell between them. Cassie was taking longer and longer drinks as her coffee cooled. Anna couldn’t help but take another sip. She scolded herself again. Cassie tried to converse again.

“So, I have that class today. Should be a fun four hours.”

Anna nodded

“Guess it beats losing my mortgage license though.” Cassie finished her coffee “Sorry you didn’t like the coffee. I just wanted to get to know you is all.”

“No. I’m…I’m sorry. It’s me.”

Cassie didn’t fully understand and wrinkled her brow. She stood.

“I’ve got to get on that class. Can you still forward me anything that comes though? It won’t take the whole day.”

Anna nodded. As Cassie left the conference room, Anna took another sip of coffee. She cursed herself, first for the coffee, and second for her situation. She wished her bladder let her have friends.

#################################################################

An hour had passed. The vodka she had taken and the coffee she had finished now sat in Cassie’s bladder. With the boring teacher going over regulations that she was already familiar with, there was little to occupy Cassie’s mind. Worse, she couldn’t stand or walk about the room. Each student was required to keep their webcam on, to ensure there was full attention. Cassie crossed her legs, her blue pencil skirt bunching as she did so. She untangled it and rocked her booted foot up and down over her other knee. Suddenly, Cassie felt a sharp pain as she kicked her desk with her foot by accident.

“Ow! Fuck!”

“Ms. Jefferson? Are you in any immediate danger or involved in a potentially harmful event?”

“Uh…no.” Cassie had left her microphone on. Embarrassed, she apologized

“Please refrain from using profane or otherwise unprofessional language in this learning session.”

“Yes. Sorry. Um…when are we getting a break by chance?”

“The scheduled break will be in approximately forty-five minutes. This was covered on page five of your handbook Ms. Jefferson.”

Who the hell reads that thing? Why was there a syllabus for a four hour continuing ed course anyway? Despite Cassie’s internal objections, she looked at the clock. It was ten. She was sure she could hold it for forty-five minutes.

Anna was enjoying the quiet. More or less because she had to, but she was also impressed by her bladder. Coffee was not something she had much, if at all, after her medical incident. She wasn’t sure how it would respond, but for the moment, Anna felt nothing. Her email rang with a notification. It was from Mary-Ann.

Internship program is a go. Can you follow up with the references on this resume ASAP? I’d like to have it in motion by the time I get back.

Anna clicked the attachment. The resume was for a Tori Franklin, a business student at a nearby collage. Interestingly enough, one of her listed references named a Keri Franklin. Anna wondered if there was a relation. It’s not your job to wonder. Its your job to make the calls. Anna dialed the number on the resume. One ring, two rings, three rings. Nothing. She left a voicemail. Sighing at lack of opportunity to cross something off of her to-do list, Anna had little time to figure out what to do next.

Unexpectedly, the office doors opened, and a sharply dressed redhead in a grey suit walked in.

“Can I help you?”

“Yeah, I’m here with the Cossack Insurance Group. I’m here to talk with Mary-Ann Adimari.”

“Do you hAv…e an appointment?” Anna felt it.

For the second time that day, Anna felt a sudden surge in her bladder. It was harsh, brutal. At least she was sitting down, but she knew she wouldn’t stay dry for long. She crossed her legs under her desk.

“Um…yeah. For 10:30.”

“T-today?”

Anna thanked her luck that the other woman couldn’t see what she was doing under the table. Both of her hands were jammed in between her crossed legs. They wouldn’t help all that much, and she knew it. But the desire to squirm and stay dry was causing her erratic movements. She wiggled in her seat.

“Yes. Today. That’s why I’m here.” The woman said sternly

“Well…” Anna exhaled. She began to rock in her seat “S-she’s…she’s on v-vaCAtion right…mpfh…now.”

“So she’s not here?”

“N-n-no.” Anna’s legs shook. She exhaled again

With her hands jammed into her crotch, Anna could feel her bladder sticking out through her blouse. It had to have been full for a while. It was full, inflamed, agitated. She had made it worse with her coffee and as she shook, fear enraptured her. Fear that she was about to pee at her desk. Fear that this woman was going to see her. Fear that she had scheduled an appointment on Mary-Ann’s vacation. Anna feared for many things, but though she shook and wiggled in her chair, she looked at Mary-Ann’s calendar. The was a silence between the two. All that could be heard was Anna’s quick short breaths, and the squeaking of her chair while she rocked back and forth.

“Um…do you…need a restroom break or something?” The woman asked condescendingly

“N-n-n-no…no…its…its cold in…here.”

The quiet returned. Somewhat. Anna’s desperation filled the void. Mary-Ann’s calendar was blank. Though her mind was only focused on holding her abusive bladder in check, her skill at her job took over. Red flags went off. This woman was a door to door saleswoman. Anna, despite her desperation, was still paid to shoo these people away.

“I-I-I don’t s-see you…on her c-calendar. W-who are you w-w-with?”

“Cossack insurance group.”

“C-can y-you just l-lea…leave you-your card?”

“Will you give it to her?”

Anna nodded, nearly too desperate for words. Gingerly, and with extreme caution, she rose to her feet. It was a trick she had learned. Her body language would subconsciously tell the saleswoman to leave. She managed to stay dry, but there was no way that she could take her hand off of her crotch. Her beige pencil skirt was pressed right up against her spare underwear. With her free hand, she shook the saleswoman’s hand and took her card. It worked. The other woman started to leave. As soon as she got to the doors, Anna felt it.

Her hand started to warm. It got hot as she tried to clench her feet together. She could feel the hot liquid. The impression of her flow out of her womanhood began to wet her panties and the front of her skirt. The plastic pad, which protected her chair from making impressions on the carpet rang out with the pattering of her pee droplets. Anna barely stopped the leak. The saleswoman turned around just before heading out the door. Anna hoped she would leave as a second leak started.

The woman had to know that Anna had to pee. Worse still, she knew what she had heard. Anna was angry. Perhaps she should have been embarrassed, but it wouldn’t be the first time that someone had seen her in this state. As the woman shut the office doors behind her, Anna felt more urine drop from her privates.

“Ah! N-n-no! N-n-n-no!

More than just a little leak, a fast, hard jet of urine ran through her panties and her skirt. Anna felt her hand get wet as the pad below her bounced more of her urine off of its surface. Bending forward to the point where her chin nearly touched her desk, Anna was able to wrangle back control of her disobedient bladder. Guardedly, she dropped her skirt from her hands. A large, dark stain had made its home on the front of her skirt. It was unmistakable to anyone. It was pee. Angry at the world, Anna slammed her fist down on her desk. Her monitor went dark. Panicking, she knew she’d have to fix it before she could relieve herself.

“T-t-t-t-ten f-forty.” Cassie hissed under her breath

“Excuse me Ms. Jefferson?” The boring teacher asked

I have to piss. I have to piss. I have to piss. Let me go. Let me go!

“I-I…I do-don’t know…I’m s-sorry.”

“Please refrain from watching the clock.”

Cassie’s white blouse, which she typically wore to accent her breasts, had nearly burst a button. The bottom struggled to hide her inflated abdomen. Each side of her filled bladder pounded her snatch with excess coffee and vodka that she had poured into it. Cassie felt hot, sweaty. She held her breath. She groaned. She tried to stay quiet and discreet, but she wasn’t sure she could for much longer. Time was ticking towards their break, but not close enough. Cassie shifted. She took an unnatural position on her chair, straddling it, so that her bare minge rubbed the mesh and her skirt’s fabric. She leaned forward, her panty-less pussy rubbed the back of her blue skirt. Cassie could hardly think straight. It was 10:42.

She felt something. It tickled her walls. She knew it passed her piercing. Cassie swiped her on her skirt underneath her. She had peed on the it. Just a little, enough to begin to darken the back of her skirt. Her bladder kicked again, rushing more warm liquid towards her opening. Cassie rubbed against the fabric and the mesh of the chair. It was a slight sexual stimulation, enough to halt her pee. A minute had yet to pass. Breathe. Cassie exhaled. Another spurt. This one was a trickle. It was passing through her pussy without her permission. She didn’t want to pee. She wanted to hold it. Her pee slowed. Then a jet of hot urine squirted its way out of her. It wet the back of her skirt again. A dark stain was quite obvious as the clock hit 10:43.

A shaking, trembling Anna finally saw her monitor turn back on. A lose wire. She could finally pee. The phone rang. No! Not now, not here! It was Keri Franklin, calling back. She had to take it. Anna knew this would be the final straw. Wincing, she grabbed the landline, she was still standing in front of her desk.

“H-hel-hello. Pax Am-Americana-a Mortgage. Th-this is-s Anna. I can-can help you.”

“Hi, this is Keri Franklin. You had called looking for a reference for Tori.”

“Y-yes…hi…”

Anna looked down as she felt her panties warm again. She thought it was over. Looking up, she saw her coffee cup on her desk. Thank you Cassie! Anna grabbed it as pee began to fall into her panties

“I understand that its probably a bit strange that I’m listed as a reference on Tori’s resume.”

Keri was speaking, but Anna swiped her cup off her desk and opened the top. It was still over half full of cold coffee. Putting the receiver under her chin, Anna then pulled her panties to the side. Placing the cup under her, she started to pee in the office.

“…and Tori’s spreadsheet helped cut costs by over 20%. So even though she’s been in school for over a year now, her work is still saving our department huge amounts of money!”

“Wow…20%...”

Anna wasn’t really listening. She was watching the coffee rise to the top as the cup filled with pee. Within seconds, it was too full, and she felt no relief.

“Ah!...no, no, no…no!”

Coffee and pee were spilling out onto the plastic pad below her. Anna gingerly put the cup back on the desk as she attempted to cut off her flow. It stopped for a moment. Then another flow rocketed out of her and sprayed the pad below her.

Cassie was eyeing her trash can. It seemed like the only thing that could save her from an accident. She reached for it as she lost another jet of pee.

“Mrs. Jefferson?” The instructor called on her.

“Um…was th-that the Banking A-act of-f 19…68?”

“Good. I’m glad you were paying attention. I think you’ve all earned that break now.”

“Thank fuck!” Cassie exclaimed as she bolted out of her chair.

Anna had to go. She had to leave this conversation.

"I-I hate to be rude...Ms...ms.F-Franklin, b-but I need to-to leave”

"Oh, Anna dear, you sound so anxious. Wouldn't the world be a much better place if we could just…” it sounded like Keri was frying chicken. At least Anna hoped Ms. Franklin wasn’t peeing while talking with her.“...Go, whenever we needed to?"

"Y-yes. Ms. Franklin...I-I'll t-t-tell M-Mary-Ann I...spoke w-w-with you."

Anna hung up and held on, summoning the last of her strength. She started to walk towards the bathroom, when Cassie nearly knocked her down. She was running, hands jammed in her crotch. Anna knew where she was going, and couldn’t bear the idea of losing control now. She ran after her colleague.

“Cassie, it’s an emergency! Please!” Anna followed her into the bathroom

She caught Cassie just before the other girl entered the stall. Both business women had their hands buried deep into their crotches. Cassie removed hers to open the stall as she stared Anna down. Anna begged.

“C-c-Cassie…please. I-I’ve already st-started t-to p-“

Suddenly, the white bathroom tile began to splatter. Cassie was expelling urine onto the floor

“S-sorry!” She ducked into the stall

“N-no! Ca-Cassie!” Anna ran to the door, but it was too late

Cassie didn’t stop peeing as she opened the toilet and sat herself down. Finally able to relax, she let her guard down fully. With a sigh, her pierced pussy began to hiss with the force of a full bladder that had won. She closed her eyes and leaned forward. She had won.

“H-here it comes…” Anna said quietly

Cassie hardly registered what Anna had said until she saw the tile in front of the stall door splatter, and a puddle begin to form. Oh good. She got to pee too. Wait. That means. Oh shit, she’s pissing herself! Clamping her own flow, Cassie leaned off of the toilet and opened the door.

Anna was standing in front of the door. A wet patch from earlier stained her skirt and a new flow of urine was pouring out of her and onto the floor.

“Oh no, Anna! We-we can share!”

Without waiting for a response, Cassie lunged for the still peeing Anna and took her by the arms into the stall. Anna was still peeing in her panties as Cassie positioned her in front of the toilet. Her own genitals burned with the desire to relieve her bladder. Cassie had to be quick.

While Anna peed in front of the toilet, Cassie lifted up her colleagues skirt without saying a word, reviling the glistening, wet black panties underneath. Cassie pulled them aside, staring at Anna’s still pissing snatch.

“Here, hold…f-shit!”

Cassie couldn’t hold it anymore. Her piss rocketed out from her and sprayed forward, over the toilet and onto the floor. It started a new puddle just behind Anna. Still, the other girl now held her panties to the side. Cassie pulled her closer, positioning her just in front of the toilet. Cassie lightly put her free hand on Anna’s butt, while both women still peed.

“Move your…there…made it…”

Anna’s pee stream now connected to the toilet, and Cassie angled herself back over the bowl. Their streams crossed just inside the edge of the bowl and splattered excess pee everywhere. The bowl, their legs, even the stall walls. Sighing, Cassie finally spoke

“I guess this is my fault for giving us all that coffee. We both really had to go, huh?” Cassie noted the power of both streams

Anna’s mouth was agape, unable to comprehend what just happened. She stayed quiet. Cassie tried to speak again

“We made it through…mostly. I’m sorry I cut you off. I really couldn’t wait any longer.”

Still quiet. The only sound was the end of both streams. Both girls were finally empty, their bladders satisfied. The dripping sound of two piss covered pussies was all that remained of the once mighty storm. Cassie sighed. Anna was still quiet. She started to pull her only pair of panties back over herself.

“Oh, no, no, Anna. You soaked those good. Here.”

Cassie unrolled a few sheets of toilet paper and wiped herself. She took the remaining few squares and cleaned Anna’s snatch, much to the other girls surprise. As Cassie tossed the used paper into the toilet, she explained.

“You’ll get some kind of infection if you keep those on all day. Just toss them. It’s ok. I don’t wear ‘em anyway. It can be our little secret.”

Without saying a word, Anna stepped out of her spare pair of panties, now soiled. Cassie pulled her skirt back down for her. Ignoring the obvious pee stain on the front of Anna’s skirt, she tried to reassure her colleague.

“Mary-Ann doesn’t need to know that two of her employees are a little…exposed…does she?”

Anna smiled and shook her head. Cassie continued.

“Now.” She pointed “We peed…all over her floor. Like I said, she doesn’t have to know. We probably shouldn’t call a janitor. This is kind of my fault for all that coffee. I’ll clean this up.”

She looked at Anna. ”You have the key to the maintenance closet, right?”

Anna nodded

“Just leave it on my desk.” Cassie flushed the toilet “Whew. We needed that, huh?”

“T-thank you…” Anna said weakly

Cassie smiled. She had done good.

##################################################################

After her class had finished, Cassie hopped on her phone. She paced back and forth as she texted. As Anna walked towards the open door to her office, she noticed the stain on the butt of Cassie’s skirt for the first time. She hadn’t realized how close her colleague had been to an accident. In a way, it made her feel better about hers. Anna dropped the key to the maintenance closet on Cassie’s desk. The other girl smiled.

“There’s the other member of the no-panty club. Not bad, right?”

Anna had thought about it. She couldn’t risk wetting her panties, if she didn’t wear them. Cassie had shown her something. For the first time in a long time, Anna had her day brightened. She smiled shyly

“Not bad.”

Neither girl had any reason to acknowledge the obvious pee-stained skirts they wore. Throughout the day, they both dried slowly. When Anna needed something from Cassie, her stain on the front of her skirt was obvious. If Cassie needed something from Anna at her desk, it wasn’t hard to see her stained skirt when she turned around. Should anyone else have entered the office that day, it would have been obvious that the girls had peed. But it was just them, and no one had to know about their little secrets.

A/N: In our second full feature of Anna, what do you think? We finally get inside her head, and I don't think its as enjoyable as Karenna, or Mary-Ann's. Would love to know your thoughts on the interaction with Cassie too, personally, I loved writing this chapter. It took me a while to find a spot for Anna as a character, but I think I'm going to have her be a desperate secretary that has to find unique ways of relieving herself. Especially after she joined the no-panty club with Cassie. Speaking of Cassie, I think her profanity is kind of funny. Do you too, or do you find it annoying?

*150*2022-02-06 18:43

{{48 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I find Cassie pretty funny and enjoyable.

}}

I think what makes unique is the fact that she is the only one that cusses on a regular basis lol

*152*2022-02-07 03:19

{{7 hours ago, orangelion said:

I enjoy Anna as a character, she may not be as fun as the others, but she still brings something different to the group. I also loved her interaction with Cassie, her more timid and reserved personality contrasts well against Cassie's more outgoing personality. Perhaps Cassie can get her to loosen up a bit?

I have to say, I do love the idea of having a desperate panty-less secretary that is forced to relief herself in unique ways.

As for Cassie, while I don't really find her profanity funny, I do think it adds to her character and shows that she isn't as well-mannered as the others.

}}

I guess it’s not that I hate or don’t find her as fun, but she’s just not as happy-go-lucky. I think for whatever reason, she and Cassie are actually a good pairing. Like Mary-Ann and Nia, this chapter has been a good insight on interesting pairings. The problem with Cassie loosening her up is that it seems difficult to do outside the office, while Anna is especially timid because of her condition. Though that might improve if she stays in the no-panty club.

I’m glad at the very least, that Cassie isn’t annoying in her profanity. This question is for anyone, has Cassie finally won you over as a character?

