Mavis Dracula Desperation

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-05-27 00:14

It was still day. Mavis and Johnny were visiting Johnny's parents. They were driving car for few hours already. Mavis was wearing black, thight shirt and black tight leggings with dark purple straps. She was also wearing small black panties with pink heart on them in place of vagina. They were talking and laughting a lot during that travell.

- We've been in car for few hours already, don't you have to pee? - Johnny asked Mavis.

- Oh, we vampires have very big bladders. I can hold it all day without going to pee in the morning. - Answered Mavis.

- That's cool. Have you ever peed yourself? - Asked Johnny.

- Oh, not really. I was once about to, but I've never peed myself. - Answered Mavis blushing.

After 2 hours it was dark outside. The fuel was low, so Johnny stopped at the nearest fuel station. After getting fuel, Johnny went to paid and drove car few meters away.

- Let's go inside and eat something - He said. Mavis agreed, she was very hungry by now. Before getting food Johnny went to toilet.

- Can you order 2 large hotdogs for me and 2 big glasses of that pink weird looking liquid? - Mavis asked Johnny when he went out of toilet.

- Oh, that's shake. It's tastes really good. - Said Johnny and ordered 2 big glasses of pink shake, 3 large hot dogs, one for him and 2 for Mavis. After 10 minutes they got their order done. Mavis ate her hot dogs pretty fast, and drank one shake.

- It's amaaaazing! - She said and drank another glass in few seconds.

- Wait, you can get brain freeze! - Johnny warned Mavis, who began to laught.

- We vampires don't have brain-freeze. - She said.

When they were about to leave, Mavis noticed that there were 7 other shake flavours!

- Johnny, can I have quarter glass of every flavour? - Asked Mavis.

- Okay - Johnny answered and bought her what she wanted. Mavis drank every glass in 3 minutes.

- It was amazing! - Mavis yelled.

- Mavis, do you have to pee? We won't stop until reaching my parents' house. - Johnny asked.

- I don't have to. - answered Mavis.

- Are you sure? We have 8 hours until getting to my parents' house. You should go to toilet. - Said Johnny.

- Okay, okay if you want me to go then I'll go - Said Mavis and went to restroom. She went to toilet, but haven't used it. She just stood here for 2 minutes, so Johnny would think that she have emptied her bladder. She didn't knew why she has done that. Maybe just to test her bladder. She haven't feel any urge yet.

- Okay, let's go! - Mavis said to Johnny after getting out of restroom.

After 2 hours of travell, Mavis started to feel little urge. It was nothing she had to worry about. "I can surely hold it, can't I?" - She thought. Hour after that, Mavis started to think if it was good idea to not pee in that fuel station. Her urge was now a little bigger, which worried her. Usually she was going to toilet at this point. After one more hour Johnny said:

- Four more hours left! We'll be passing some nice waterfalls in 20 minutes!

Information about waterfalls has worried Mavis. They were always making her leak few droplets when she was little. While they were passing them, she crossed her legs tightly and put hand on her crotch. Johnny noticed that and asked:

- Is everything alright?

- Yes... Waterfalls just always made me leak when I were little. - She said and blushed.

- Quite understandable... All that water dropping with hissing sound as you were peeing. - Said Johnny.

- Can we change topic? - Mavis asked. Her urge grew, and saying how waterfalls acted was just making it worse.

After 40 minutes Mavis' urge grew a lot. She really had to go. She wasn't sure if she'll made it until reaching Johnny's parents house. She tried not to show her desperation. The only thing was changing position pretty often. After 20 minutes Johnny stopped car and got two 2l bottles of water from backsits. Mavis ignoring her urge drank 3/4 of the bottle in 3 minutes. Johnny drank only 1/4 of the bottle.

- 2 hour, 30 minutes left! - Said Johnny when he started car.

After 30 minutes Mavis felt effect of water which she drank. Her urge was now pretty big. She was tightly crossing her legs all the time now. After 30 more minutes she was holding her crotch with one hand. Johnny was very tired now, and haven't spotted that. After another 30 minutes Mavis was holding her crotch with her both hands, one under her leggings.

- When we'll be there? - Mavis asked.

- In one more hour. - Johnny replied and looked at Mavis. - Do you have to pee? - he asked her.

- Just a bit - Said Mavis. It was far from truth. In fact she was at point, where she could pee herself any minute. 10 minutes later Mavis felt few droplets of pee going in her panties. Her face gone red.

- Somwthing happened? - Asked Johnny.

- I just leaked a bit - Said Mavis.

- Do you want to stop in bushes to pee? - Asked Johnny.

- I don't like peeing outside. - Replied Mavis.

After 5 minutes Mavis leaked again. Now there was visible small wet spot on her leggings, as big as golf ball. She has put her hand under her panties now. After 3 minutes car bounced. It made her leak, now the spot was as big as tennis ball. After a while she leaked for 7 seconds. She could feel her whole panties becoming wet and hot. She liked that feeling. She could feel stream running down her leg to feets. After 4 minutes, during which Mavis leaked few times, she started to pee herself completly. Her whole leggings were now transparent from wetness. She couldn't stop that. Her seat was soaked. By that relief she started to moan, and got orgasm. Johnny just watched her peeing for 5 minutes.

- Please don't tell Drac about that... - said Mavis, and went to get towel and clothes for change.

