I Think my Boss Needs to Pee: Rewetting

Author: knockonthedoor

*000*2023-08-25 04:07

A/N: As some of you may recall, in the fall of 2021, I started a story called "I think my boss needs to pee". What was originally going to be just two stories quickly grew to a great number, and encouraged me to write more and more. There was just one problem. When I looked back over my work, I came to realize that I didn't like how somethings turned out, and I wanted another shot at it. So I rewrote the first two chapters and have many more planned out this time. New characters, new backstories, and bolder interactions. I am keeping the original up for posterity, but this new thread is the only cannon story. Updates will be slow, but they will be worked on. Some of the tags relate to later parts. As always, feedback is not only encouraged but appreciated.

Chapter 1.1

Mary-Ann laid still for a moment. Her morning alarm was blaring into her eardrums, but every muscle in her body wanted to stay in bed until she drifted back into sleep. She couldn't. She wouldn't. Today was the biggest day of her young career, and she'd be damned if she would oversleep today. She gingerly sat up, and switched off her alarm.

Still in the dark, she stood. Guided by instinct, she shuffled towards the wall. Feeling around for the light switch made 4:30 feel like the darkest hour of the morning. She blinked rapidly in an attempt to adjust her eyes to the dark and took her long t-shirt off as she entered her bathroom. She tossed it in an opposite corner of the room and walked towards her toilet. Before she relived herself for the morning, she turned the shower on to let the water warm.

Opening the toilet lid and quickly dropping her pink panties to the floor, she sat on the toilet, still groggy.

Yawning, Mary-Ann started to pee. The sound of her slow stream hitting the toilet water was drowned out by rushing shower water, and she begun to twirl her shoulder length blonde hair. Today was going to be her arrival. The finale of nearly three years of arduous work. She had gone from drifting between office jobs and secretarial roles, barista and bartender, but now she finally found her calling. She was a mortgage officer, and now was one of the top in the nation.

Soon, her steady flow of urine began to arc back towards her pussy, wetting her lips with the excess flow. In a moment, Mary-Ann was done. She sat and dripped as she thought about her tasks for the day. She had been aggressive in the real estate market, flipping houses and even buying her first rental property last year. However, the income earned from the small complex was hardly worth the constant calls. At first, the tenants would call her directly as the previous owner had neglected the apartments. The calls never stopped, at all hours of the day and night, rodents, water heaters, showers and more had been replaced, repelled and repaired. She had hired a property manager to take the calls off of her plate, but whenever an issue arose, her manager would call her before making a move, which delayed solutions and got in the way of her tenants' lives.

Mary-Ann flushed and stepped into the shower. She'd clean the pee off of her privates with the showerhead. Once finished, she lathered her c-cup breasts and washed her body, mentally preparing for the biggest meeting of her life. A chance to own her own mortgage company lay ahead of her, it was the pearl of her life. The 10 and 12-hour days, the early months of being commission-only, when she made less than minimum wage; it was all about to pay off. This last meeting was all that was in the way.

Taking the time to fantasize about her life before her, it took a while before Mary-Ann stopped the water flow and stepped out of the shower. Drying her 5' 10" frame was not an arduous task, but Mary-Ann was sure it took longer than most girls. She packed her gym clothes; a gray pair of spandex and a white top, and her office clothes. She quickly made her hair into a ponytail, walked her to the kitchen to fill her water bottle and left.

###

Karenna Bryant awoke, smacking her dry lips together. The sheets and the bed were cheap, but comfortable. What was strange to her, was the amount of light in the small apartment. It should have been darker than this. She looked over to the alarm clock. Seven. She was late. Very late.

Damn it! Not today! Shit, shit!

She contemplated skipping her shower that morning. But she hadn't showered yesterday either. She'd have to clean herself even just a bit. Today was her bosses big day, and potentially a massive boost for her career as well. Today was not the day to be late.

A quick shower still took her too long. With little time to do her makeup, she was forced to forgo her routine morning pee. As soon as she was dressed in her grey suit pants, black belt and white blouse, Karenna was nearly out the door. Before exiting her small apartment, she grabbed a plastic water bottle from the refrigerator. Needing to beat Mary-Ann to work, she darted out the door, her heels clicking on the cement walkway outside her apartment. As she made her way to her car, Karenna regretted her haste. Her bladder was already asking for relief.

###

What took Mary-Ann a moment was the process of applying professional makeup in a gym bathroom. Normally, she would have applied it at the office or at home on her non-workout days, but because this meeting started right 9, she had to change here. She had changed her panties, which were now a deep purple, and she pulled her pantyhose over them. A beige pencil skirt that dropped to her knees and a white blouse hid under her short blazer. After putting on her black heels, she admired herself in the mirror and remade her blonde hair into a low-professional bun.

Her watch read seven-thirty, plenty of time to visit her favorite local coffee shop. It didn't take her long to get there, and she finished her second water from her tin water bottle. Two had been downed since her workout.

The first scent that hit her was one of her favorites- fresh roasted coffee, and a lot of it. The morning rush appeared to have dwindled. All that was left were the amateur writers and college students. Mary-Ann walked right up to the counter with no line. The barista recognized her immediately.

Hanna was always so sweet and friendly, her small stature made it appear as though Mary-Ann was much taller than she actually was. Her blue eyes met Mary-Ann’s green and their smiles were matched.

"Mary-Ann! Can I get you the usual? Cute top by the way".

Hanna seemed much more energetic than usual, she swayed from one foot to the other and bent her knees ever so often. While certainly not unwelcome to see such energy and vigor so early in the day, it was a bit out of character for the usually reserved girl.

"Aw, thank you! Yeah, I'll have the usual. Had your coffee today?" Mary-Ann smiled wider; she was always happy to see others so gleeful.

"Just been standing a while."

Hanna turned towards the cappuccino machine to start Mary-Ann's order and crossed her legs. They were clad in light jeans. She put both hands on the machine's table and continued to bounce her knees. She looked a little sick and Mary-Ann couldn't help but worry. As the cappuccino machine's noise rang throughout the shop, Mary-Ann spoke up.

"Are you sure you're alright?"

Hanna turned back toward Mary-Ann; her light brown barista apron was bunched around her crotch. She smiled, forcibly, and tried to talk over the end of the machine's cycle.

"Uh...yeah. I'm doing ok" Hanna crossed her legs again, and grabbed Mary-Ann's order. Mary-Ann took her wallet out of her purse and prepared to pay. As Hanna walked back up to the register she put Mary-Ann's order down and read her the total. Hanna sheepishly looked behind Mary-Ann, and upon seeing there was no one behind she whispered.

"I'm really sorry but we're a little understaffed right now; and I really...really need to pee." As she got to the second "really" she bent her knees down again.

As Mary-Ann heard the word pee, she felt a sympathetic twinge in her own bladder and felt terrible for the girl behind the counter.

"I can wait a moment if you need to run- "

"No! No, if that's all your getting, I'll ring you out" Hanna interrupted her a bit loudly.

Mary-Ann paid with her card and put a twenty in the tip jar. She felt sorry for the poor girl, but there wasn't much she could do except give her a generous tip and leave the girl to hopefully find relief, with a lull in customers

"H-have a nice... day" Hanna weakly called to her.

Mary-Ann briefly turned and waved to her before heading out the door, back to her car.

###

The ride to the office was short, but as Mary-Ann pulled into a parking spot opposite the office doors, she felt her bladder give her another dull warning, but this time, it didn't leave; the two morning bottles of gym water had started to collect in her bladder and the cappuccino wasn't helping. As Mary-Ann entered her office doors, she was greeted by her protégé Karenna.

"Hey boss, meeting room's ready." Karenna was an average built black woman, but she had accented her shoulder-length, straight black hair with dyed-red tips.

Unaware of Karenna’s own desperation, Mary-Ann secretly wished the 23-year-old had been a little late. Their typical morning briefs would lead right up to nine o-clock, and if the room and Karenna were already good to go, she wouldn't be able to stop by their single person bathroom. Mary-Ann could only hope she would have time to relieve herself before her meeting.

Karenna stood up from her desk and pressed down her grey suit pants. She gathered her notepad and filed in behind her boss into the small conference room. Before sitting down, she put down her things on the conference table and wiped a bit of fuzz off of her grey suit coat. Mary-Ann didn't need to know that Karenna had gotten there just minutes before and she still hadn't emptied her bladder, which she had now been nursing since she woke up. But the meeting in which she was mostly presenting didn't faze her. She had been in this position for eight months now, and she wasn't about to let her growing need interrupt such a tight schedule, especially today. She sat down at the conference table and Mary-Ann stepped up to the awaiting projector. A list of clients appeared on the screen as the projector adjusted itself.

"Where do we stand on these?" Mary-Ann started

"Jones and Richardson both are looking like they'll get underwritten today. I think we'll have issues with Wyatt though. They might have given us some bad info on the underwriting paperwork." As Karenna went into detail about each of the active clients, Mary-Ann discreetly crossed her legs and put her back to the wall. This action went unnoticed by Karenna, who had her own thighs pressed against each other.

The two women continued to review the second page of active clients, and as they discussed a peculiar case in which the client had provided their proof of income from a job they left two weeks prior, Karenna felt her first serious wave of desperate pressure press against the walls of her shaved pussy. The additional effort that it took for her to hold her filled bladder caused her to hesitate mid-sentence

"I can make that...mmhf...call today"

Despite her growing desperation, Karenna was determined not to ask for a break. If this meeting dragged on too long, she could delay Mary-Ann, she wasn't about to do that. The only thing she was hoping for is that Mary-Ann didn't notice her situation. As she crossed her legs and subtly placed a hand against her crotch, Karenna finally admitted to herself,

I need to pee

Mary-Ann was also growing acutely aware of her own situation, and had begun to sway her hips in an attempt to ease some of the pressure that was developing in her bladder. While she was paying attention to what Karenna was saying, she was unaware of the equally desperate situation her protégé was in.

The two continued to move the meeting forward, discussing where they were in terms of their goals for the year. Karenna at this point was pressing her backside down into the cushy office chair, the corner of the chair pressed into her crotch. Her calves were locked in place, as her heels and feet were supporting most of her forward weight, they were pointing towards each other to keep her thighs in place. When Karenna looked back up from her papers and finished her sentence, she noticed that Mary-Ann was crossing her legs and seemed to be more focused on the projected graph instead of what Karenna was saying. Mary-Ann's right arm was clutched against her left forearm, and as she swayed back and forth.

Do we seriously both need to piss right now?

The thought crossed Karenna’s mind as her boss hadn't responded to Karenna's statement yet. She seemed to be more so watching the clock than giving her undivided attention. Karenna spoke up

"Your thoughts?"

"Hmm? Oh, yeah, its fine. Good job today, Karenna. Is that all?"

Karenna wasn't satisfied with the non-answer, but it was getting close to nine, and if she could get out a moment sooner to pee, she would take it.

"I think that's it for now, I'll email you if any of this changes- I gotta step out for a second, your office should be set up."

"I -uh, alright" Mary-Ann started a sentence, but Karenna had already stood and done a 180 towards the door.

She walked back to her desk as fast and as discreetly as her heels would let her, her sensitive genitals as tight and contracted as she could get them. Throwing her meeting notes over her desk and craning her neck to briefly check Mary-Ann's office, which was in a windowed room behind her desk, Karenna made sure her boss had everything she needed. Karenna might have to piss like a racehorse, but she still had a job to do. She exhaled as the strain to stand on her tip toes caused her bladder to contact and a shiver involuntarily sent a hand to her crotch. Mary-Ann's office looked in order. Now slightly hunched over, Karenna hustled passed the front door, which was glass, and anyone in the parking lot could see her squirm in front of her desk.

Starting to doubt that she was going to make it, Karenna walked quickly to the corner of the office space that housed the only bathroom. Karenna nearly ran into the white tiled room. With just a single toilet and a sink, she started to undo her black belt and turned her well-toned ass towards the toilet bowl, anticipating her long overdue release. In her haste, she pulled the belt too quickly and it stuck into place. She felt a wet drop touch her panties. Not wanting to wet her pants, Karenna used what was left of her strength to pull her belt forward and slowly undo it. As her fingers worked the tight belt, her legs shook. The strain of holding an entire morning's worth of pee was now solely on her tight and tiring bladder muscles. She could feel the first few drops slowly dribbling into her underwear. Finally her belt let go, she jammed her fingers into the waist band of her grey suit pants and flung them down to her knees, along with her panties.

Before her butt had even touched the porcelain of the toilet seat, a thick, fat stream of piss shot out of her, splattering the back of the raised top before Karenna sat down in a huff, exhausted from the effort it took to avoid pissing her pants. A loud hiss filled the room as a clear-ish stream of hot urine drilled the water in the toilet bowl. Her pussy lips now dripping pee as well, having left her blue panties with a small dark patch.

Her breathing slowed back to normal, but her stream stayed strong, and the aspiring black business women sat with her forearms on her thighs, trying to process her desperation and now incredible relief and get her head back to her work.

Her stream seemed to slow for a moment, but Karenna contracted her bladder muscles again and the stream that was exiting her pee hole resumed with the same force that it had started with, and the hissing sound that was erupting from her thighs filled the room again. As her stream began to subside for a second time, she examined her panties. She ran her fingers though the fabric, and while it was slightly damp to the touch, they were more than serviceable. She was surprised at what a close call she just had and she sat back in relief.

Her stream was just a slight trickle, but her muscles were still contracting, sending shivers from her pussy through the rest of her body. It felt good, in a way. Karenna's thoughts drifted back to work

I really hope Mary-Ann was just checking the time...

Karenna cut that train of thought short. She tried to convince herself that Mary-Ann was indeed just checking the time and making sure she wasn't late. This move was important for both of their careers, obviously that would weigh on her mind.

I've seen her take back-to-back meetings for an entire day's work. She's sat through 3-hour licensing classes with a ton of coffee...there's no way.

Karenna looked down at her own, now dripping pussy. Her pink wet skin contrasting with her dark outer lips.

It's not like I didn't just think that I'd be fine.

She wiped, flushed and pulled her pants back up. Reapplying her belt and checking her makeup in the mirror, she noticed that the back of her grey sport coat had gotten wet from her initial explosion. It fared the worst out of all her clothes, but it would dry before the days end, she was sure of it. Her thoughts drifted back to her boss for a moment.

There's no way she needs to pee...right?

Mary-Ann Adimari needed to pee. As she watched her young colleague rush out of the room, she pressed her hands against her skin, just above her burning genitals. It was tender, and her tight pencil skirt did little to assist her. Though it was a long skirt, which reached her kneecaps, it was becoming harder and harder to stand still. Her movements had nearly become involuntary, all made worse by the fact that she was in heels. She walked out of the conference room and entered her personal office.

A slightly private area, its windows were against just one wall. They allowed her to be aware of what was happening outside her semi-private walls. Her bookcase, which served more as a prop for virtual meetings than actually useful books, was against the back wall, and the opposite wall partially served as a wet bar for closings. She had just refilled the alcohol shelf yesterday, and the different color liquids only served to mock her at this point. The deep red rug that spanned much of the floor gave the room a sophisticated atmosphere and played well with the walnut-colored bookshelves and mahogany desk.

Mary-Ann wasn't paying attention to any of these details as she shoved her meeting notes onto her desk and trudged towards the bathroom in the main office space. She had maybe 30 seconds, but she was also starting to feel her now desperation to pee. She assumed Karenna was done as she approached the door, but the light wood was hardly sound proof. She was instead greeted by a such a loud sigh and a hissing sound that her mind instantly attempted to release her bladder muscles. The sound and sudden force of pressure baring down on her tight snatch caused Mary-Ann to shove her hands deep into her crotch and squeeze every muscle she possibly could. Her thighs and genital walls were all directed to halt the force liquid from soiling her clothes. Karenna clearly wasn't done, and Mary-Ann would be unfashionably late. She winced, attempted to straighten up, and walked back towards her office.

As she sat down, some of the other financial partners and representatives from her current company were starting to join the meeting. Sitting in her black office chair, Mary-Ann turned her camera on, forced a smile, and hoped that she could pay attention for just an hour and a half.

###

Karenna had been answering emails and making few morning calls from her desk while occasionally grabbing a drink from the water cooler outside conference room. Despite her close call this morning, she still needed to refresh ever so often and the short walk from her desk to the water cooler was enough to give her mind a quick rest. What helped the day go by the fastest however was the occasional inbound call. For a better connection, they still used landlines, so she could also fiddle with the cord while she talked. It was like her grandmother's old phone when she was growing up, and a little burst of nostalgia was all she needed sometimes. This time, when it rang, it was a local realtor, looking to connect with Mary-Ann. After the two set a time and a day, Karenna hung up and looked back through the glass at her boss.

From where she was sitting, Mary-Ann appeared to be focused on her meeting, and Karenna immediately felt better about her own relief this morning. She hadn't forced her boss into an uncomfortable position and she felt her dash for the restroom was justified.

Mary-Ann was attempting to look professional, but she was as stiff as a statue. Her bladder felt like a rock, and she rubbed her free hand across the tense area. It felt as though every muscle was active in a desperate struggle against herself. No longer was her bladder simply suggesting that she find a time to relieve it, it was now demanding she do so. Sarah, Mary-Ann’s lawyer and acquaintance was in the middle of negotiating Mary-Ann out of her current contract, something that the other two men present in the meeting weren’t allowing to happen easily. The meeting was starting to appear as though it was was going to drag on. Mary-Ann crossed her legs. She hoped they would take a break soon.

###

The front door swung open and Karenna immediately broke into a smile. Her best friend proudly strode through the door with a jovial smile plastered on her round face. Her bright brown eyes put her youth on display, helped by her long, black braided hair.

"Hey girlie! Surprise!”

She presented a small box from behind her back. It was wrapped neatly in a bow and Karenna took it from her graciously. Getting up from her desk, Karenna gave Nia a friendly hug.

"Oh my gosh Nia! Thank you so much! What is it?"

"I was in town for a game and thought of you when I saw it. Open it!"

Karenna did as Nia asked and slowly opened the box. A small silver necklace with a pendent stood out against the dark interior. Karenna took it out and put it on. Now Karenna was the one with a wide smile on her face.

“You didn’t have to.” She said quietly, her emotions taking hold.

“But I wanted to.” Nia reached back over Karenna’s desk for a friendly hug.

"Is Mary-Ann here today?" Nia asked innocently

"She is, but she's in a super important meeting, I'll be sure to let her know you stopped by though."

“Would she mind if we hung out for a little?”

Karenna looked towards Mary-Ann’s office. Her boss looked engaged in her meeting. Turning back to Nia, Karenna suggested

“Yeah I guess we could talk for a little.”

Motioning for her friend to follow her, Karenna led Nia into one of the conference rooms, excited to catch up with her friend.

Mary-Ann was still trying to present herself as a power broker, but in her mind, she was very obviously rocking back and forth in her chair. Her knee was lifted towards her chest in an attempt to alleviate the pressure. She one hand plastered against her crotch. Mary-Ann no longer knew what they were talking about, and at this point was blindingly agreeing to the documents presented online, Sarah marking every initial down. Her jaw was locked in an attempt to remain composed, but her labored breathing gave her situation away. She hoped that her microphone hadn't picked anything up. She didn't think that she had leaked yet, but her strained muscles were starting to produce a sweat. Mary-Ann couldn't tell anymore. All she wanted was to pee. Just not in front of the present company, or with any audience really.

Nia took a seat at the head of the table in the conference room and Karenna took the chair to her right. Playfully rotating the office chair from side to side, Nia asked

“So…you made it. White-collar Karenna, huh?”

Karenna scoffed “Hey, it beats working at that burger place. To be honest, I’m not sure why she even took me in.”

“Who? Mary-Ann?”

Karenna nodded “It’s not like I have experience. Or qualifications.”

“She had to have seen something in you.”

Karenna looked at the ground. “I lied on the application.”

“And?”

“And if Mary-Ann ever found out, I’m sure she’d fire me on the spot.”

“Or she doesn’t care and thinks you’re the right person for the job.”

Karenna looked up, then out the window, not responding. Nia knew better than to ask her friend to have some confidence, but she wished Karenna would at least have some. Her friend looked back at the ground, sparking Nia’s curiosity

“Something else on your mind?”

Karenna looked up, her eyes giving her away. Nia has seen it before. It always looked cute. Karenna’s eyes would widen, showing her whites. She’d almost look like a dog that had done something wrong.

“It’s…ah it’s nothing” Karenna looked out the window again, then at the table.

“Kar…”

“No! Really! It’s stupid.”

“Seems like you want to talk about it.”

Karenna looked at Nia, then back down at the floor, moving her chair back and forth. She sighed.

“You’re gonna laugh at me.”

“Will I?” Nia asked, almost offended that her best friend would even think such a thing

Karenna paused. “I…I kind of have…” Karenna spoke quietly, Nia leaned forward to hear it. “I kind of have a crush on her…”

Nia giggled as she leaned back “Aww! Kar’s in love?”

Karenna looked away and folded her arms “I knew telling you was stupid.”

Nia leaned forward and touched Karenna’s thigh, just above her kneecap.

“Kar, c’mon. You know I’m here for you. So you have a little crush, what’s the big deal?”

“The deal is that it’s stupid-”

“You’ve said that a hundred times now.”

The two went quiet as Karenna searched for her words. She spoke again.

“She's probably not into girls. Much less me. I mean if she was…she’s like a super model. She could have anyone.”

“And you’re not?”

“I’m me. A nerd who just has a silly office crush.”

Silence between the two. Nia wanted nothing more than to grant some sort of confidence towards her friend. Maybe some humor would help.

“Nice ass?”

“Who?”

Nia gave a sly smile. Karenna knew who she meant, lifting her hand to her mouth in embarrassment as she admitted

“Oh! Y-yeah…she does…”

Nia giggled “You been looking?”

Karenna’s eyes dropped, she had a small smile on her face, enjoying her friends playful teasing.

“She’ll bend over my desk to get something, or restock the printer. And when she does...” Karenna’s voice went low “I could die and go to heaven”

Nia smiled, swaying back and forth in her chair. Nonchalantly she grabbed one of the free pens sitting on the table. She spoke, her tone getting a little more serious

“Do you think I’m pretty?”

Karenna furrowed her brow. “Sure. You know that ”

“And you’ve had me. How’s she any different?” Nia fiddled with the pen

“She’s my boss. And besides…it’d be too awkward. I-I can’t.”

Nia shrugged. “You can’t even tell her she’s pretty? Drop a hint or two?”

Karenna shook her head and looked at the ground. “It’ll pass. It’s just a silly crush.”

The two returned to silence for a moment. Nia spoke first

“Well it’s been great, but I should get going. Seriously. Maybe she’d be into you. Give it a shot.”

“Thanks.” Karenna smiled as she stood.

It was nice reconnecting with her longtime friend, and Karenna stretched. It had been quite the morning, but the afternoon was looking to be a smooth close to the day. After a hug, the two friends left the conference room, with Karenna moving towards her desk and Nia towards the door. As Karenna got to her chair, Nia stopped just before the door and turned back around.

"Actually, um...Do you mind if I use the bathroom real quick?"

"You know what?" Karenna smiled slyly, joking with her friend “What if I said no?”

Nia smiled back, but her voice was serious. As she spoke, her hand, which was balled into a fist was gently place at the crotch of her jeans.

“Kar, I've actually have been waiting awhile.” She jiggled her thighs “Please?”

Karenna pointed her towards the bathroom door and watched her friend walk causally towards it. It was on her mind after their conversation, and Karenna couldn’t help but sneak a look at the butt of Nia jeans as she walked by. Her friend really did have a nice ass.

Karenna then turned a little red. She quickly heard an audible hiss and spray from the bathroom, followed by a sigh from her friend. Her mind went back to her adventure this morning. Now that Mary-Ann had been in her meeting for a while, she only hoped that her boss was in a good spot.

###

Mary-Ann was locked in a desperate battle against herself and her overfilled bladder. Every muscle was in full force. Tense. Locked. Active. Unable to remove her hand from her crotch, she was gripping her self as tightly as she could. She felt clammy. Almost sick. Her legs trembled, each muscle moving involenterily with the strain of holding back her stretched bladder. She hurt. Mary-Ann’s teeth were gritted, her lips locked as she tried desperately to keep her pee from bursting out of her.

She nearly considered peeing in one of her wet bar glasses. Mary-Ann was sure they couldn't handle two of her gym water bottles and a cappuccino, but it was better than peeing in front of the CEO of one of the largest mortgage companies in the nation, her attorney and business broker. That very real fear was the only thing that was keeping her water in at this point, and even that was failing. With just a few minutes left in the meeting, Mary-Ann lost a spurt of pee into her panties and her shaking legs were attempting to close the now burst dam, but now that it had started, she was afraid that it wouldn't stop. But another minute passed.

The last page. It was here. Freedom. One more initial and she could have her empire and her salvation. She leaked again. The shock caused her to inhale and she gripped her mahogany desk. With every fiber of her being, she willed her pee-hole closed. Yes. She told Sarah to sign off on the last NDA. She lost again, this time a jet of pee, with a stream thick enough to tickle her closed, burning genital walls. The front of her beige pencil skirt now sported a small dark stain. But it was over, the greatest meeting of her life was over. She might just make it.

The virtual meeting was ending. The first man dropped off the call, then the other. Quickly, only Sarah remained. Mary-Ann felt as though she was drowning. The weight of her full bladder pulling her down in a sea of despair. She was struggling to breathe. Her legs, clad in pantyhose, were curled around each other like a vine. Twisted and tense, they attempted to hold back the deluge of hot piss in her tender bladder. It was no use. Mary-Ann felt a hot jet of piss spray into her panties. She gasped, her twisted legs parting under the desk.

“Everything ok?” Sarah asked.

“I-ah…um…” Mary-Ann looked down.

A constant leak into her panties had begun. The clear, glistening liquid was starting to darken her chair below her. She could feel the searing heat against her crotch. Mary-Ann made a desperate plea, using the last of the strength to muster a statement.

“I…need the bathroom…” Mary-Ann’s voice shook with the rest of her trembling body.

“Yeah me too. You can wait.” Sarah either didn’t care or wasn’t aware of Mary-Ann’s plight.

Mary-Ann was just able to regain control. She could feel the damp wetness of her skirt against her butt, her now soaked panties clinging to her privates. And through it all, she saw a way out.

As Sarah droned on about the contract Mary-Ann had just gotten out of, confidence suddenly stuck Mary-Ann. Maybe she could make it. She had leaked and spurted enough into her underwear that the urgent feeling was starting to dissipate. She had hope. And that was all she needed.

Finally Sarah ended her thoughts and wished Mary-Ann a good day before dropping off of the meeting. She had no idea the fight that Mary-Ann had been in for the duration, nor the throbbing pain of her full bladder. Mary-Ann for her part had no idea of the effort she was about to expend.

Standing from her damp seat, Mary-Ann attempted to walk from her desk, but the weight of her pent up pee pushed down hard, the force of gravity crushing her now tired muscles. A sudden, heavy, sharp pain stabbed her in the back. The mass of her filled bladder crushing her tired peehole. It felt as though every liquid she had consumed that day was pressing to leave. The agony of her full bladder was not lost on the rest of her body. She shook as she bent down, sweaty, tired and exhausted.

Mary-Ann bit down on her lip, hard enough that she could have drawn blood. Gripping her desk, she crossed her legs and attempted to stand. She just lost another spirt. This one made through her pantyhose and dripping onto the rug below.

As she stood again, now slowly and slightly bent at the knee, Mary-Ann lost another jet of pee. And then another. Finally, she stood. Slightly bent forward, unable to stand fully. The pressure and searing pain screaming at her to relent. She wouldn’t. Her hand jammed into the crotch of her business skirt, Mary-Ann used what was left of her dignity and her strength to walk towards the door. That’s when she had an idea.

The trashcan just on the other side of the door. She could rip her pantyhose down and her panties to the side. She could do it. She was so close. Each step sent a stinging pain through her body. Each movement a herculean task. But she was close. She walked by the wet bar, both shot gasses too small for the ocean of pee inside her. Her eyes bore into the small container willing her to walk through her affliction.

The door swung open. It was Karenna. The sudden movement startled Mary-Ann. She gasped. It was followed by a seeping warmth into her underwear.

“Hey boss! I saw you were offline. Valerie called to set up a meeting and-”

Karenna was thrown off by her bosses response. Her voice was weak, hardly audible.

“I…I’m s-s…sorry…”

In the confusion, Karenna went quiet. Her silence was quickly pierced by a sudden tapping. It was foreign to her ears. Karenna subtily tilted her head in an effort to understand what was going on. Something caught her eye. She looked down. A dark patch was appearing on the rug at her boss’s feet. It was expanding slowly. Karenna’s eyes followed the clear droplets of liquid, her brain slowly putting together what was going on. As their eyes met, Mary-Ann nearly closed hers, tears forming in her eyes. Karenna put it together. Her jaw dropped in shock.

Mary-Ann was peeing her panties. It started quick, the first stream finally breaking through her panties and splashing loudly onto the rug. She gripped the heim of her beige skirt in a feeble attempt to deny what was happening. Her face burned red in embarrassment, the only sound was her pent up pee ruining her rug with a dull splash. She looked down again. What she was doing hit her. Her pantyhouse were ruined. Wet streaks had formed down her legs where her pee had started to pool in her heels. Hot pee was dripping out the sides of her heels, and dribbling out onto a growing stain on her rug.Mary-Ann desperately tried cut off the flowing urine from her now hissing snatch. She jammed her hand back into her crotch, now soaked and warm.

The pain of her attempt was unreal. It felt like her entire urinary system had bucked against her wishes to stop peeing. For all of her strife, it only weakened her flowing piss. She could no longer stop it, or even attempt to. Her body had gone too far and was too tired to bend to her will anymore. She realized that now. Giving in to her most basic need, she conceded that all she wanted was relief. Her legs shook, glistening as hot piss ruined her pantyhouse. Clear droplets splattered everywhere, dripping all over her rug.

Mary-Ann Adimari, one of the top mortgage producers in the nation, now owner of her own mortgage company, was uncontrollably wetting her panties on her office floor. But Mary-Ann was too busy enjoying the emptying of her overfilled bladder into her panties to care. She didn't care about the rug she was soiling. She didn't even care that Karenna was witness to her hissing pee rushing out of her tired labia. As the many different rivulets made their way from the seat of her skirt to the rug, Mary-Ann bent forward. Her shaking knees and labored breath evidence of her defeat. Even as her rusing pee began to subside, its damage was done. Mary-Ann couldn’t bare to open her eyes as her continued to ruin her rug and undergarments in equal measure.

Karenna could hardly process what she was seeing. Her boss, her secret crush, was a shaking, wet mess. Karenna wanted to hug her. To mother her. Tell her it was okay. Another feeling came over her. She knew what feeling it was. A grotesque perverted feeling of excitement. She scolded herself, and remained silent. Her bosses office was quiet. The rushing storm of her boss’s held urine now passed. Only the occasional drip from her ruined undergarments remained.

Mary-Ann wanted to scream in relief. She was done peeing. The end to her torment was immeasurable. It was as if she had just experienced the most intense orgasm ever. A cold shiver ran down her spine. Her stream had begun to stopped, her over saturated panties dripped the excess urine down into her soaked skirt and small beads of pee rolled down her thighs. Mary-Ann swallowed hard, feeling the tears in her eyes. Ahe briefly wanted to masturbate. In a fleeting moment she imagined herself ripping through her pantyhose and rubbing her clit like a crazed animal.

But reality quickly set in. Mary-Ann was saturated from the waist down in her own pee. She had completly lost control in front of her only employee, and had just ruined a very expensive rug. She had no words. No excuse, no escape.

Her emotions set in. She wanted to cry. She wanted to run. She didn’t. She couldn’t. She stood as still as a statue, not a word spoken between the two women. Until Karenna spoke. Her quiet, soft voice still cut Mary-Ann sharper than any knife could.

"Did you.. um...did, you just pee your pants?"

A/N: So what did you think of the new first chapter? How did it compare to the old? What are your hopes for this new cannon? Feel free to let me know in the comments!

*002*2023-08-25 13:19

{{4 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Hey, what a great opening! I remember the original series which was amazing and I’m really looking forward to the second edition.

}}

Expect a greater emphasis on unplanned desperation and pee/wetting!

*005*2023-08-28 18:09

{{On 8/26/2023 at 1:50 PM, orangelion said:

They could have both peed in the shower and saved water. In Karenna's case she could have also gotten her morning relief without wasting any time.

}}

Karenna's too shy for that! ...For now. Maybe she'll have some adventures that loosen her up.

{{2 hours ago, Mrsonata said:

Love this. I read the first version every time you posted a new chapter. I like that Nia is already in the story. It´s going to be really interesting to read how this will move forward this time.

}}

I felt like redoing the start while keeping some of the same beats of the og story were necessary. It just felt like I shifted a lot in how I write, and I wanted to reflect that by coming back to the earlier ones.

If Nia's your favorite character, you're in luck. She'll be featured a little bit more than before

*007*2023-09-19 00:29

A/N: The second part of the revised cannon. I know some of you will notice the differences in the characterization here. This is really where we start to get into the differences between this story and the original. I have to know, what do you think of the changes here? Good, bad? I would like to reiterate that updates will be slow, but they will be worked on. And as always, feedback is not only encouraged but appreciated.

Chapter 1.2 Questions, answers and other things no one wants

Mary-Ann wanted to cry. Her cheeks burned with embarrassment. She wanted to address Karenna but she couldn’t find the words. She lifted her head to face her protégé and could only muster a weak tone of voice

“I..I…I’m sorry…” That was all she could utter

Karenna’s mouth was agape in shock, attempting to stay modest, she covered it with her hand. The palatable tension and shock didn’t help Mary-Ann as she felt her eyes start to well up with tears. She tried to cool her burning cheeks with a quick fan of her left hand. In a defeated voice, she tried to gain some control of the situation.

“I was dying this morning and…the meeting was so long…” her voice trailed off again. Rather than taking the conversation back into her court, it only served to deepen her embarrassment. It was Karenna’s turn to speak.

“Oh…my…gosh...”

That was all it took to push Mary-Ann over the edge. She tried to stifle it, but Karenna could hear a distinct, high pitched whine as her boss choked on her tears. Mary-Ann was red in the face, tears streaming down her cheeks. She put her head in her hands, her blonde hair doing nothing to cover her now bright red face.

“Aww…Mary-Ann. It, it’s ok” Karenna reached out for a hug, and received a tight embrace from her boss.

Mary-Ann let herself fall into her emotions. She started to bawl her eyes out, the embarrassment and shame of defeat was more than she was prepared to handle. On what should have been a day of celebration, it was instead only going to remembered by her accident.

Selfishly, Karenna was enjoying her boss’s embrace. It wasn’t something she had been expecting today, much less everything else that had just happened. She could nearly feel Mary-Ann’s large breasts resting above her head. The two kept their embrace while Mary-Ann audibly whined. Her large piss stain on the rug below accented the hug between boss and protege. Mary-Ann eventually started to calm, and Karenna spoke softly again

“Do you want to talk about it?”

Mary-Ann sniffled and wiped away a tear before nodding in affirmation. In the corner of her office sat a small couch. It was used more for decoration than anything else, and the cushions were cheap. It didn’t matter to Mary-Ann as she felt her damp and clammy panties press agianst her gentials, nor did it matter that a small damp spot was going to be left on the couch. The two said nothing for a little bit, then Mary-Ann spoke

“I…I can’t believe I did that.”

Karenna rubbed her back. More of an instinct than anything else, she just wanted Mary-Ann to feel better. She let her talk

“It. It just hurt so bad, and it was coming out, and you were there…I just couldn’t stop.” Mary-Ann paused, hanging her head in shame. “You must think I’m disgusting.”

“No…I, uh…that, that wouldn’t be fair. To you.” Karenna laughed nervously. “It’s not like you did it on purpose.”

“No.” Mary-Ann also gave a nervous laugh back “No I did not. It was just like…Ok, maybe this is too much information but like this morning, when I came in? I…I like really had to go. Already.”

“You mean in our meeting?”

Mary-Ann nodded. Karenna had her suspicions from that morning confirmed. Her mind put her back just a few hours ago, and she remembered just how bad that had been. Sheepishly, she looked Mary-Ann in the eyes and admitted

“Me too.”

Mary-Ann raised her eyebrows “You mean you-”

Karenna smiled and nodded

“So we were both?”

Karenna’s smile grew wider.

“Yeah, there was a reason I was in the meeting like this-”

Karenna reenacted her pose from that morning, holding her hand over her crotch.

The two shared a now more relaxed laugh, the shame of what had happened was starting to wash from Mary-Ann’s face. Their laughter died down and Mary-Ann spoke, half-jokingly

“I’m starting to think we should push our morning meetings forward by like five minutes from now on.”

“Why?”

Mary-Ann’s eyes shifted to the large stain on her rug, she looked down again, bothered by her failure. She nodded her head towards the stain, acknowledging it as best as she could

“Because clearly we both need to have a pee break after our meetings.”

Karenna chuckled at the little joke, her eyes also on her bosses stained rug

“What was book called? ‘Leaders pee last’?”

Mary-Ann’s face broke into a wide grin, a laughing fit ensuing “So you do read the stuff I send you! Might be a different title.”

“I know, you’re supposed to eat last.”

“Clearly I got confused.”

The two continued to laugh, both genuinely enjoying the joke. Mary-Ann couldn’t tell if she felt relieved that her protege and only employee was laughing with her instead of at her, or if she simply enjoyed Karenna’s company. Whichever it was, it really didn’t matter. The two stopped laughing, but Mary-Ann’s warm smile stayed. She turned back to Karenna

“Thanks Karenna. I. I really mean it.”

Karenna was lost in her boss’s green eyes. They were soft, calm. Tempting. Karenna tried to speak. She couldn’t find the words. Not a sound escaped her lips. Her mouth felt dry. She swallowed and choked out

“Y-you’re welcome.”

Mary-Ann patted Karenna’s thigh, just above her kneecap.

“It meant alot to me.”

Karenna couldn’t speak the thoughts running through her mind. She was instantly wet, though in another way than her boss had just been. She had a stupid smile on her face, or at least, she thought it was stupid. She wanted to live in the moment. Karenna took the time to sear it into her memory. It felt like they held their gaze for an hour, though it couldn’t have been longer than a few seconds. Quickly another thought came to Karenna

Give her a hug.

It wasn’t much of a risk. Reaching out an arm, Karenna hugged her boss and secret crush around the waist. Mary-Ann opted to reciprocate, raching around and giving Karenna a tight squeeze around her arms. Pulling Karenna closer, she unknowingly put Karenna’s face right near her breasts.

This was the moment that Karenna wished she could hold onto. But it too didn’t last. Mary-Ann broke the embrace and stood, making sure her skirt was straightened out.

“How bad is it?” Karenna asked out of curiosity more than anything

“Pretty bad.” Mary-Ann replied sheepishly

“Let me see.” Karenna spoke with more confidence than she actually had. It was as if another voice was speaking for her. It knew her desires more than she did.

Either out of submission or her own curiosity, Mary-Ann complied. Looking next to her, towards the door, she made sure no one was coming in. She walked a step towards Karenna. Gingerly she slowly lifted her pencil skirt. As she did, she revealed more and more darkened streaks along her ruined pantyhose.

Karenna had her eyes trained on her boss’s crotch, anticipating the moment when her panties would be revealed. She let out a quick breath, excitement taking over as Mary-Ann’s peed panties began to show. The hottest experience of her young life unfolding before her.

Karenna could see the outline of her boss’s outer lips. The fabric of her panties hid only her most sensitive parts, the still damp material clinging to her privates like a bandage over a wound. Karenna felt as though she was being puppeted by another force. Something otherworldly. She was living in the moment. Pulling out a pen she had in her pocket, Karenna used the back end to lightly touch one of the damp streaks of Mary-Ann’s pantyhose. Mesmorized. She softly traced her way back to the source of her boss’s wet pantyhose. Karenna spoke in a low tone, sensuality taking over.

“You really had to go, didn’t you boss?”

“Mmmm”

Mary-Ann felt butterflies in her stomach. A new sensation. One that seemed so familiar, yet so different. She wanted to recount her tale again. This time differently.

“I was so desperate…” Mary-Ann matched Karenna’s tone

“Mmmm…I’ll bet you were.” Karenna felt around her own mouth with her tongue. Aware of every passing second. “You know, this could have been me…”

As Karenna’s pen nearly reached Mary-Ann’s panties, the reality of what they were doing hit her. Shoving Karenna’s hand away, Mary-Ann regained her composure. Swiftly, she shimmed her skirt back down over her ruined pantyhose.

“Um, yes, well, I’m glad it wasn’t….I uh…I have to go change.”

“Of course.” Karenna backed off, coming back to reality. “Do you have anything to change into?”

“Yeah. My gym clothes, I can wear them from this morning. Mary-Ann paused “I was about to go get them”

Karenna nodded, attempting to return to a normal conversation. Anything to try and reassure herself that she didn’t just reveal too much of herself. Before she could even try, Mary-Ann quickly turned back towards the door to her office and walked the main door to her car.

All Karenna could do was replay the scene in her head again. Did that really just happen?

Mary-Ann hurried as quickly to her car as her heels would let her, their dampness causing her feet to slide more than usual. She opened the back door of her SUV and started rifling through her gym clothes, collecting her workout undergarments and shoes as well. There was no one around, and as her bladder had been refilling from her disaster, she felt the urge to pee again. Though not nearly as bad as before, she still had an uncomfortable thought flow into her mind.

Pee here. No one can see you. Your clothes are already ruined, what does it matter? Let go. Through your panties again.

She physically shook her head, as if trying to free herself from her own mind for a moment. She reached to the glove box in the front seat, a stretch from where she was standing, and grabbed her makeup kit from the compartment. She hustled back to her office, Karenna had returned to her own desk. As Mary-Ann reentered the building and turned toward the bathroom Karenna tried to refocus, turning their conversation back to a work topic.

“Donovan called.”

Mary-Ann didn’t respond, still in shock over her own recent thoughts and her last interaction with Karenna. Just before entering the bathroom Karenna continued to call to her

“He needs you to check out something for a property!”

Entering the bathroom, Mary-Ann acknowledged Karenna’s last statement to herself. Maybe business would push away what had happened. Quickly, she took off her heels and attempted to peel off her ruined pantyhose. They stuck to her legs. Her urine had acted like an adhesive, and Mary-Ann struggled to peel them off at first. Once she finally rolled them down, they fell onto the tiled floor with a heavy slap. Her black panties were stained with her pee though the damage wasn’t all that visible. She scratched at her thighs and walked to the toilet, leaving on her panties. Another thought entered her mind.

Pee them.

This time Mary-Ann put up less resistance as she sat down on the toilet. She observed her soiled panties and pulled them closer to herself, wedging the wet fabric through her pussy lips. She felt as shiver go up her spine as she played with the idea. What are you doing? This isn’t right. This isn’t you. Stop it! Her professional mind tried to wrestle control of her body back. It didn’t work. Mary-Ann came to the realization while sitting on the toilet in her wet panties that she was relaxing. Almost expecting to feel the same warm sensation she had just experienced a while ago. Nothing. Don’t do this. Nothing still. Please. She had to pee, and yet, nothing.

She tried a third time, but this time she let go of her panties and pushed. No! This is gross! You’re a woman of stature. No! She visualized pushing her bladder beyond her mental barrier and this time felt a rush through her urethra towards her pee hole. Then it stopped. It was as if she could feel her pee right at her opening, waiting to get out. But she couldn’t. You’re a disgrace. What would others think of you? A quick warm spurt rewet the fabric of her panties. But it stopped. Before any urine even hit the toilet water, Mary-Ann tensed up again. Her professional mind finally won. What she was doing hit her. She was sitting in her office, attempting to pee her panties for the second time that day. Sanity kicked in again as well as a wave of desperation and she pulled her wet panties to the side, her pee jetting out this time and splashing into the bowl with incredible force.

As she held the fabric to the side, she felt drops of pee splashing against her fingers. She almost felt like putting her panties back on now that her urine was freely flowing. As her stream began to dwindle, and arc back towards her opening, she removed her hand and let her panties slide back towards her small flow. Feeling as though she only had a little left she pulled her panties back over herself. Again that warm sensation pooled around her nethers and this time, a few drops made their way through the tired fabric and into the bowl. She stood up and wiped her tights down with toilet paper, but instead of wiping herself, she simply slipped off her panties.

They too hit the floor with unusual weight, and reminded Mary-Ann of her accident. Bunching her panties and pantyhose back into a tight ball, she threw them in the corner and removed her work clothes. Seeing her nude body in the mirror, she almost felt like masturbating. She didn’t, but she knew she felt horny. As she grabbed her gym clothes she saw her wet panties again and felt ashamed. She told herself that her arousal was just to cover her predicament, but either way, she still had to get back out there. She slipped her pink panties on, along with her grey spandex and white tank top. She fixed her makeup and threw her hair back into a ponytail. She almost felt like herself again. But then she picked up the ball of undergarments that she had uncontrollably wet herself in. Now that she held them, they smelled like pee. She tried to hide them by wrapping her blouse and skirt around them. She didn’t care if these got wet, they were all going to the cleaners.

She couldn’t grab her heels in the ball of clothes and had to leave them in the bathroom for now. Exiting the small room, she felt a sense of relief that Karenna was the only other person in the lobby. Explaining her actions quickly, she mentioned

“I left my heels in there.”

The quick line led Karenna to assume that her boss wanted her to help. Looking away from her computer, the black protégé walked herself towards the restroom. Her mind was locked onto their interaction. Every step burned into her memory. Maybe there was a chance. Maybe she told herself.

As Karenna opened the bathroom door, her boss’s heels were staring back at her, right in front of the toilet. Picking them up, Karenna could feel the dampness of the shoe. Though they were black, the small splatters and stains of Mary-Ann’s harsh urine were still on the outside and the acrid smell of piss had mixed with the scent of her feet from the day. Noticing that some pee had pooled in the heels, Karenna poured them out into the toilet.

The act of pouring out her boss’s piss into the toilet was not lost on Karenna. While some might have been disgusted, Karenna was intrigued, almost curious. What if it had been her?

Burying the thought she carried the shoes outside, and handed them back to Mary-Ann. As she took them from Karenna, she was surprised

“You didn’t have to do that.”

“Someone should do something nice for you with the day you’ve had.”

Mary-Ann smiled “But didn’t they have-”

“It’s fine.”

Mary-Ann nodded, turned and left. She had properties to get to, and tension with Karenna to ignore.

###

It had been quiet for a while. True to her word, Karenna received an email notification that their morning meetings had been moved back five minutes. There was now a blank spot on her bosses calendar, and only Karenna and Mary-Ann knew why. Karenna smiled to herself.

Without clients calling or walking in, Karenna was free to study. Though she did very little. The events of the day still ran through her mind, and the more they did, the more aroused she’d become. Absent-mindedly, she was grinding herself into the corner of her office chair, slightly stimulating herself. Biting her lip, she paid little attention to the words on the screen. Suddenly, her phone buzzed. A text from Mary-Ann.

“Could you also make an appointment to get the carpet in my office cleaned? 🙈”

“Yeah no problem”

“Thanks! You’re the best. Don’t say anything about it to them though. This stays between us.”

“You were cute about it though.”

The last one was risky, and Karenna knew that. Still, she sent it, not really knowing how Mary-Ann would respond.

###

Before she turned onto the highway, Mary-Ann pulled her SUV into a gas station. She knew it looked odd to be dressed in workout clothes and have her expensive purse with her, but as she walked into the convenience store, she felt a little devilish knowing that of all the patrons, only she knew why her outfit didn’t match her purse. Aside from gas, she was hungry, hungry enough to order from the fast food counter. She debated with herself on getting the large water cup, but with how salty her meal was- plant based or not, she knew she needed it.

After paying for her food and gas, Mary-Ann began to fuel her car when she got a call from Karenna.

“Hey boss, the steam cleaner can’t get here until next week. Is the carpet going to be ok?”

“Um” Mary-Ann’s face blushed with embarrassment “No, probably not.”

“What should I do then? I can’t find another local place.”

“I’m not sure, I just know it can’t be good for it to sit like that.” Mary-Ann’s SUV was filled with gas and she climbed back inside the cabin.

“Did you ever have a pet or something? I mean...”

“What do you mean?” Mary-Ann felt a flash of anger

“I’m just saying I never did! I don’t know how to treat a rug like this.” Karenna wasn’t sure if she should apologize or feel miffed that her boss was angry at her for not knowing how to clean piss out of a carpet.

“Look, just ask the internet.” Mary-Ann felt herself getting hysterical as her embarrassment had turned itself into misplaced anger at Karenna. She attempted to apologize “I’m sorry, could you just figure it out yourself?” It sounded more forceful than she wanted.

Karenna was silent for a moment “Alright”

Mary-Ann thanked her and hung-up. Disgusted with how she just acted towards her protégé, she tried to block it out of her mind. Before she could start her car, she read her text messages. She had one from Karenna about an hour ago. It said she was cute. Smiling as she read it, Mary-Ann responded and began to drive down the highway.

###

How to clean piss out of a rug

Karenna searched the question on her work computer, there was no way she was typing that phrase into her personal phone. She perused through a number of articles on dog and cat training, with the underlying ingredient appearing to be baking soda.

How to clean your boss’s piss out of her rug after she got mad at you for pissing herself

Karenna erased her next query before even hitting “enter”. She couldn’t help but type out her anger, if only for a moment. She refined her search

How to clean human piss out of a rug

She again found baking soda to be the most common answer, as well as another person suggesting Himalayan salt, but she still cobbled together a list. Her phone buzzed. It was Mary-Ann. Responding to Karenna’s text

😊

What the hell does that mean? Karenna shook her head as she left to pick up cleaning supplies.

Climbing into her car, she was starting to wonder if her actions had actually crushed any hope she had. Or maybe she didn’t even have a crush on her at all. Just the idea. Karenna loved the memory. She hated it. She hated how quickly Mary-Ann had gotten mad at her. She loved how hot her boss was. Her eyes, her hair.

Karenna shook her head. She was getting lost, her car was still off. She was just sitting in the parking lot. Maybe she’s mad at the idea. The idea of being with you.

Karenna started her car, hoping that she was lying to herself.

###

Mary-Ann finished her lunch and was nearly done with her water cup as she barreled down the rural highway. No radio, no podcast, nothing. She didn’t want to think about it. Her accident. Karenna. Anything. Thoughts led to questions, and questions might lead to answers. Her silent driving was broken by a call back from Karenna.

“I think the best bet is going to be baking soda and disinfectant.”

“Ok.” Mary-Ann wasn’t sure why Karenna had called just to say that

“Should I put it on the business card?” Oh. That’s why she called

“They count as office supplies, sure.” There was a pause.

It lasted for a long time. Mary-Ann spoke, whether it was directed at Karenna or not, she wasn’t entirely sure.

“I’m not really angry with you. It’s just not something I’ve had to ask of you before. Or thought I ever would have to.” She swallowed, not knowing what emotion she was feeling. Whatever it was, it wasn’t good. She relieved the moment in her mind and Karenna didn’t respond. Mary-Ann continued

“It’s just that I really had to go when I got in this morning. And we were so busy…” The silence weighed down on the conversation.

“I know. You told me.”

“I know. I know. And…and you’ve done nothing but help me through it, you’re gone above and beyond.” Mary-Ann started to feel an overwhelming scene of thankfulness for Karenna. Is that what she was feeling? Thankfulness?

Karenna waited a moment. “I um…I was uh, a little upset though.”

“It. It wasn’t you know, about you. I…it. It was just shocking, and. And then I guess.”

A pause. Mary-Ann continued

“I’m mad at me. I hate the fact that I waited. I hate the fact that I cried, I hate the fact that I just yelled at you I hate the fact that…”

Karenna stayed quiet, her only hope was that Mary-Ann didn’t hate the moment they shared. She waited for Mary-Ann to continue. Only the silence of the road came through the phone. A few seconds passed, they may as well have been hours. Mary-Ann didn’t continue. Karenna wanted to ask. She couldn’t. Her instincts allowed her to probe. But she was far to shy to ask if her boss hated their moment, however brief it was.

“You know I meant what I said?” Karenna spoke

“That I was cute?”

“Yeah.”

Silence again. Karenna decided that Mary-Ann did hate their moment. She had to have. She wanted to move on. Karenna changed the subject

“Alright, let me get these things for you and I’ll be on my way.”

“Hey Karenna?”

“Yeah?”

“Thanks.”

The two didn’t know it, but they were smiling on each side of the phone. Mary-Ann finished her water cup and continued towards her rental property.

###

As Mary-Ann passed through the small downtown just outside her rental, she felt her bladder call out to her again. Normally she would have tried to wait until she got back to her own home, but today’s ordeal had shifted her behavior. As she cut through the residential streets in this rural town, she finally pulled into the parking area for her small double duplexes. Both Donovan and the contractor for the air conditioning unit were already there. She would have to wait to use one of the duplex’s toilets.

Stepping out of her vehicle, she was greeted by a number of small lawn signs stuck in the grass facing the road. Each one with a hashtag or website address that she was unfamiliar with. Donovan walked over an extended his hand to shake.

“Just in time, thanks for coming out so late.”

“What’s with this?” Mary-Ann gestured to the signs

“Someone must have put them in.”

“One of my tenants?”

“Not sure, haven’t asked. I could take ‘em out if you want.”

“Find out if its someone here first. If it is, I’ll talk with them. Otherwise, I’ll need you to take it to the city.”

“The city?”

“It’s illegal to put signs in someone else’s lawn. No idea what this one’s for but I don’t want it.”

Donovan studied the signs. He squinted to read the print.

“Oh. This is for that mechanic.”

“I’m sorry?”

“Yeah, he was working, and someone came up and shot him.” Donovan made a gun gesture with his finger.

“Bang. Yeah, everyone ‘round here is tore up about it. Nice guy. Or was.”

“I still don’t want a hashtag in my lawn.”

Donovan put his hands up to feign submission. “Alright. But you might get some resistance.”

Mary-Ann shrugged. Donovan led her to the man delivering the parts. She signed off on the delivery and paid for the part. As the man climbed back into his van she turned to Donovan.

“You dragged me out here on a two hour drive for this?”

She followed him as he walked over to the malfunctioning air conditioning.

“Not my policy on the signature thing.” He opened a flap on the side of the unit and started to work on the issue.

“But if this was all you needed me for, couldn’t you have just sent the paper work over to me?”

“You don’t take faxes.”

Mary-Ann was beyond irritated “Because it's the 21st century. You could have just scanned it and sent it in an email.”

“Then how would they know it was you?”

“Because I’d have a copy in my inbox.”

Donovan stopped working for a moment. “Oh yeah. Sorry, I was just trying to get this done today.”

Mary-Ann rolled her eyes. If Donovan wasn’t such a handy man he’d never have been hired. But an honest man was hard to find these days. Still, she now knew about the unwanted sign and could use it to ask for a bathroom. Her need had continued to grow as she had been standing outside.

###

Mary-Ann knocked on the door. No response. She knocked again. Still nothing. She folded her arms and paced back and forth on the concrete porch. The large water she had to drink was also starting to fill her well-used bladder and pacing kept her mind off of it. At last the heavy door opened and an older gentleman answered her knock.

“Is the air fixed yet?” He sounded grumpy

“No. But I-“

“Well, it ain’t rent day, an’ I’m not doing anything wrong. What do you want?”

“Did you put that sign up?”

“Yeah. What of it?”

“Take it down. I don’t want political messages on the lawn.”

“It ain’t no political sign. Haven’t you got any respect for a man who was murdered?”

“It’s not about that, I don’t want others to think that they can put up signs.”

The man grumbled something to himself and started to close the door. Mary-Ann was about to ask if she could use his bathroom, but thought better of it. He didn’t seem very hospitable at the moment. Her body was angry with her for not asking, and the pressure in her abdomen was becoming more consistent. Mary-Ann walked back around to the side of the building, where Donovan was still working on the air conditioning.

“Could you make sure that those signs are gone by next week? If not, I might have him evicted.” Mary-Ann shouted towards Donovan. Climbing out from the box, he responded

“I really think you’re making a mistake by pressing the issue here Mary-Ann. That mechanic was popular around here.”

“I’ll think about it, but I still want you to check back here in a week. Unless you need anything else from me, I’m heading back.”

“Go on, I’ve got nothing else for you. Sorry for getting you out here, I’m not much for computers you know. Didn’t even think about a scanner.”

Mary-Ann looked towards the lonely main road. She wouldn’t have normally brought it up, but her experience earlier made her reconsider.

“Is there a place where I could stop and use the restroom? Some of the places I passed didn’t look all that clean.”

“I wouldn’t go to any of the places around here. Lately there’s been someone with a camera hanging around women’s bathrooms. If it weren’t for the shooting of that mechanic, I think that’d be the biggest story.”

Mary-Ann tapped her foot as she thought of her options. The highway didn’t yield very many exits in this rural area, certainly none that she would be comfortable finding a spot to pee. She decided to extricate herself from her conversation with Donovan and headed back to her car.

###

Karenna unlocked and opened the office door. She took both the purchased baking soda and disinfectant from the plastic bag and tossed it into the trash. Walking by her own desk at the front of the suite, she made her way to Mary-Ann’s office. Not really knowing what to expect, she opened the door a bit cautiously. Everything looked just as it normally did. The wet bar to her right was undisturbed, and the large bookcase behind Mary-Ann’s desk was as neat as ever. It wasn’t until she looked down at the carpet that she saw the evidence of her boss’s deed. A large dark patch, which touched Mary-Ann’s desk and its circumference nearly reached the potted plant next to the opposite wall. When she got the job here, she never imagined she would be dumping baking soda and spraying disinfectant on her boss’s piss stain.

As she bent down to start cleaning it, put her hand to the patch. Cold liquid that could only have been Mary-Ann’s pee rose up before reabsorbing into the rug. The thought of soaking a rug so thoroughly with her pee had never entered her mind before. Other thoughts wafted back into Karenna’s mind as she finished her last task for the day.

###

Mary-Ann had been driving for roughly 30 minutes before the Bluetooth system in her SUV notified her of a text. It was from Karenna. Mary-Ann had the system read the text aloud.

Cleaned up your office. Headed home.

Mary-Ann wanted to respond, but she wasn’t entirely sure how to. It was hard not to relive her accident when everything seemly reminded her of it. The two-lane highway wasn’t giving her much to gawk at and her only option was to drive and be reminded of her filling bladder. She reflected on her impure thoughts and arousal after her wetting. She had no one to share this with, and part of her still refused to admit to herself that she might have a pee kink. It wasn’t just any kink too, she had wet her panties in her office and was even found out, and she was aroused.

Was it because Karenna teased her? This question lingered in Mary-Ann’s mind. Why didn’t Karenna make a bigger deal of it? Mary-Ann wondered if it was just a façade, in the fallout from her accident, had she lost the respect of her protégé? These questions, with no real answers, bothered her, but her bladder was becoming more of a bother. As she passed another exit, she noticed the exit had no signs for places to stop, and in the light summer evening, all she could see was the exit ramp and a bridge that extended over the highway.

Nothing but trees lined the sides of the road and the breakdown lane was as thin as it could be. With her options seemingly limited, she would have time to explore her newfound interest in peeing, whether she wanted to or not.

Nearly had passed and Mary-Ann’s discomfort had again turned into desperation. Her abdomen was tight. Her gut was extended with her bladder full of pee. She had been trying to focus on driving for the past 10 minutes but she ached for relief. Her desperation had mounted to the point where her driving speed had become inconsistent as her knees shifted to try and aid her muscles. Desperately she kept her eyes trained on the side of the highway, trying to will an exit or rest stop into existence. She had driven this route before. She knew it would be at least another twenty minutes on this highway before she could connect onto an interstate with rest areas and populated exits. And that was if there was no traffic. She passed anther exit with just a single road leading into the woods. Time was moving slowly, and waves of desperation started to hit Mary-Ann harder.

Despite her growing interest in pee, there was no way she was going to try it in her car. She could feel it though. A pressure built right up against her pussy. After her experience this morning, Mary-Ann was seriously doubting her ability to hold on. She checked her SUV’s built-in GPS. Still another 17 minutes until she could start looking for a proper rest area. Mary-Ann bent forward as much as she could. Her seatbelt was pressing against her swollen bladder and only served to make matters worse. A cold shiver. A ping of pleasure.

There it was again, Mary-Ann had to pee and yet she was aroused, horny, even. Taking her dominant hand off of the steering wheel, she rested her forearm over her crotch and dug her fist into her inner thigh. An unusual bid to relieve some of the pressure she felt, but it helped for a moment. Mary-Ann exhaled in exasperation. It was just like a workout at the gym, though she doubted the physical results would be as rewarding. Her breathing intensified, she looked at her estimated time on the GPS again. 15 minutes.

Should she let a little out? Would it help if she darkened her grey leggings? There was a devil on her shoulder telling her to. She thought of the bill to clean her seat. No. 13 minutes until her exit. She looked to the left. Trees and an open lane. She expected that, but her options were limited. She looked to the right, a field. She expected that too. But she was desperate; her legs shook inadvertently. 12 minutes. She took her SUV around the gentle bend. Mary-Ann was aware of how badly she had to pee. Panicking that she was about to flood her car. An idea; her gym water bottle. She looked in her back seat. Only to see her silver water bottle rolling behind her passenger seat.

She made a move for it. Out of reach. The movement took her eyes off the road and she started to swerve into the breakdown lane. Once her SUV hit the rumble strips she put her eyes back on the road. The motion had pressed down on her bladder even harder and she swore she could feel wetness. She scanned her car again for options. The fast food water cup. It was large, so it had to be her best option. It was that or pee in her seat and wet herself again. She picked it up without taking her eyes off the road. The cup presented two problems. The ice had melted and refiled nearly a quarter of the cup, and Mary-Ann had no idea how she was supposed to pee into it. She figured that she should pull over, and she put her hazard lights on.

As Mary-Ann put the car in park, she whined in desperation, which had gotten worse since relief was close in theory. Undoing her seatbelt and taking the lid off of the cup was the obvious first step. She tried to position herself by moving in an awkward crouch, trying to slide her leggings off, but the movement sloshed the pee around inside her. She was met with pain from her weakening muscles and felt a spurt of pee rush into her panties. Huffing in exasperation and moaning in a desperate struggle, she wiggled her leggings down to her ankles. She could she a large dark patch on her pink panties. She wiggled those down to her knees as best she could. When the air of the car reached her exposed genitals, she couldn’t help but leak again. Just a little bit. It dribbled into the seat on her car. Still slightly crouched, she placed the wide mouth of the cup near her bare skin.

Mary-Ann finally relaxed. Within seconds her SUV was filled with the sounds of urine splashing against plastic and water. Mary-Ann gave out a near orgasmic cry. Shivers and feelings of relief ran up from her pissing pussy up through her chest and body. As the cup filled it became heavy. For a moment though, Mary-Ann didn’t care; she just wanted to pee. It was warm, and the heat of her spray was felt through the cup and against her hand. She looked down, the cup was nearly full, and she was nowhere near done. There wasn’t much she could think of doing. But she had to find a way as her pee overflowed and began to run onto her seat.

“No!” She exclaimed “Ah…I…I have…to stop.” She panted through her relief.

She tried to stop, and through much pain, she did. She removed the cup and put it on the car dashboard, spilling some and covering her hand in pee. She could feel it coming back and she jammed her-pee covered hand over her nude crotch. Only half-thinking she could only picture herself squatting to finish, and she unlocked her car door with her free hand. She remembered her leggings and her panties. She started to move but they restricted her and Mary-Ann was worried that she might trip exiting her high-ride vehicle. It didn’t matter now, it was too much for her to hold it anymore, and Mary-Ann started to pee into her hand. The warm liquid spurting through her fingers and onto her seat again. The surprise caused her to remove her hand. With an audible patter her stream was ruining her driver’s seat.

Mary-Ann climbed out anyway, in an ungraceful waddle, peeing the entire time. It splattered her driver’s door and the exterior paint as her feet touched the ground. Now she stood, naked from the waist down, with her bare pussy to the traffic. A long pee stream splattering the pavement below her. A car roared by, honking as its passengers saw everything. She didn’t care. It didn’t take long for the rest of her bladder to empty itself onto the pavement, and as her stream had become a drip, Mary-Ann exhaled. Her swollen clit throbbed. She was wet, in more ways than one. Another car sped by and honked as Mary-Ann started to pull up her wet panties and dry leggings. The wet fabric of her undergarments nearly sent her over the edge. She bit her lower lip and let out a moan.

Climbing back into her SUV, she took one last look at the puddle on the dry pavement. A small fraction of what had occurred in her car. Before she sat down, she grabbed her pee-filled cup and emptied it onto the pavement, increasing the size of her puddle. Mary-Ann put her cup back in her cupholder and sat back down without inspecting the damage. All of her urine had flowed to the back of her seat. It was a puddle, and it immediately soaked the butt of her leggings.

They started to soak up the rogue liquid as it spread across her cheeks. The penetrating wetness of the now cool urine caused a new rush of feeling towards her wet pussy. An overflow of emotions came of Mary-Ann, she began to rock back and forth in her seat. Mary-Ann felt like she was about to orgasim. Quickly, Mary-Ann tried to think of anything else. She hoped that soaking in her cold pee would help as she sunk back into her seat. As she did she felt a small leak wet her panties. Whether it was sex juices or pee, she didn’t know. She didn’t want to know.

She tried to focus on the treeline. The road, the buildings, the other cars. Anything to keep her mind off her throbbing genitals. She didn’t want it to be true. It couldn’t be. She was a business woman. She coudn’t be into all that. Her mind betrayed her.

That car saw you. He knew what you were doing. You feel how wet your pants are now? Should have just peed them. It’s not that bad.

Gone was her professional mind for now. New tantilizing thoughts had started to take hold. She had never paid any mind to them, but after her most recent escapade, they beat though her mind like a war drum. Over and over again. Mary-Ann played the radio. Music. A podcast. Something, anything to take these thoughts away from her. But her body started to betray her as she made the long drive home. Her hand had slowly made its way towards her crotch. For the the first time that day though, it wasn’t in desperation, but exploration.

One thing was true about this day. Mary-Ann would never be the same.

*010*2023-09-24 18:42

{{On 9/21/2023 at 5:36 PM, orangelion said:

I've already told you this, but I like changes. I also think this chapter sets up the rest of the story better than the original.

}}

Thanks! I agree, without sounding too conceited lol. I hope I can keep it going to truly get this story to it’s full potential.

{{On 9/21/2023 at 6:24 PM, JimSpurs666 said:

Incredible. One of the greatest stories on this site ever

}}

With how many awesome stories there are on this website, that really means a lot to me! Thank you! Of course any suggestions on how I can continue to make this story greater are more than welcome

*011*2023-11-06 01:23

A/N: The first of many completely new chapters is here! I would love to know you thoughts on it as we dive deeper into the new cannon. How does it stack up against the old? Do you like the characters more or less? What needs to be improved? What needs to be re-added? As always, feedback is not only encouraged but appreciated.

Chapter 1.3: I think Karenna needs to Pee

Karenna lay awake. The sun was just starting to peak from the clouds of the early morning, the light was just enough to color the sky an orange hue. It would be summer soon, a few months away. Karenna was up before her alarm as she shifted her focus to the large red digital numbers. Stuck in a limbo, she couldn’t go back to sleep and gain any meaningful rest, and she didn’t want to wake this early. Instead she lay nearly motionless, her eyes darting around the room as light began to filter in through the windows. Random thoughts drifted through her head, and Karenna made little effort to capture them. The only constant was the same slight feeling she had every morning. She had to pee.

But Karenna had to pee every morning, today was no different. It would start with a gentle nudge from her bladder, an ask. A meek request for her to use the toilet. If she didn’t comply it would simply demand more and more of her thoughts until it was the only thing on Karenna’s mind. The recollection of her bladder’s soft demands forced Karenna to remember one of the most outlandish days of her life. The day her crush had an accident right in front of her.

Watching it happen had felt like a dream. Hearing the foreign sound and watching the expanding puddle. It was outside of the realm of what Karenna thought was possible. Her boss’s face contorting from one of shock to relief, and then to embarrassment was what stuck with Karenna. They must have worn the same face. Karenna remembered her mouth involuntarily dropping in surprise when she realized just what was running down her boss’s legs. Her thoughts carried her to the aftermath. As Karenna recalled the silence between them, she felt her hand slowly slide down the length of her stomach. Her fingers inching and creeping towards her slit.

Mary-Ann's eyes were an intense green that seemed to shift and change depending on the lighting. The way she smiled and looked at Karenna, and how she felt her heart beat just a little faster when they spoke. And Karenna just couldn't help but think of her wetting herself. Karenna wanted her thoughts to be pure. To go back to her old fantasies. But she couldn't help it. That mix of fear and surprise, followed by a deep shame and embarrassment. The memory of her boss's accident was just a little exciting. Karenna wondered what it must have felt like for her boss to empty her bladder in the middle of the day, in the middle of work.

The memory was all Karenna needed to slip a finger in her slit, slowly rubbing and teasing herself. The warmth of her finger, her thoughts and the heat of her blankets was more than enough to cause Karenna to sweat. She slipped another finger in and closed her eyes, fantasizing about Mary-Ann's reaction. In her mind’s eye, Karenna reimagined her words to her boss. Mary-Ann starting to kiss her. The two of them sharing a moment. The feeling of her hand sliding along Karenna's body. Karenna rubbed a little harder, a little faster, a little rougher.

She imagined her boss's hands, a little bigger, but just as gentle as her own. Karenna was almost there, her breathing getting a little heavier, her chest rising and falling just a little faster. In her head, Mary-Ann's hands were all over her. They were on her thighs, her hips, her breasts, and then her stomach. Karenna could feel the warmth in her body, it was spreading and pooling, ready to burst. Her hand worked faster, her mind was racing. Mary-Ann's lips pressed against her ear and whispered something, and in an instant Karenna's eyes opened and her whole body went stiff. Pleasure rushed through her, her soft moans displaying her thoughts. The orgasm came and left just as quick, leaving Karenna alone in her room, panting, sweaty, and hot.

Karenna looked at the clock, a few minutes until her alarm was scheduled to ring. Her legs felt weak as she sat up and walked towards the bathroom. She turned on the light and saw her own reflection. Still catching her breath, and she could see the beads of sweat running down her forehead. Her brown hair was unkept and messy, and some strands had come loose. Her face was radiant, but soon a feeling of guilt washed over her. Mary-Ann's face flashed in her head. She shook her head and started the shower. It wasn’t right. To think about that. She could only imagine the feelings Mary-Ann had gone through. It wasn’t supposed to be something Karenna fantasied about. And yet she did.

As the noise of the shower rang though the small bathroom, Karenna slipped off her pajama shorts and the small white t-shirt she’d been wearing. Now fully nude, she took a moment to check herself out in the mirror.

Her morning pleasure gave herself some added confidence. She struck a pose or two. Opening her legs, she allowed herself to peer at her entire body. Maybe she didn’t give herself enough credit. Maybe Mary-Ann would be into her. Karenna turned around in the mirror, and turned her head. She wasn’t that unattractive, she took care of herself. Maybe her boss could like her.

Falling out of her fantasy about herself, Karenna was reminded gently by her bladder that she needed to go. In a moment, she was sitting down on the toilet. Her tender snatch was now just inches above the toilet water, with her arms resting by her sides. Confidently, Karenna sat back and relaxed, the room filling with the sound of her fresh pee slipping past her labia and dripping into the toilet water. Quickly the dripping sound of her urine splashing into the toilet was replaced with the constant splatter as it started to rush out of her tight pussy. As Karenna peed for the first time that day, she started to think again as she relieved herself. You had to go pretty bad that day too. The sound of the splashing water in the toilet bowl reverberated off of the walls of the small bathroom. Below her, the water itself started to adopt a yellowish hue as Karenna’s pee added to the liquid already in the bowl.

Soon, her steady flow of urine began to arc back towards her twat, wetting her lips with the excess flow. In a moment, Karenna was done. In one motion she stood and flushed, clearing the discolored water from the toilet. She’d clean herself off in the shower.

###

As Mary-Ann drove towards the gym, the sun glared into her eyes off of the windshield. It was still early in the morning, but the spring sun was always up quick. She was starting her second water bottle, her mind focused on her day ahead. Sarah had arranged a meeting with a large, regional company that handled both land development and commercial buildings. It was one of Sarah's personal contacts, one which she had entrusted Mary-Ann on delivering a competent lending program. It was the deal of a lifetime, almost as big of a deal as getting her own mortgage company about a month prior. Despite wetting herself that day, in front of her protege no less, Mary-Ann was still confident in her ability as a leader to take this meeting. But that didn't mean that it wouldn't be stressful.

Mary-Ann pulled up to the gym, an upscale, corporate owned location not far from her office. She went to the back of her car to grab her gym bag. Her mind wandered again and she started to feel a twinge. She had woken up needing to pee and was a little bit full after driving to the gym, but not too bad. She assured herself that she'd wait until after her workout to use the bathroom. She grabbed her bag and headed inside.

The gym was still a bit quiet, her favorite time to be there. She had arrived a little early so she could get a good workout in and head into the shower without anyone else getting there first. She walked past the reception desk, said hello to the staff and headed to the women's locker room. She found a bench in the middle of the locker room and set her bag down. Taking a sip from her water bottle, she then set it down next to her bag. Opening her bag, she took out her work clothes, and put them into a locker. She was dressed in her usual gym outfit, a tight pair of yoga pants and a form fitting sports bra. She took a quick glance around the room, there was only a few other women around. She started to head back to the workout area when her bladder sent a reminder of her need. She felt a small fraction of desperation, the growing pressure on her abdomen. She knew she could wait a bit longer.

Mary-Ann began her workout, starting on the treadmill. The more she exercised, the more her focus shifted away from her bladder. The feeling of her taught bladder had been much more noticeable before she started to work out, but by the end of her warmup she could almost forget that she had to go. Almost. Mary-Ann began her workout as she always did. Lifting to tone her arms, and squatting to keep her butt as firm and attractive as it was. The rest of her workout tested her hip flexors and traps. Looking good took effort, enough for her to finish her water bottle.

When she was done, the morning sun had invaded the windows of the expansive building and more and more people began to file in. Mary-Ann took this opportunity to use the ladies shower while most other women were just starting their workout. She didn’t take long, only enough to wash the sweat off her body. After toweling off behind the privacy of the shower curtain, she wrapped herself in the used towel and walked back to the lockers.

A woman, maybe around Mary-Ann's age, was now sitting on the bench where her stuff was. A brunette with long wavy hair. Her skin was a little darker than Mary-Ann's, but it was clear that she was in good shape. Given that she was sitting, and it was hard to guess her height, though most women were shorter than Mary-Ann. Her stomach was flat and toned, her arms and shoulders defined, and her breasts were just large enough to fill out the red sports bra that hugged her chest. A pair of tight black spandex leggings rounded out her current look. She smiled at Mary-Ann.

"Hi," she said, "I was wondering if you could help me. Have you seen like a very small rock? Like a pebble?"

Mary-Ann looked at her for a moment. It was an odd request.

"No, sorry, I've been working out the whole time. Haven't seen anything like that."

"Oh, alright. Thanks."

The girl stood up and walked past Mary-Ann, heading to the showers. Mary-Ann shrugged it off and began to get dressed. She pulled out her clothes and underwear, and laid them out on the bench. She was about to put her panties on when her bladder called out to her again. She was starting to feel more full than before. Mary-Ann knew that she was going to have to pee soon, but she told herself that she could wait until she got to the coffee shop. In the back of her mind, she was reminded of her accident. She pushed the thought back. She could wait.

As Mary-Ann began to get dressed, she saw something glint in the corner of her eye. It was the pebble the girl had mentioned. It must have fallen out of her bag, or gotten kicked around. Mary-Ann wasn't surprised the other girl had missed it.

She picked it up and took a closer look. It was a nice little pebble, shiny and smooth. It was a dark grey, the same color as a raincloud. She thought it would be cute to have, like a little souvenir. She set the pebble down on her bench and began to get dressed, her bladder gave another ping. Mary-Ann was starting to get uncomfortable. Ignoring it, Mary-Ann thought the other woman would at least like to know that her personal item was no longer lost.

"Hey," Mary-Ann said. The sound of the shower was muffled through the curtains. Mary-Ann raised her voice. "Miss?"

A moment passed, and the water slowed, as the woman presumably eased the water pressure. She pulled the curtain back a bit to reveal her face, keeping her body behind it.

"Did you find it?" she asked. Excess water was still rushing down the backs of her legs.. Mary-Ann could see it pooling at her feet.

"Yeah," Mary-Ann held up the pebble. "It was on the floor, under the lockers. You must have dropped it"

"Thanks. I was looking all over for it. It's so…” There was a pause. The speed of the water dripping down her leg seemed to increase

“…important to me," the girl continued, "I don't know what I'd do if I lost it."

Mary-Ann couldn’t take her eyes off of the water dripping down the girls leg. It was just one of her legs, and seemingly asymmetrical. It was slightly discolored. The thought briefly came to Mary-Ann is she…?

"I get nervous sometimes, so I keep this in my shoe. If I ever feel overwhelmed, I just squeeze it with my toes." She giggled as the water seemingly stopped running down her leg "Strange I know, but it works!"

Mary-Ann nodded and gave a smile. Is she peeing?

"Well, I'm glad I could help you," Mary-Ann said, "I'd better get going though. I have a big meeting this morning."

"Oh, what do you do?," the girl said innocently.

"Mortgages." Mary-Ann spoke a little awkwardly, considering the other woman was in the middle of a shower, and may have just peed in the middle of their conversation.

"You need a pebble of your own? Sounds like a lot of intense meetings."

Mary-Ann smiled back "No, I can handle myself ok. But thank you."

"No, thank you!" The girl seemed genuine. She added "But if you ever need to destress for real, I host yoga classes here. Just let me know if you want in. I’ll give you the first one free!"

"I just might have to take you up on that."

"I'm Vanessa."

"Mary-Ann."

The two smiled at each other before Vanessa closed the curtain, disappearing back into the shower. Mary-Ann finished dressing and packed her bag. She was still on time when she stepped outside of the locker room. The sun was now fully illuminating the floor and the sound of weights crashing together had filled the room. She took out her phone and checked the time, she would be leaving early but had more than enough time to get to her office and her morning coffee. The thought still lingered with her

Was she peeing in the shower? Did I catch her doing that? It wasn’t that impulse that struck fear into Mary-Ann’s heart. It was the other nagging idea That would be so hot. I hope she was. I hope she was bursting and lost it while we were talking. I hope she was embarrassed. She couldn’t stop the spiraling thoughts. Starting to get worked up, she could feel herself getting wet, aroused and horny with each step towards her car. Other people were passing by her as Mary-Ann walked out of the gym. She gripped the fabric of the handle of her gym bag. Anything to stop the overwhelming sexual thoughts. None of them know what I’m thinking. None of them know what I’m feeling. She opened the back door to her SUV and tossed her gym bag in. Trying to be normal. She opened the drivers side door. She took a moment before getting inside None of them know that I have to pee too. She briefly crossed her legs, almost playfully so, before climbing into her car.

Turning the key, Mary-Ann tried to focus on the sound of the engine starting. She grabbed her wrist with her free hand, hoping the pain would distract her spiraling mind. Stop! Stop thinking about it! As Mary-Ann started to calm, her mind gave her one more flippant thought. I wish that were me.

With that, Mary-Ann started to drive to her favorite coffee shop, her favorite podcast blaring. She hated the idea. Or at least, her logical mind did.

###

“Is that all today, Ms. K?” The nice clerk asked Karenna

“Yeah. I need to cut back on those energy drinks. Can’t be good for you.”

“I see how it is. You just follow the deals.”

“I…what?”

“There’s a two for four deal on waters today. Buy two get them for 4 bucks. Not bad, right?”

Uh…” Karenna didn’t like being haggled so early in the morning, especially not with the line of people behind her. She could feel them staring at her “t-this is already kind of a lot. I don’t think I could even drink two.”

“It’s a good deal.”

“Fine.” Karenna bought two, just to get it over with. They were both huge, she could hardly carry both in her arms as she paid and made her way back to the car.

###

“Culture is best defined as; what you allow to happen” Mary-Ann’s favorite podcaster, Steven Warner, was preaching about business as she drove towards her favorite coffee shop. She was trying to listen. Anything to take her mind off of her morning.

“You see these large companies, especially franchises, with little, or at the best varied quality control. It leaves the customer confused, and therefore, unable to make a continued commitment to purchase that companies product, whatever it may be.” Mary-Ann focused on the road, Warner’s words drifting towards the back of her mind.

She pulled into the parking lot, and turned off her SUV. She sat and listened.

"In my experience, the reason they let such sloppy work come out from the front of the store, is the lack of discipline they instill in their employees. Ultimately, this is the fault of management and those above them. Even - even if they want to tell you it’s not.”

She stepped out of her car and shut the door behind her, pausing the podcast before doing so. Walking towards the entrance to her favorite coffee shop, her thoughts were back to settling on her business.

The line was long, as usual, and Mary-Ann tapped her foot, out of rhythm with the music playing through the speakers, but in tune with her growing desperation.

Hanna, who usually worked mornings, greeted her.

"Hey Mary-Ann! What can I get for you today?"

Mary-Ann felt a twinge in her bladder. "Um, just the usual. But can you make two?"

Hanna smiled and got to work making Mary-Ann's drink. As she did so, Mary-Ann couldn’t help but scan the entrance to the small restroom with her eyes. The line was short. Just one woman waiting patiently, occasionally grabbing at her thighs.

Mary-Ann looked away, telling herself that she’d just go when she got to work. Instead she mused over Warner’s words. Hanna finished Mary-Ann's drink, and called out her name. She tipped the girl, picked her coffee up, and made her way out the door.

Walking towards her car, the feeling of her bladder was now a persistent tug. As Mary-Ann climbed back into her SUV, she resumed the podcast, ignoring her obvious need. It would have been easy to go at the coffee shop, it would have been easy to go at the gym, but instead as she gripped the steering wheel with one hand and her coffee with the other, she couldn’t help but feel the bloated sensation of a filling bladder. It was hard enough to focus on the road and on her podcast, but she found a way. As Steven’s words continued, Mary-Ann began to squirm in her seat, sipping her coffee.

“…Culture is a symptom of both action and inaction, and every choice or action you make in a day was once a thought. As a result, you must control your thoughts, your mind, if you ever hope to control your culture.”

As Mary-Ann continued to listen, she stopped at a red light. She took a long sip of her still hot coffee and set it down in the cup holder next to her. Steven’s words faded as a more pressing need took the majority of her attention. Exhaling, Mary-Ann rubbed her thighs. The light turned green and she held her crotch a little. As she moved the car forward, she removed her hand and placed it back on the steering wheel. Steven’s podcast regained her attention

“…Manifesting shouldn’t just be some ‘new age’ terminology. It needs to be something we use for action. So that we can define the kind of businesses we want to run. Remember, what you train your mind on, what you orient your thoughts to, are what you manifest…”

As Mary-Ann pulled into the parking lot, she turned off the podcast, saving the rest for her drive home. There wasn’t much left in her coffee cup, and she took a moment to finish the rest of it. As she did so, her thoughts wondered to herself. I actually have to pee kind of bad now. I hope Karenna’s not here yet. That way, I’d get a chance to go before our morning meeting. I’d hate to have to hold it that whole time. Even with the extra time I’ve given myself.

She looked out the windows of her SUV. Then she checked the rearview mirror. She didn’t see Karenna’s car. Maybe she parked around back and she’s already here. Maybe I’ll get in there and have to wait my turn. Mary-Ann finished her coffee and put the cup down. She grabbed her crotch as she crossed her legs. I’d probably have to hold myself like this while I waited for her to finish. Grabbing her suitcase and the spare coffee after untwisting her legs, Mary-Ann climbed out of her car. She was sure she’d hate it if she was forced to hold it for her morning meeting. She kept telling herself that.

The office was dark. Mary-Ann was the first inside the small building. Before setting up her desk for the day, she turned on the light. The hallway which housed the reception desk, which was more or less Karenna's desk for now, and the separate offshoots for different meeting rooms was quickly bathed in the florescent light from above. The single use bathroom was just down the way to her left. Still, Mary-Ann walked by Karenna's desk into her own private office. It wasn't much, just a small space with a large window that overlooked the street.

It also housed a small table and a few chairs in case she had to have a private meeting with a client or two. The rug had been cleaned since her accident, but she could still see the slight discoloration in the fabric from when she had wet herself on it. She couldn't help but blush as she thought about it. It was so embarrassing. Despite nearly being a month prior, Mary-Ann could still nearly feel the hot liquid rushing down her legs when she recalled the event. Part of her wished Karenna had never known about it.

Still, it wasn't all bad, Mary-Ann reminded herself as she looked out over the street. It was quite busy now, as people rushed by to get their work done. Cars were going up and down the road. Their little section of the city was coming to life, just as it did every morning. Mary-Ann wondered if any of the other woman she saw below her had ever had a similar experience. She played with the thought for a moment, her bladder reminding her that it needed to be emptied. Still, she ignored it.

It didn't take her too long to get set up for the day. Plugging her laptop into the docking station wasn’t a hassle, but bending forward over her large desk forced her to recognize just how filled her bladder had become. Mary-Ann recrossed her legs and rubbed her thighs together. Grabbing the hiem of her pencil skirt, she exhaled. I really hope Karenna’s not in yet. Then I would have to wait until after our meeting. Walking out of her office, Karenna was still no where to be found. Mary-Ann looked towards the main door. She could see Karenna’s car in the parking lot. Looking towards the bathroom, Mary-Ann dared to hold her crotch, her more sensitive muscles angry at her delays. I really have to go. But I need to set up the room before she arrives. I think I’m just going to have to hold it.

By the time Mary-Ann had finished getting the meeting room set up and ready for the day, Karenna had arrived. Mary-Ann greeted her as Karenna was hanging up her purse. Her protégé was wearing a white button down blouse and a light blue sport coat, with matching blue slacks. She smiled at Mary-Ann

"Hey, are you ready for today?"

"As ready as I'll ever be," Mary-Ann replied, feeling her bladder twitch at the thought of having to wait.

Karenna nodded, "Me too. I've got a lot of things I want to talk about today." Mary-Ann winced, hoping it wouldn’t be too long.

Karenna had nearly finished the first water bottle she had purchased, and put the second one, still full on her desk, before walking into the meeting room with her boss.

“You staying hydrated? That’s a lot of water.” Mary-Ann commented.

“Uh…yeah. Guy was actually kind of pushy. I just wanted him to stop so I just kind of took him up on the deal.”

“Deal?”

“2 for 4.”

“Sounds like the deal of a lifetime to me.”

Karenna rolled her eyes but gave a small smile at her boss’s sarcasm. As she sat down for their morning meeting, she could feel the first effects of the water bottle she had nearly finished. As she sat down at her usual spot, she couldn’t help but notice a coffee waiting for her.

“Is this for me?”

“Yeah” Mary-Ann smiled “I know this has been a bit of a hard month for you. Aside from work. I…I mean it couldn’t have been easy for you to watch me…”

As Mary-Ann spoke, her thighs began to come together. Karenna noticed.

“…lose control of myself like that.”

Karenna nodded and looked down at the coffee. She felt forced to drink it, or at least try it for social graces, but she really didn’t want to. Considering she was starting to feel the effects of her water on her bladder. She gave it a sip.

“Thanks.”

“No. Thank you.” Mary-Ann smiled, her legs were canted forward. Karenna begun to think that maybe her boss needed a break.

“Um…speaking of…do…” Karenna stopped. She really shouldn’t be asking her boss such a personal question

“Yeah but its fine, trust me. I’ll wait. I put those five minutes in my calendar for a reason. Wouldn’t want to delay you.”

“I can wait-“

“No, no its fine.” Mary-Ann stood straight “Really.”

Karenna felt a rising feeling in her stomach. It was as if she was peaking the crest of a roller coaster. She’d been on this ride before. Here they were, back in their morning meeting, and now there was no question that they both needed to go. Karenna hadn’t voiced her need, but it still wasn’t bad enough yet for that. Mary-Ann started the presentation, Karenna watching her closely. Every movement her boss made was amplified by Karenna’s knowledge of Mary-Ann’s current need. She was memorized. Briefly, she imagined a fantasy of her boss not being able to hold it. Quickly, she scrubbed it from her mind, reprimanding herself.

“Karenna? You said you had a lot to talk about?”

“Oh! Uh…yeah! A lot.”

As Karenna began to speak, her mind wondered a little. She needs to pee. Her gaze crept towards her boss’s legs. Her tapping foot inside of her black heel. Her toned thigh jiggling. She’s really holding a lot I bet. Karenna crossed her own legs, a sense of excitement taking her. I need to pee too.

“So with the Richardson’s case from last month, I don’t think that one is going to be happening.”

Mary-Ann nodded, leaning forward to listen to Karenna, her legs crossed at her ankles. The way her boss was sitting was causing her to squirm in her seat. Karenna felt her bladder twinge.

“Why not?” Mary-Ann pressed

“I tried them again last week. I think they’re avoiding me.” Karenna leaned back, her hand resting on the table in front of her. She could feel herself starting to fill up, the coffee and the water both working against her. She looked at her boss. It was more interesting to watch Mary-Ann fidget and maneuver her legs. Karenna tried to take her mind off of it.

“I-I think maybe they went with a different company.”

“It’s certainly a possibility.” Mary-Ann supposed. Her legs were now permanently crossed as her need became more and more pressing. “Still, I want you to follow up with them ok?”

“I don’t want to annoy them.”

Mary-Ann looked at Karenna.

“Fine, I’ll put it on the calendar.” Karenna held her crotch under the table, her blue slacks creasing as she did so.

Mary-Ann was trying to hold herself together. In her skirt, she could feel the air conditioning on her legs. It was cold. The heat from her muscles countered as the tried to hold back two whole bottles of water and a coffee. Mary-Ann was trying to concentrate on what Karenna was saying, but she couldn't help but notice how awkward her protégé looked. Was it because she knew that Mary-Ann needed to pee? Mary-Ann wondered if maybe they both needed to go.

"Mary-Ann?"

"Hmm? Sorry. What were you saying?" Mary-Ann grabbed the hem of her skirt in growing desperation, getting nervous. She looked down at her notes. They hadn't gotten anywhere close to being finished with the agenda. There were still four items left to go through, and Mary-Ann was starting to doubt her decision, cursing herself for delaying so long.

"I said that I also wanted to talk about my numbers. I just feel a little bit like...I don't know. Like I'm still doing a lot of clerical work for you, and I'm expected to go out and get new business. Just feels like a ton."

"I...I know. S-sorry it's that way right now. B-but it'll change." Mary-Ann spoke through her desperation

"Really?" Karenna asked, sitting up straight. "When?"

Mary-Ann didn't have to think about the question. Even in her desperate state the answer was simple.

"What do you think my meeting's about today?"

Karenna cocked her head to the side, still watching Mary-Ann wiggle out of the corner of her eye. Her boss continued.

"One of Sarah's friends does primarily...uh...um..." Mary-Ann exhaled, crossed her legs and bent forward, taking a deep breath "t-they do commercial property and land. Just...just need mortgages."

"Are we able to do that?"

"I'm working on it...did you want to cover anything else?"

Karenna still wanted to talk more about her future. Considering the desperate state that Mary-Ann was starting to clearly exhibit, she wondered if now was still the right time. She could see Mary-Ann was struggling to keep herself together, and knew that if her boss really had to go as badly as it seemed, it would be unfair to keep her any longer.

"No, I think that's all I have right now."

Mary-Ann nodded. Karenna got up to leave, but turned around.

"Unless you wanted to say something else."

"No, that's all I've got. Let's...let's break for a bit. I need some time to..." She exhaled again, then giggled as she held herself. "...I gotta pee."

Karenna wondered if her boss was laughing in desperation or genuine enjoyment. She supposed it was out of need. Mary-Ann wasn't usually so callus with her needs. Given the difference in workplace status with her boss, Karenna decided to let her go first, but added

"Could you hurry maybe?"

Mary-Ann turned around in the doorway "You too?"

Karenna downplayed her need "I could use a break."

"I'll be fast. I just...you know what happens if I don't.”

Karenna laughed nervously as she was embarrassingly reminded of her morning thoughts. She followed Mary-Ann out of the meeting room. As her boss quickly walked towards the bathroom, Karenna set her things down at her desk. She spoke, more to herself than to Mary-Ann

“Yeah. I remember.”

Mary-Ann walked as quickly as her heels would allow. They almost slid across the waxed floor. Nearing the door, she grabbed her crotch, bunching her beige pencil skirt in the front as she did. Feeling the pain of a bladder that was now holding her excess water and coffee for nearly an hour, she had to counter it somehow. Opening the door, there was just one thought on her mind Oh my gosh I have to pee! I can’t believe how bad it got. And Karenna knows too. She knows how bad I have to go. She marched her heels over the tile floor, the black shoes clacking off of the clean surface. Reaching the toilet, she pulled up her skirt, exposing her grey panties. She opened the toilet lid. Instead of pulling down her panties, she instead grabbed herself. Her knees shook, her mind telling her to take a moment. I hope I make it. I don’t want to start peeing myself in front of the toilet. That’d be embarrassing. Finally, she slid her panties to the floor and sat down on the toilet.

She wasn’t sure what happened first. The moan that escaped her lips, or the rushing sound of pressured piss that shot out of her shaved snatch. The toilet water below her splashed as the business woman above it gushed evidence of a full bladder out of her and into it. Mary-Ann couldn’t help but sigh as her bladder expressed its gratitude. Even over the loud splash of the water below her, her hissing snatch was audible. It complemented the fast moving pee that was spraying out of her. There was no room for it to arc out of her, instead spewing against her labia and soft skin before swishing into the toilet below her. Oddly, she felt herself almost taking pride in having made it this time. Especially since it was no secret that she had to go.

The roaring stream emanating from Mary-Ann was finally starting to dissipate, giving way to a much more gentle trickle that spilled out of her tight pussy. Though the small bathroom was no longer dominated by her desperately held pee the way it had been, anyone would have been able to tell by sound alone that the business woman was still peeing. As Mary-Ann’s piss continued to push past her private lips and into the toilet the way a creek pushes past a rock, her more rational mind asked her a simple question

Was that on purpose?

She wanted the answer to be no. She told herself that she had no other options today. And she continued to tell herself that.

What Mary-Ann didn’t know, was that Karenna could hear her. The door to the bathroom was light, and her boss’s moans and rushing piss were more than audible. There was no hiding it. While Mary-Ann sighed in relief, Karenna squirmed in desperation.

As she typed an email back to a customer, Karenna had one hand matted against the crotch of her blue slacks and another on her keyboard. As Karenna typed with one hand, she could only register enough brain power to acknowledge the customers question, and how badly she had to pee. Her abdomen felt tighter and tighter, taut with the strain of holding a quickly filling bladder.

Just before she could send the email, the phone started to ring. With a groan, she sent the email and picked up the call. One hand on the landline, the other pressed against her aching genitals.

“Hello and thank you for calling Adimari Mortgage Company. This is Kar-“

“Why did you all lie to me?” The man barked at her

“I-What?” Karenna asked, caught off guard.

Before the man could continue, Karenna heard the toilet flush. The sound was almost unbearable. Squeezing her legs together and nearly crouching down, she whimpered as the man yelled

“I get my statement by mail. As I always do. I don’t use computer. I hate computers, you can’t trust them they way you can with paper. And I see you guys lied to me.”

“H-h-how?” Karenna held the receiver between her shoulder and her ear and held herself again, her legs wrapped around each other

As Mary-Ann walked past Karenna’s desk, it was easy to see that the poor woman was in dire need of a break. Mary-Ann could hear her stammering as her knees bent.

“S-sir…th-that’s your cre-credit card statement…No we aren’t y-your bank.”

Mary-Ann walked back to her office, ready to start the work day, she hoped her protégé would find relief soon.

As the angry man ranted, Karenna thought of her options. Bobbing her knees, in full view of the glass front door was not one of them. She was tied to the landline, with nothing she could do immediately. She opted to sit. It was the best thing she could think of. As she sat, she quickly realized she was doing nothing but squirming in her chair. It may have taken some pressure off of her. Maybe. She needed something more permanent. Her full water bottle, the second one she was forced to purchase, mocked her with how full it was. Karenna could see the beads of excess water, sweat from the bottle, dripping from the plastic container. She groaned and turned her attention back to the man yelling at her

“Can I speak to a man please? Someone who knows what they’re doing?”

Karenna wanted to hang up. Better yet, she had half a mind to just let go and tell the man that she pissed her pants and that he should call someone else entirely. She chose a more diplomatic option

“Sir if you continue to speak to me that way…I-I’ll have to disconnect the call.”

“I’ve been with this bank for forty years and I’ve never had this kind of disrespect.”

“W-what bank is that?”

“Cox and Creed.”

“Ok, but this is Admiari Mortgage.”

“I…but. Oh.” There was a pause “Have a nice day.”

With that the man hung up. But there was not a second that had passed before the tone of another call came in. Karenna groaned and mashed her pussy into the corner of the chair, trying to contain her desperate bladder.

“Hello and thank you for calling Adimari Mortgage Company. This is Karenna Bryant on a recorded line, who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?”

The woman on the other end of the line had no idea how badly Karenna was holding herself. At least her request was simple

“Uh, yes, hi, this is Christie Evans. I have a meeting with Mary-Ann Adimari at 9:45.”

“S-sure…hang on.”

As Karenna briefly listened to the hold music, she continued to try and hold her now filled bladder. Mary-Ann picked up

“Hey boss, your 9:45 is on the line.”

Mary-Ann asked for her to be patched through and Karenna eagerly complied. After making sure the two were connected, she slammed the phone down.

Exhaling from the strain of standing caused her bladder to contact and a shiver ran the length of her spine. Already holding her crotch, she was now slightly hunched over. Karenna nearly jogged passed the front door, starting to doubt that she was going to make it as she reached the corner of the office space that housed the only bathroom.

The phone rang again.

Karenna wanted to scream an obscenity. Instead she bit her lip, nearly enough to draw blood. She leaned forward, sucking in air as she did. Nearly crying from her predicament, she rushed back to her desk and grabbed the phone. As she said her introduction, she felt the first few drops of a full bladder trickle into her panties.

“Hi Karenna.” The old man’s voice was sweet “I met with you last week. I’m happy to sign this document, but I’m having a little trouble with my computer if you could help me.”

This meant money. One those documents were signed, it was payment and another mortgage on the books. Karenna had to help him. She also had to pee. As she begun to help the man with his computer, she also focused on holding her very full bladder.

It wasn’t her job description to be tech support, but here she was. Trying to guide the kindly gentleman to his login page. Under her desk, Karenna’s hand was jammed into the crotch of her pants, her fingers wedged right up against her tender womanhood. She had scooted off the chair just a little bit, pressing the edge of her chair against her privates to assist as well. Desperately, she looked at her computer screen, as if it could somehow help her. It was just her home screen. There was nothing there to help her. Using the a combination of her hand and her body, Karenna rhythmically dug her pussy into the edge of the chair. It sent pleasurable waves through her body, almost as though she was masturbating maybe it could stave off the urge to pee.

The old man was almost there. He was so close. But Karenna’s bladder was close to victory as well. She would tighten her hold only to realize a short time later that it had relaxed. She could feel more trickle into her underwear. Countering, she cross her legs under the desk again, tightening it more. The coffee her boss had given to her as a gift was continuing to work its way through her body and no matter what she did, her ability to keep her condition discreet had evaporated.

Her breath labored and every muscle tight, Karenna somehow managed to direct the computer illiterate man to the correct screen. He was entirely unaware of her plight. It didn’t matter. She just wanted to pee and get off of this call. The only thing keeping her on the call was the fact that this would close the case and she’d get paid. Karenna could feel a moistness in her panties she had felt before. Not wanting to look, but needing to look, she gently took her hand away. A small patch, not larger than a penny, had formed on her jeans. It wasn’t much damage, but enough to tell her that her full bladder was not to be trifled with. An enemy that was more than capable of tearing through her tightly bound defenses.

As they hung up, Karenna had little recollection of what they had discussed, nor joy in closing the sale. She just needed to pee. As she stood, she felt the force of a full bladder bare down on her tight snatch. It was as though lightning had stuck her privates from her bladder. A heavy, indescribable weight pressed on her opening. Karenna tried, with all the strength her small body had left to hold it. It was little use. As she rose back to a standing position, she felt an almost tickling sensation around her crotch. It was warm. Her legs were shaky. She had to look. It was much more obvious. What had been the size of a penny was now spread across the front of her genitals. She could see the outline of her pussy lips as her piss had turned the blue fabric black. She took a deep breath. Trying to summon whatever strength she had left. She felt a presence behind her.

“You feeling ok?” It was Mary-Ann.

“I...ah...” She could hardly form a single word.

Mary-Ann could feel Karenna trembling. Her body was warm and clammy to the touch. Karenna mumbled something. Mary-Ann was worried

“What? Sorry, I couldn’t hear you.”

Karenna shook as she looked up at her boss. Her brown eyes told the whole story. Fear, anguish and pain were all on display. She moved her hand from her crotch, showing Mary-Ann the blackened stain

“Oh! Oh…you need to…”

Karenna nodded, tears nearly forming in her eyes. Mary-Ann took her by the shoulders, guiding her towards the only toilet in the office

“C’mon, let’s get you to the bathroom.” She walked at Karenna’s pace, as slow as it was.

Karenna could see the bathroom door. She focused on it. Her legs were shaking against her own wishes. Every muscle wanted to relax, exhausted. Mary-Ann’s presence seemed to strengthen her. She wanted to hold it. She wanted to make it. Every step was agony. She was full. Moreso than she’d ever been. She stopped. Mary-Ann nearly bumped into her.

“Karenna, what’s wrong?”

“I…c-c-ca…”

“Hey…hey, hey, no.” Mary-Ann rushed to the front of Karenna’s face, grabbing her chin lightly

“You’re gonna make it, it’s fine. You’re almost th-“

“I…i…it’s coming out…” Karenna squealed

Her best efforts were in vein. She didn’t want it to happen, but she could feel the slow warmth spread from her privates. It came out slowly. A lowly trickle when compared to the noise Mary-Ann had made that morning, but it was wetting Karenna’s panties. As a thin dark streak ran down the right leg of her blue slacks. Another formed down the left. She heard a gasp from Mary-Ann

“Oh my gosh you’re peeing!” Her boss squealed

Before Karenna could react, she felt Mary-Ann’s hand against her pussy. It pushed the searing hot liquid right against her groin, pooling it in her pants

“Stop! You can do it Karenna! Hold on!”

By sexual desire or by the grace of the universe, Karenna managed to stop. She couldn’t believe how good that felt. Once she felt it going down her leg she had done her best. Her wet panties and damp pants taunted her. She could be relieved from this torture if she would only let go. Defying herself, she didn’t. She couldn’t. She grabbed herself again.

“I’m…I’m not going to-“

“Yes you are.” Mary-Ann said emphatically. Her eyes scanned the room.

Then she saw it. The luxury she was denied during her own accident. The trash can. It was right by Karenna’s desk. Without a moment to think, Mary-Ann used her long arms to reach for it, letting go of Karenna briefly. The woman squealed.

Running on pure instinct and a will to help her employee, Mary-Ann clutched the plastic trashcan with one hand and brought it close. Now sitting on the floor, she positioned the container under Karenna. Not thinking or caring about any social mores, Mary-Ann grabbed for the zipper of Karenna’s pants. As she pulled it down, she could feel a sudden warmth. The quick motions and pressing had been too much for the poor girls tired bladder. Her only employee squealed as Mary-Ann felt a sudden rush of hot liquid over her fingers. Karenna announced ashamedly

“I’m peeing…“

As Mary-Ann worked to pull the fatigued girls pants down, she could feel Karenna’s strength leave her. A light hiss began to emanate from the girl’s twat, and as Mary-Ann pulled the already partially wet business slacks down, Karenna was starting to fully let go right into her panties.

They were at one time a blue panty, matching her pants, though with small pink dots to accent. Now they were the same dark color as clear, hot piss splashed through them. There was no time left as Karenna lost control, Mary-Ann grabbed the girls panties and pushed them aside. Seeing Karenna’s pussy hardly registered for Mary-Ann. It was similar to hers, though smaller. Coated in clear piss, it quivered as it now erupted in a stream of clear, hot piss. She held up the trashcan, Karenna starting to spray a strong stream out of her and all over the papers in the trashcan. Like snow on a hot day, they melted under her forceful pee.

It was wrong. Unsettling. But it was nearly orgasmic. Karenna felt the most intense relief of her life. She felt the cold air of the A/C touch her bare butt. Her pussy as piss shot out of it, spraying the entire trashcan. It was loud. Both the usual hiss from her body and the splattering of the paper below. Her pee foamed and bubbled as it made contact with the container. The sound of her hot piss was muted by the now soaking wet trash, but the force was felt by both. Karenna nearly collapsed from the relief. It sounded like there was a small river inside the hallway, and Mary-Ann watched the entire episode unfold. As Karenna pushed, her stream became even stronger. It continued to pour out of her in a rhythmic flow. She was not stopping. She sighed. Finally feeling relieved.

Mary-Ann could feel how soaked her hand was. It was all Karenna’s hot pee. Her stream eventually began to fade, and the now relived woman relaxed her once tense shoulders.

“S-s-“ Karenna started to apologize

“Don’t you even start. I’ll take care of it.”

Karenna’s stream was now just a gentle trickle. A few drops. Mary-Ann continued with a joke

“At least you made it.”

Karenna turned her head and fluttered her eyes open.

“Did I though?”

“Yeah. I’d say you did.”

Karenna smiled. It was then that Mary-Ann fully realized that she was holding the girls panties to the side, and held a trashcan full of her piss in the other arm. She placed the trashcan down. Gently, she pulled Karenna’s panties back over her tight snatch, but in doing so, could feel the girls piss soaked labia. If it was out of curiosity or by accident, Mary-Ann wasn’t sure, but as she pulled her hand away, she felt her fingers slowly brush past the folds of Karenna’s most sensitive area. The girl moaned softly, biting her lip.

“Hey Karenna?”

“mmm?”

“Why…why don’t you take the rest of the day off? I…I’ll clean this for you.”

“Really?”

Mary-Ann nodded. It was the least she could do.

Karenna pulled up her pants. They were soaked at the crotch and one wide streak had ran down her right leg, and another had started on her left. It was obvious what had happened. She gave Mary-Ann a hug before collecting her things. As she left for the door, Mary-Ann couldn’t help but stare. Something about a woman in wet pants. She didn’t know she was staring until the phone rang on Karenna’s desk. It was her turn to answer it. She hoped there’d be time to clean out the trash before too long, and of course, time to empty her own bladder if it came up again that day.

###

Nia Armstrong had just come back from her run when she looked at her phone that she had left on the counter. It was a video message from her best friend Karenna with the title Got the day off though

As it started, Karenna was in her bathroom mirror, and Nia’s jaw nearly hit the floor when she saw her friends pants. Karenna started the video by spreading her legs, showing off the dark stain on her pants. Then she spoke

“Hey girl! Guess who had an accident at work today.”

Karenna zoomed in on her crotch briefly before pulling back. She continued

“So yeah, totally had to piss today, kind of made it. Not really though”

She turned around, showing the butt of her pants to the camera before ending the video. Nia laughed a little as she opened her texts. There was a photo of Karenna’s soaked panties and her pants laid out on her bathroom floor. Then another which just showed her toes, with Karenna obviously on the toilet. This one had a caption

And I had to pee AGAIN when I got home smh…

Nia responded I would actually piss my pants everyday if they gave me the time off. Paid?

Yup 😊

Yeah I would just not go. Wouldn’t even care who saw it. Just be like “oops, pissed myself again, bye.”

😂 You would be the one who pissed themselves in front of a customer and then not care.

Nia laughed. She could only hope her friend was taking it well. Little did she know, that Karenna hadn’t forgotten Mary-Ann’s touch. It was something she could dwell on. Something to make Karenna savor the memory.

*013*2023-11-06 22:31

{{40 minutes ago, orangelion said:

This is a great new chapter! I really enjoyed all the new scenes and I did not expect the locker room shower pee. I'm guessing Vanessa will be back in a future chapter?

}}

I have a few plans for her, yup!

{{40 minutes ago, orangelion said:

The only things I thought was off is that Mary-Ann just pulls undresses Karenna without consent. Since they haven't done anything like that before, Mary-Ann wouldn't really know if Karenna is OK to being exposed in front of Mary-Ann. Of course we know that Karenna absolutely doesn't mind it given that she has a crush on Mary-Ann, but Mary-Ann doesn't know that yet.

}}

I can see how this might be, and maybe correctly interpreted as this, but as I was writing it, I thought it reflected more of Mary-Ann decisiveness in a critical situation. She saw something she could fix and she did it.

As far as the social implications go, I can see this would be problematic, but as a bonding moment between the two characters, I think the scene can still stand on that. Might be a worthwhile conversation between them in a future chapter though.

*017*2023-11-21 14:17

{{On 11/15/2023 at 12:47 PM, Mrsonata said:

I like the changes so far. Looking forward to find out how they start to like peeing this time.

}}

I plan on getting to that point much slower this time, of course with plenty of omo/pee along the way. But nonetheless, they’ll get there. Don’t want to spoil anything too much though.

{{On 11/15/2023 at 12:47 PM, Mrsonata said:

I really liked the shower pee. I think that could easily happen for real. Many would say that they would never pee in a public shower. But happens more then you think. I wounder if Mary-Ann will ask her about it if it happens again and if she will join the pee fun latter on.

}}

I like the way you think on this, definitely I put it in there intentionally, so there will be more between Mary-Ann and this new character as well!

