A Japanese weak bladder millionaire girl - omorashi writer

Author: Kate95

*000*2023-06-02 04:32

Izumi Nakamura awoke at 5:50 a.m. from irresistible urge to pee. She stood up from her bed and run toilet as she could.

But her pussy flowed into her night diaper..

"This morning as usual..", she thought when last urine escapes dropped.

Izumi dressed off her diaper and went to a shower.

After hygiene procedures she approached to the panoramic window of her bedroom.

Izumi live in a luxurious duplex penthouse situated on the 59-60 floors of one of the richest residential skyscrapers in Tokyo.

She can enjoy of city view: Tokyo bay, Japanese Disneyland and Haneda airport. Meanwhile nobody can see naked her on those altitude.

Izumi felt another toilet desire in 5 minutes. She went to pee again.

***

Izumi Nakamura is a 25-years old girl with a very weak bladder and urine incontinence. She was born in a poor family in the village. She suffered from incontinence since her early childhood. She tried to study well at school but she had wet accidents almost every day. So her classmates laughed at her and she hadn't friends.

Izumi started wearing incontinence pads, pull ups and diapers in middle school. But they helped her not always. Besides Japanese conservative society, including her family, didn't understand her very often.

She couldn't go to university after school because she failed exams when her absorbent panties overflowed. She also couldn't go work, because she needs toilet every half hour or more often. And none company proposed so many breaks.

Izumi tried to work online. She translated texts from English to Japanese. This job from home with computer allowed her going toilet as much as she wanted. But the girl received little money. It was only enough for incontinence products, not for food or especially entertainment.

*002*2023-06-03 17:08

Have I should to write a continuation ??

It's very important for me to have a feedback 🙏

&&

*007*2023-06-07 16:39

Thanks a lot for your interest 😊

I'll plan next part (maybe parts) which would give you an answer 🤔

But for some time..

*008*2023-08-07 18:33

Continuation

The Izumi's life was terrible: no normal job, a lack of money, no possibility to leave home for a long time without risk of wetting..

Izumi thought that she was the only such unlucky girl in Japan, and maybe in the whole world. Several times she seriously had minds about suicide..

One day Izumi returned home from a local grocery store. She was at pee agony. She threw her packages and run toilet didn't even switch on the light (no time for it). She quickly hiked up her skirt and.. pee escaped from her pussy lips through her panties right down onto her legs.. The girl sat onto the loo and moaned with relief.

She dressed out, putting her wet panties into the washing machine, and went to a shower.

When Izumi touch her clit she reached an orgasmic feeling.

"Ah...", she moaned and close her eyes in ecstasy..

She peed involuntary again, just after her orgasm.

Young Japanese girl sent a water stream onto her womenhood and finish her shower.

She opened her laptop and quickly write a story about the girl with weak bladder. She must give the name to the main character and said herself:

"Not Izumi.. Nobody must guess.."

She choose name Amaya for her main literature character.

"How symbolical: my own name Izumi means a fountain. And her name Amaya means a night rain. Liquids.. We can't hold liquids because we have weak bladders..", Izumi smiled.

To be continued...

*009*2023-08-11 16:14

Izumi quickly finished her first attempt in literature. The story about Amaya, girl with a weak bladder and urgent incontinence, was ready and Izumi was very glad.

Next morning Izumi decided to publish her story on the special website for young authors.

And her story became a masterpiece: the most popular content of the day on the whole website!

A lot of rave reviews from readers.. And, certainly, a lot of wishes to continue..

And Izumi said herself that she will continue.. A girl with an incontinence has many piquant situations almost every day, very often several per day. So the space for her, author's fantasy is practically unlimited. And she must use it.

Izumi even didn't think about the reasons of such popularity.

"Maybe it is because my story so realistic: my character Amaya has the same problem as me: bladder issues, wet accidents.."

She suddenly switched her thoughts from these philosophical minds to her appeared and increased urge. She stood up from her chair near computer table and run toilet.

A shot spray leaked into her panties when Izumi was lowering them.

And she peed into the loo.

