Back to Master and Servant.. [A Harry Potter Fanfic]

Author: Kazz

*000*2016-10-29 03:34

Hey! Sorry if my writing is pretty bad, this is my first story. I will be writing this story for a while.

This is story is kind of a continuation of "Master and Servant". All credits goes to Sunny for that.

I also am not a huge fan of HP so sorry if the writing isn't that good about HP and the background of it

If you haven't read "Master And Servant", you will want to go read that. Enough of my rambling, enjoy!

###

Sorry for the short chapter

Chapter 1: Draco + Hermione

Its been almost a year since Draco and Hermione has started playing "Master and Servant" and they are starting to drift away.

One day, Draco and Hermione are going to lunch. Like always, Draco and his crew despise the little mudbloods. Draco sits down alone today while eating lunch, and notices Hermione crossing her legs. They haven't been playing "Master and Servant" for a while but he still had the videos of Hermione peeing from first year to all the way to fourth. Hermione was about to get a treat...

A few hours have passed since lunch, and Draco was lucky enough to sit behind Hermione in class. At one point, he heard Hermione whimper. Then she whispered "please, i have to go, I have to pee.." Draco smirked, none of his stupid mates are seeing the scene she is playing.

He didn't know how she got out of class, but she did, without peeing!

After class, she practically ran out after everyone left. Draco secretly followed, remembering all the fun they had playing the game, he really wanted to play again. Besides, he still had the memories of Hermione peeing herself. She was going to be forced to play again.

When they were in privacy, Draco ducked behind the tapestry and found the best hiding spot to watch the show. Hermione came in not long after, doing the most childish potty dance. "oh god I have to pee, I have to pee." She said over and over. Finally, she lifted her skirt and immediately started peeing.

A few seconds after she started, Draco had the brilliant idea of bringing back the game. So he came into view.

"Well, well, well, what do we have here?"

Hermione gasped, wide eyes at Draco, still watching her?

"What the bloody hell are you doing, Malfoy?!" Hermione practically screamed, still peeing.

"Are you done?"

Hermione blushed a deep shade of red. "Yes"

"Malfoy, you are such a pervert, get out of here!"

"What are you doing, talking to your MASTER like that?"

She was wide eyed, remembering the game that they played a few months before.

"WHAT?!"

"I still have the memories of you wetting yourself in year one, all the way until now, and don't you dare call me Malfoy, filthy mudblood, address me as master."

###

Thanks for reading.

Next chapter should be out soon!

*003*2016-11-04 03:41

{{On 10/30/2016 at 4:54 PM, Ranpalan said:

Eh. It's kind of a pity to see a great story that's weaving its characters this way and that get stamped flat in a fanfic. Even grammar aside, this really doesn't live up to Sunny's work.

}}

I know Sunny's work was great! I will never write as good as him, I just wanted to keep the story going :)

