Astrid Hofferson`s desperation

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-05-11 01:08

Astrid Hofferson is female character from How To Train a Dragon. I hope you enjoy.

It was cold day on Berk. Astrid just woke up. She was wearing only white cotton panties for sleep. Astrid quickly dressed up in her skirt with spikes - She really liked it, and it was pretty thought, so it protected her. She got her leather-metal boosted shirt. Astrid had very big bladder. She could hold her pee for a very, very long time. She always wanted to see how much she can hold it, she only once got to the point where she was very desperated. Astrid haven't went to morning pee. The urge wasn't big for her.

She went to Hiccup - they were going to see new island, where might be new dragon species. She got to his house and knocked his door few times. After a while Hiccup opened the door.

- Hi Astrid, I just woke up... - He said with sleepy look on his face.

- But we'll see new island today, you forgot? - Said Astrid. Hiccup's got less sleepy in a instant.

- Oh right, let's go. We might get back to Berk very late if we go later. Just give me a minute to wake up Toothless. - Said Hiccup. - Come inside.

Astrid went inside and saw Hiccup waking up Toothless. It was cute view, seeing dragon waking up.

- Water, wine? - Asked Hiccup.

- Only water - Said Astrid. Hiccup got her glass of water, which she drank in few seconds.

- You've been pretty thirsty huh? - Said Hiccup, kinda shocked.

- Yes, haven't drank anything this morning. - Said Astrid

- Okay then, we shall go to that island now - Said Hiccup.

They packed some food and drink and got on their dragons. Astrid was flying right to Hiccup on her dragon Stormfly. After 30 minutes of fly above ocean, she started to feel very small urge, which she ignored. It was nothing for her. Hour later they saw the island.

- We found it! - Shouted Astrid.

- Okay, land in the middle of the island! - Shouted back Hiccup.

The island wasn't too big. It had small forest, and plain in the middle. They both landed.

- Let's split and search the island for dragons. - Said Hiccup.

Astrid went in part of forest from direction they flew from. After 30 minutes of walk she found no dragon. She got her backpack off and drank some water which was prepared in five 1l bottles. Astrid drank one full bottle at once. She got her bacpack on and went to search more. After a hour she still found no dragon. Astrid started to feel her urge grow a bit. It was making Astrid a little uncomfortable, but she didn't want to pee in woods, so she continued to hold it. After another hour she again drank a bottle of water. Her urge to pee was still small. After 30 minutes she decided to go back to middle of the island. She found Hiccup there.

- Have you found any dragon on your side? - he asked.

- No, nothing else than trees. - Said Astrid - How about you?

- Same - Said Hiccup. - Let's eat something and then we'll continue searching but by flying on our dragons.

They got their backpacks off and packed out some steaks and bread. Hiccup placed steaks on his shield, turned to Toothless and asked:

- Could you heat it up? - The dragon shoot small, hot, purple plasma ball at steak, which cooked instantly. - Thank you.

After eating Astrid drank one and a half bottle. Hiccup decided not to comment.

- Let's get on dragons and see the terrain from the air. - Said Hiccup and got on Toothless.

- Hey, wait for me! - Shouted to Hiccup who was now going up in the air. She got on her Stormfly and flew in other direction than Hiccup. After 15 minutes her urge to pee grew. The water was now getting into her. It was now urge which was hard to ignore. After 15 minutes she saw her whole island part - Nothing was in there, so she flought to the middle where they have been eating. Hiccup wasn't there. She drank half bottle of water. 5 minutes later Hiccup got back, smiling.

- I've found a cave enterance! - He said. - It's in place not seeable from ground.

- That's where dragons can be! - Said Astrid excited.

They both flew to cave enterance, and told their dragons to stay outside. It was dark in cave, so Hiccup turned on his fire sword. Astrid was behind him. Her urge grew again. She haven't had to pee like now for very long time. She started to cross her legs from time to time. She thought that she can hold it until coming back to her house.

- Look, that rock is red hot! - Said Astrid, pointing at rock.

- Aha, so there are dragons! - Said Hiccup. - Let's go! Said Hiccup. They were both going throught long, big tunnel down to the world. There were dripping sounds which made Astrid's urge increase. She started to bit her lips. At the end there was giant room, with a lot of eggs. There was also a sleeping giant blue dragon.

- It's so big and beautiful! - Whispered Astrid.

- We have to get back - Said Hiccup. - It can attack us when it wakes up. We'll get here tommorow with other dragon riders. It's too dangerous.

They slowly were heading back. Astrid happy, because the sound of water dropplets was making her urge grow. They got on their dragons and got to the middle again, to eat before leaving. Astrid didn't really want to - She thought that she might not reallt hold it until getting back to her house. After eating she drank half bottle of water. They got on their dragons and flew back to Berk. After 20 minutes Hiccup flew near Astrid.

- I forgot my fire sword in cave... We have to go back. - Said Hiccup. Astrid has sweated. The half bottle of water made her very desperated. The flowing ocean water below her wasn't helping. She didn't knew if she is able to hold it. They flew back to that island. Hiccup left Astrid in middle of it. While getting off her dragon, Astrid has got hit by big urge because of spreading legs to get off of her dragon. She quickly undressed her skirt to hold her crotch more easily. She was standing in middle of plain in her white panties and no skirt. Astrid caught her crotch very tightly - another urge wave has hit her. She leaked a bit. She blushed. Astrid enjoyed that feeling of leaking in her panties. She was doing pee dance, crossing her legs to not pee herself. She leaked again. Now she felt stream going down her legs. Then another. Her thick butt was now completly wet. Astrid knew that she lost it. She started to wet herself completly. Her panties got soaked very quickly. Her legs were now in streams of pee. After 2 minutes she haven't noticed that Hiccup came to het. She was still peeing and had orgasm. After 2 more minutes she stopped peeing.

- Umm Astrid... - Started Hiccup.

- Oh! - Blushed Astrid. - How much you saw?...

- 2 minutes of you peeing and moanibg - said Hiccup. - I'll not tell anyone but...

- but what? - Asked scaried Astrid. If anyone would know... She would be so emberrased....

- But promise me to do that again. Said Hiccup.

- No problem - Said Astrid with a naughty smile. She was enjoying peeing herself for the first time, and she wanted to do that again.

*005*2019-06-15 17:35

{{On 6/13/2019 at 4:54 AM, hopevansicko said:

I beg you please please make more

}}

{{On 6/14/2019 at 2:17 PM, Exodiuss said:

Oof can't wait for part2

}}

Here you go, I created another story. There will be second part of the new story soon! 🙂

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed1938110933" scrolling="no" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" style="height:219px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/50955-astrid-hoffersons-desperate-journey/?do=embed"

