Fleur's accidents during Tri-Wizards tournament

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-06-27 00:33

I've noticed that there are no omo fanfics with Fleur, so I decided to make one. I'll probably create story about every task. I'm also sorry for not doing French accent for Fleur like in original books. I can't really do that

@@Fleur woke up. It was first task day. She went to the bathroom to suit herself to look good during first task. Fleur took off all of her clothes and went to the shower. After washing herself and using towel she has put on cyan leggings. Fleur really didn't like wearing panties. She has only put them on while wearing short skirts. Fleur wore leggings instead of skirt today because of the dragon. The skirt can be put on fire easier than leggings. It's also easier to move in leggings. She has also put on shirt in same color. Fleur haven't wore bra. She usually wore it when she was wearing shirt. Fleur has done it to not stop her vila magic. Her plan was to allure the dragon. She was thinking about going naked (That's what every vila in old times was doing when they met someone with strong will) but then she has reminded herself that there will be a lot of people watching her. Fleur looked at her watch. She had 1 hour before going to the place of first task. Fleur quickly went off the bathroom and went to her room. Rooms in the school-house mobile building had special menu on the walls. It was changing depending on time. Under menu was table and chair. She only had to point wand at things she wanted and say how much of it she would like to get and it appeard on the table. It was done by house elfes, like in Hogwarts.

"One glass." Said Fleur pointing at pumpkin juice on the menu with her wand. It appeard on the table.

"Two" She said pointing at eggs. "Three" Fleur said pointing at toasts. Everything appeard. After eating she decided to go to the toilet. She had to go a little. When she was going into the restroom someone entered her room. It was Madame Maxime.

"Fleur, it's time to go. I'll lead you." She said. Fleur nodded and followed Madame Maxime. After few minutes they were at the place, in dragon arena. They Cedrik, Harry and Victor went in in same time. Bagman explained them what they'll do. Fleur was happy. Her vila magic should be powerful enought to make dragon forget about eggs. They were now getting dragons. Fleur got mini figure of dragon with number 2 on it.

@@"Common Welsh Green" Said Bagman and went on with his bag, giving the rest their dragons. Fleur sighted. She was prepared for this one. While waiting for task to start (Students were already in the seats, they were only waiting for the command) Fleur felt her urge. She haven't gone pee in the morning. She was looking for toilet, but in the champion's room there were no toilets. Fleur considered peeing herself and cleaning it up with spells, but she would get very emberrased if anyone noticed. She decided to hold it. The urge wasn't so big. The only thing was stress. When it was Fleur's turn she forgotten about it. She entered the dragon arena. When she noticed the dragon, Fleur quickly jumped behind giant rock. She knew that this dragon was shooting a lot of fire at first attack and then smaller shots. Fleur used her wand to shoot red sparks right to her, so dragon will shoot it and she can go left and allure the dragon with her vila magic with less risk. It worked. Second after she has shoot dragon was bursting fire at place where Fleur shoot. Fleur quickly concrecated on vila magic to make it very powerful. Dragon noticed her, but it haven't made any effect on it. Fleur concrecated even more. Dragon was still not affected. It was getting ready to fire... Fleur quickly put up her shirt, showing her breasts for 2 seconds. It worked. Dragon became allured. From the stress she leaked, but she haven't noticed it. Fleur reached the egg, she caught it and then the Dragon stopped being allured. It shoot fire at her. Fleur dodged the shot, but not completly. Her butt was on fire. She took her wand to cast spell to create water, but then Fleur started peeing herself. From all that vila magic, stress and shock of being on fire her floodgates opened. Fleur felt the wetness going down her legs. She moaned from relief. The only thing Fleur knew right now was that she was peeing herself. The fire dissapeard. She was pretending that she was using a spell the whole time. Her face was red. She haven't noticed how many points council gave her. Only Bagman added a comment, which Fleur heard.

"Well, you got yourself on fire at the end, but you quickly casted a spell to protect yourself. 8 points!" He said, and shoot 8 with his wand into the sky. Fleur's face went even more red. After first task no one knew that she has wet herself. Well, atleast that was what she thought. Hermione had omniculars, and noticed that from Fleur's wand wasn't coming any water. She used stop option, and after the task she has shown it to Harry. Only they both knew about Fleur's little accident.

I hope I haven't missed or wrote any detail incorrectly. Soon Next tasks!

*003*2019-06-29 00:55

@@Fleur was really glad that no one knew about her wetting during first task. If anyone knew about that, Rita Skitter could do article about that. Fleur tried opening the golden egg. It began screaming very loudly. She quickly closed it. Fleur was thinking what to do with it for a very long time. She tried doing almost everything. One day, before sleeping Fleur was making a bath. She really, really had to pee, but decided to use toilet after making a bath. Fleur placed egg on the bath corner. When she finished putting water into the bath, she knocked over the golden egg, opening it. It fell right into the bath full of water. The screams stopped. Fleur decided to put her ear into the water. She heard words, but couldn't understand them. Fleur decided to put her whole head into the water. She heard now the voices clearly. She was really happy because of finding out the clue from egg. The bath wasn't really big, so to study words of the song from the egg, Fleur was standing outside the bath with her head in it. She spent over 30 minutes listening to the words, with breaks for catching some air. She completly forgotten about her giantic urge. She leaked, but haven't felt it. Fleur was too focused on studying the words to feel it. After a while, there was a big wet spot in the crotch on her aqua leggings. Fleur finally noticed her urge, but it was too late. She started peeing herself and couldn't stop it. Her leggings began to be more and more wet, finally making them fully soaked. Under Fleur was forming small puddle. From the relief of holding it for so long she started moaning. She undressed herself and used magic to clean up the mess which she made. After bath she was thinking about way to breath under water for 1 hour. After a while she has got idea - Bubble-Head spell! It was easy to cast. When it was second task time, she was ready. After breakfast Fleur went straightly to the lake. This time she could pee in it anyway, so she haven't used toilet. Fleur was wearing nothing for the swimming. When she was outside the lake, she used spell to imitate one part swimming suit. Fleur had to pee a little. In Fleur's backpack (Which she left next to lake) there were her clothes from first task. When they've got sign that they can go into water, Fleur quickly used bubble-head spell and jumped into water. Her spell to imitate clothing worn out after instantly. After 15 minutes of swimming something caught her leg. It was grindylow, small squidlike creature. It began to bite Fleur. Then after a while more of them appeard. They were covering almost all of her body. She quickly shot red sparks in the air. She couldn't handle them. After a few seconds she was flying into the air, by Proffesor Mcgonagal's spell. Fleur was given a towel. She sat with spreaded legs and towel covering her head. Everyone was looking at her. Then she realised that she was completly naked, sitting with spreaded legs so everyone could see her vagina and breasts. Fleur's face went red. She quickly put one hand on her crotch to cover it, and with the second one she used towel to cover her big breasts. Fleur couldn't use the spell to fake her clothing now. Everyone would know that she was using it since the beggining of the task. After Harry got her sister, she was so glad that he has got her. When she kissed him on, her towel fell showing her breasts.

"Oopsie" She said and covered herself with towel again. Fleur asked Ron, with use of vila magic, to bring her bacpack with clothes. He has done it. After the task every spectator, from each school went to feast in Hogwards. Fleur really had to pee by now. After she ate a chicken, soup, potatos and drank 2 glasses of water Fleur decided to ask Harry for a moment. She wanted to thank him for saving her sister and ask for way to the toilet.

"Umm 'Arry, may you come with me for a word?" She asked him.

"Yeah, sure" Said Harry. Ron showed him thumbs up, smiling funny way. Harry and fleur went up the stairs in front of the feast room.

"'Arry, I wanted to thank you for saving my sister" She said.

"No problem, I like to help people" Said Harry.

"I have also one question... Where is the nearest toilet? I really have to pee" Fleur asked. She wanted to show herself half naked, peeing in front of him for saving her sister.

"Oh, I'll lead you, follow me." Said Harry. After 2 minutes they reached it. The girl's restroom. "I'll wait there" He said.

"No no no, you come with me..." Said Fleur. Harry has done as she wanted. When she entered toilet cabine Harry asked her:

"You want me to come in?"

"Yes..." She said. Fleur lifted up her shirt, showing him her breasts, and started intentionaly peeing herself. Harry was shocked. After Fleur finished, she took of her pants and used spell to dry them.

"You want to touch them?" Said Fleur, noticing that Harry was looking at her breasts. He nodded. "Then do so. You can also touch my down parts, my sister savior..." She said with sweet voice. After 10 minutes they went off the restroom. Harry promised to not tell anyone what happened.

*006*2019-07-18 23:15

@@It was finally day of the third task. Fleur already knew what they were going to do. The maze. She trained a lot of spells. Fleur woke up earlier than usual, put on the same outfit which she had during the first task. It was the most comfortable for her. She was really desperate. Before sleeping she drank 2 glasses of pumpkin juice and haven't used the toilet. Fleur decided to hold it until she eats the breakfast. While eating bread with eggs on it, she was trying to sit normally, without crossing legs. It was really hard for her to hold it. While Fleur was drinking water, she was crossing her legs. After breakfast, she washed her hands and still haven't used the toilet. Instead she went to her bedroom and started reading spells which she learned. Just to make sure if she remembers them. After few minutes Fleur felt the water which she drank going to her bladder. She started crossing her legs. After reading the list 4 times, Fleur decided to go to the toilet. She was too desperate to read propertly. Suddently Fleur has got idea. She will sit on the opened toilet in her pants, watching water flowing in the shower for 2 minutes to see if she can hold it. Fleur sat on the toilet, wearing pants. She was sitting exacly like she sits while peeing. Fleur watched the water in the shower, completly relaxed. After 25 seconds she started peeing. Fleur couldn't stop it. After she finished peeing, almost her whole pants were soaked. Fleur quickly used spell to clear herself. Why she has done that? Since the thing which happened after second task, Fleur discovered that she likes to wet herself. It simply turns her up. After her wetting she came back to reminding her spells. After 2 hours she was told to go to the place of third task. Fleur instantly went there. When students of all schools went to the quidditch court Bagman told all the rules and order in which competitors are coming in. Fleur was fine with it. Atleast Harry, Cedric and Victor will probably activate most of the traps... When it was finally her time to go into the maze, Fleur went in and instantly used lumos spell - It was pretty dark in there. She was walking in the maze for 5 minutes now and haven't found any trap. After few more minutes she found a table. When Fleur came closer to it, enterance behind her closed. She was closed with the table only. Fleur looked at the table. 6 potions and a note appeard. She quickly read the note.

"You've came to the potion table trap, and only two potions are the way out. Two of them will not kill you, but will make you lose your sight. One of them will negate the sub effect of one good potion, but will cause really bad effect if drank after wrong potion. The last potion will make you halucinate. One good potion will make wall behind you dissapear, allowing you to come back with long way to your goal. The second one will allow you to move forward, but with cost of your b..... Now the clues. Not everything which shines is gold. Bad people are never the right ones. Frogs skin is really beautiful."

@@Fleur was wondering what was the cost of the second good potion. It was written very badly, so she couldn't read it. Fleur looked at the first clue. "Not everything which shines is gold." She looked at all the potions, but none was shining. Fleur used lumos spell. 2 potions were shining. Second and third one. She placed them a little back on the table. Now the second clue - "Bad people are never the right ones". She looked at the last 2 potions. Both were looking same, only the bottles were difference. Now the last clue. "Frogs skin is beautiful" She was thinking about it for a longer time. Then she suddently reminded one thing which happened in her childhood - She touched a frog and then saw weird things. Fleur looked at the 2 left potions. One of them was changing colors, the second one was black. She eliminated the one which changed colors. Fleur was left with 3 potions. She looked at the two ones which were same. One bottle was shorter just a bit than the other one. She decided to drink it. Fleur knew, that it will open wall in front of her. Potion in higher glass is probably meaning longer way. She was right. After drinking potion from shorter bottle, a wall in front of her opened. Fleur didn't drank the black potion, it was too risky for her. With no another thought she went into the front. Fleur wondered what could be the sub effect of the potion... She only knew that it started with b... Fleur was walking and walking in the maze. After a while she realised that she really has to pee. She didn't stop. It would take too long. Two minutes later she had to go even more. "So the sub effect was getting my bladder filled faster..." Fleur thought. Couple of minutes later she found a fountain. She came closer to it. Fleur suddently felt really thirsty, so she started drinking from the fountain. After 30 seconds of drinking Fleur realised that it was fountain of everlasting thirst. She has read it in one book before. Water flows infinitely, but near it you always feel thirsty. The water doesn't make you hydrated, just fills your bladder instead. She quickly went to the other way and instantly stopped being thirsty. Two minutes later Fleur stopped for a moment. She was too desperate to walk normally. Her crotch was now wet because of her leaking a lot. Fleur decided to put off her pants and pee on the grass. She just pulled of her pants and panties slightly below her butt, but then Krum went out from the corner, pointikg wand at her. Fleur screamed and started peeing herself.

"Petrificus Totalus" said Krum quietly. Fleur fell on the ground, unable to move. She felt like she was stuck inside stone statue. Fleur also felt her legs getting wet. She was wetting herself. A puddle around her started forming. It was bigger and bigger. Fleur just hoped that someone will rescue her (Especially Harry) so she wouldn't have to lay there for hours. Finally after over a hour McGonagal found her and casted counter spell to make her able to move.

"Professor, Krum did it to me!" Said Fleur while they were at the stadium.

"We will inspect i-" Said Professor McGonagal, but haven't finished. She got signal from Dumbledore to follow him. She left Fleur without a word. After a while Fleur noticed, that her whole pants were still wet. She quickly cleaned them up.

