Holo Can't Wait Any Longer (Spice and Wolf Omo)

Author: KitoKitoKito

*000*2022-01-16 00:10

Hi hi! This is a story someone commissioned from me about Holo from Spice and Wolf. Hope you enjoy! If you like it, do consider commissioning me - My rates are $0.025 per word, and I can do almost any kink! Email me at [email protected] if you’re interested. The more extreme, the better - I’ve even written about (and enjoyed) toilet slavery and castration~ If you want to know the details of what was requested of me, check out the last paragraph - I can write things that are very different from this! Hope you enjoy~ -KitoKitoKito

—###

It had been a long day of travel for the both of them, heading straight through two different cities to get here. The exhaustion of the movement was further elevated by the lack of sleep both had gotten the night prior - the inn they stayed at had a party going the entire night. Apparently, that was why they got such a great deal.

The trading would have to wait until tomorrow - Kraft needed to be at his best to get a good deal out of the spices. “This inn looks good. We’ll get to sleep early and take care of the spices in the morning.” Holo just nodded her head, too drowsy to give much of another response. As soon as the innkeeper handed Kraft the key, he began walking up, Holo following close behind. As she did so, she smelled the cloak she was wearing over top of her and wrinkled her nose in disgust. She then sniffed at Kraft’s back and had the same reaction - both of them smelled horrible. They hadn’t changed clothes from the night before and it showed.

“You really need to clean out outfits,” Holo said as Kraft turned the key in the door. “We both smell terrible.”

Kraft lifted a small bit of his own shirt up to his nose and sniffed it. “It isn’t that bad. I’m tired, let’s just clean them in the morning.” He dumped his bags at the foot of one of the beds.

Holo immediately responded by sitting on said bed. “I refuse to let you sleep until you clean them. Have you forgotten my heightened sense of smell? This is unbearable.”

Kraft sighed. “Fine. Give me your clothes. If I’m going to clean, I’m taking the spare outfits with me as well - those need to be washed too.” He dug into his bags and pulled out a few sets of clothes, then emptied the other contents out onto his bed - just basic hygiene supplies. Holo smiled. “Good. Also, try to find an apple or something to eat while you are out there.” Kraft rolled his eyes and faced the wall as Holo removed her clothing, handing it all to him in a messy pile. He took it with his eyes closed and exited the room, carrying it all in the bag he emptied out. “Be quick.”

As soon as Kraft closed the door, Holo took a second to stare at it, realizing her mistake. They had only made one stop near the beginning of the journey, and Holo hadn’t even used the bathroom during it. She considered shouting at him from the door, but decided against it - no need to have the whole inn know about her issue. She opened the door a tad and looked to see if the bathroom was nearby. There was one, but it was all the way down the hall, past a multitude of other rooms, and multiple other guests were moving around. She wouldn’t be able to sneak over naked.

She closed the door and thought about what she should do. She looked through the rest of the bags - no clothes at all, Kraft had taken everything. She considered using the bags as covering, but quickly dismissed the idea - no way that would work. Her only option was to wait. She laid in her bed, holding her tail against her pussy to keep it in - she didn’t need to go that badly, it wouldn’t be super difficult to wait.

And soon, an hour had passed, and Kraft still hadn’t returned. There was no way it would take him this long, she thought to herself. In truth, Kraft had fallen asleep by the fire where he was warming the clothes, and he wouldn’t be waking up for a long time. Holo didn’t know this of course, but she could guess that something like that had happened. She stood up, holding her legs together and squirming. This was humiliating - she wouldn’t be forced to push her body in this way. She was going to let it out, even if she had to do it in their room. And since it was Kraft’s fault, he could deal with the consequences.

She got onto the bed he had claimed, kneeling on top of it, and released her bladder. She let out a sigh of relief as the golden piss began to fall in a stream between her legs. Better to piss on the bed so it would just soak it up instead of having to clean up the floor, right? It dampened the sheets, turning them from white to yellow, slowly spreading out the soaked spot more and more until a puddle of urine began to form on it. It was a slow, steady stream - she didn’t see any need to force it out. Some of it trickled down her legs, making her shiver - it was an unpleasant sensation, but whatever. At some point, a stream running down her legs diverted to her tail, and she quickly lifted it up to keep it from getting soaked.

The stream kept coming and coming - she had been holding for a long time. She eventually climbed off the bed and just started to piss straight on the ground - she wasn’t so cruel as to leave such a huge puddle of piss on Kraft’s bed. As she did so, another puddle of it began to form on the ground, the steady stream hissing as the puddle soaked the underside of some of Kraft’s bags. Some of it fell between the cracks in the floorboards, dripping into another room below her, causing the guests staying there to be confused and bewildered at the yellow liquid dripping on their beds.

Eventually, the stream turned into just a few drops, and the well ran dry. Holo sighed in relief once again, grabbing a blanket off the bed to first wipe her privates and her legs off, then clean up the floor. She had no idea how full her bladder really was, but she didn’t care that much - Kraft wouldn’t even need his bed at this rate, he’s getting enough sleep down there. She threw the blanket back onto his bed and fell onto her own, falling asleep before even bothering to cover herself with her own blankets.

Needless to say, Kraft was very confused the next morning.

—###

Thanks for reading the story, I really hope you enjoyed it! The request was Holo not being super embarrassed about peeing, more seeing it as just something she had to do. The one who commissioned me was pretty specific about what they did and didn’t want, which is completely fine - I knew exactly what to write for them Although I’m also happy to work without restrictions; I have a few times and my customers were definitely happy. Again, if you’re interested, email me at [email protected] for more info!

