[AI] The morning after

By kokandra123

*000*2023-01-21 11:59

Hey everyone. I have been impressed with the recent AI-generated stories posted here, so I decided to try one of my own as a first attempt. The writing below is almost wholly AI driven, with some minor edits along the way. I asked the ChatGPT AI to write a short paragraph for my prompts, which I used to nudge the story in the direction I wanted it to go.

The story itself is very mild, no sexual content or wetting. it is simply a desperation story based on a situation experienced by someone I knew.

***

Kalina groggily opened her eyes, her head pounding with a fierce headache. She lay there for a few moments, trying to gather her thoughts and piece together the events of the previous night. As she began to come to her senses, she suddenly heard the sound of another person breathing beside her. Her heart skipped a beat as she realized that she had done it again - she had gotten extremely drunk and woke up in a stranger's bed. She cautiously turned her head to the side and looked at the man lying next to her. In her sober state, she knew she would have never gone for him. He was unkempt, with a scruffy beard and unruly hair. She felt a wave of disgust wash over her as she wondered how she had let herself get into this situation once more. She knew she needed to get out of there as quickly as possible, before the reality of the situation sunk in any further.

As she slipped out of the stranger's bed, she noticed that it was still only 5am, but the daylight had already begun to peek through the window, a reminder that it was already early summer. She quickly dressed herself in her clothes from the night before, feeling a sense of embarrassment and disgust wash over her as she remembered the events that had led to her current situation.

Kalina was a slim but beautiful girl, with long, wavy dark hair and a petite frame. She had chosen to wear a black lace blouse that accentuated her curves, denim hotpants that were so short they barely covered her bum, and a pair of cute white sandals. She knew that she looked good, but as she looked at herself in the mirror, she couldn't shake the feeling that her actions of the previous night had cheapened her appearance.

But before leaving the stranger's house, she decided to quickly freshen up and take her morning pee. She tried the door to the bathroom, but to her dismay, it was occupied. Apparently, the stranger's roommate was already awake and showering. Kalina swore to herself, feeling a wave of frustration wash over her. She knew that she needed to get out of the house as quickly and discreetly as possible. She quickly grabbed her purse and headed towards the door, trying not to make any noise as she made her escape. As she stepped outside, she took a deep breath and tried to shake off the feeling of shame that had settled over her. She knew that this was a situation she never wanted to find herself in again.

Kalina walked down the street, feeling the weight of the judgemental eyes of strangers upon her. She knew that she must have looked like a total mess, still in her revealing Saturday night clothes, her hair in disarray, and her gait unsteady from the alcohol consumed the night before. She could feel the pounding headache that was starting to set in, a result of the excessive drinking, and her throat felt dry and parched.

Despite the warm summer weather, the early morning air was chilly against her bare legs, making her regret not having grabbed a jacket before leaving her house the night before. She knew that she must have looked ridiculous walking down the street at this time, with her short denim shorts and bare legs. She could already imagine the rumours that would spread once people saw her in this state, the whispers and the judgement.

She walked with her head down, trying to avoid the gaze of anyone she passed by, feeling a sense of shame and embarrassment wash over her. She knew that she needed to get back home as quickly as possible, to take a shower and try to forget this whole incident. Her mind was racing with thoughts of what she could have done differently, how she could have avoided this situation. She knew that she needed to make a change, to take control of her life and not let herself fall into this pattern again. As she walked, the sun began to rise, casting a warm orange glow over the city.

Ten minutes into her walk, Kalina began to regret not having taken her morning pee before leaving the stranger's house. Her bladder was full from all the wine consumed the previous night, and the chilly air was not helping matters. She still had another 40 minutes walk to go, by her calculations of where she was. She tried to ignore the feeling, but it became increasingly difficult as time passed. She knew that she couldn't hold it for much longer and would have to find a solution soon. She quickened her pace, her eyes scanning the street for any sign of a public restroom or a convenience store that might be open at this early hour.

As she walked, she felt a sense of urgency growing within her, and she knew that she needed to find a restroom as soon as possible. She felt a wave of disappointment as she realized that at this hour, all the stores and public restrooms were closed. The pain and discomfort in her bladder increased with every step she took, and she couldn't help but feel a sense of frustration and embarrassment.

A few minutes later she spotted a bus stop in the distance, and her eyes quickly scanned the timetable posted next to it. According to the schedule, the first bus into the center where her home was located was in twenty minutes. She wondered if she should risk waiting for the bus, since the service was sometimes unreliable.

She weighed her options, knowing that waiting for the bus would mean that she could finally use the restroom and avoid a very uncomfortable walk, but also it could mean that she would have to wait for a long time if the bus was delayed or didn't show up.

In the end, she decided to take the risk and wait for the bus. She knew that she couldn't take it much longer and that the bus would be the quickest way for her to finally get home and use the restroom. She took a seat on the bench and tried to distract herself by looking at her phone and checking for any updates on the bus schedule.

To Kalina, these twenty minutes seemed like an eternity. She was freezing, the early morning air biting against her arms and bare legs. She tried to do anything to take her mind off her need to pee, pacing back and forth, crossing and uncrossing her legs, even holding herself at one point. But nothing seemed to work, the discomfort and the urgency only seemed to increase with each passing moment.

She couldn't help but feel a sense of frustration and embarrassment as she thought about how she had ended up in this situation. She knew that she should have been more responsible and taken care of her needs before leaving the stranger's house. She couldn't help but feel a sense of disgust with herself as she remembered the events of the previous night.

Twenty minutes came and went, and the bus still hadn't arrived. Kalina began to panic, her need to use the restroom becoming increasingly urgent. An old man sat next to her on the bus stop, clearly fascinated by her beauty and probably curious about her strange antics. She tried to ignore him, but she couldn't shake the feeling that he was judging her.

Her bladder was aching and she thought about walking back home, but she knew that it would take too long and she couldn't bear the discomfort any longer. As she sat there, she knew that she had no choice but to find a solution. She thought about the possibility of finding a restroom nearby, a gas station, or a nearby fast-food chain. She quickly scanned the area, but there was nothing in sight. She felt a wave of frustration wash over her as she realized that she had no other option but to hold it.

Kalina sat there, feeling the weight of her predicament. She made a mental note to be more responsible in the future and to take care of her needs before putting herself in this type of situation again.

Five minutes after the bus was scheduled to arrive, the old man sitting next to Kalina attempted to make conversation. "Bus late as usual," he said with a chuckle. Kalina could only nod in agreement, her mind preoccupied with her urgent need to use the restroom. She tried to make small talk with the old man, but her mind was elsewhere and she could only focus on the discomfort and the urgency of her situation.

"Wild night out?" the old man chuckled again, scanning Kalina's outfit and trying to pursue the conversation. Kalina felt her face flush with embarrassment, she knew that she must have looked like a mess. She didn't know how to respond to the old man's comment, and she could only force out a weak smile, trying to hide the shame and embarrassment she was feeling. She didn't want to share the details of her night with a stranger, and she just wanted to get home as soon as possible and forget about this whole incident.

Kalina was getting more and more uncomfortable, the old man's presence and attempts to engage in conversation were only making her feel worse. She didn't know how much longer she could hold it and just wanted to get home, use the restroom and take a shower to forget the whole situation. She could only hope that the bus would arrive soon and put an end to this uncomfortable situation.

Kalina, feeling embarrassed and desperate, decided to tell the old man the truth about her situation. "Actually, sir, I have a more urgent need," she said, trying to keep her voice steady. "I've been drinking and really need to find a toilet. Do you know of any place nearby where I could use the restroom?". Her face went bright red with embarassment as she spoke the words she hoper she would never have to speak again to a total stranger. But desperate times call for desperate measures.

The old man's expression softened as he understood her predicament. "I'm sorry, my dear. I didn't realize," he said sympathetically. "Unfortunately, there's nothing open at this hour. The closest option would be a cafe close by that opens at 6, but that's still 20 minutes away."

Kalina felt a wave of disappointment wash over her, she knew that she would struggle to hold it that long. "I understand, thank you for your help," she said, trying to hide the distress in her voice. "I'll just have to hold it until I get home."

The old man nodded understandingly and they sat in silence, Kalina counting the minutes until she could finally get home and take care of her needs.

At long last, the bus arrived, ten minutes late. Kalina felt a wave of relief wash over her as she saw the bus pulling up to the stop. She quickly gathered her things and made her way to the bus, eager to finally be on her way home. As she boarded the bus, she couldn't help but feel grateful for the fact that the bus was just late and not a missed trip, and that at least she could focus on just holding on for the time being.

She made her way to a seat at the back of the bus, trying to find a comfortable position to hold herself. The bus ride was bumpy and it made her feel even more uncomfortable. She closed her eyes and took deep breaths, trying to distract herself from the discomfort and the urgency of her situation.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the bus pulled up to her stop, and she hurried off the bus. She walked quickly to her apartment, her mind focused on the one thing that mattered right now: getting home and using the restroom. Kalina walked the ten minutes from the bus stop to her home, every step was agony. Her bladder was aching and the urgency to use the restroom was becoming unbearable. She tried to focus on something else, anything else, to take her mind off the discomfort, but it was impossible. Every step she took felt like a lifetime.

She quickened her pace, her eyes focused on the entrance to her building. She knew that she was so close now. She felt a sense of relief as she finally made her way inside. She entered the elevator to her apartment, but she lived on the twelfth floor and the elevator seemed super slow. She stood in the corner, holding herself, legs crossed, bouncing up and down. The elevator felt like it was taking forever, and each second seeming like an eternity. She could feel the pressure in her bladder building and knew that she couldn't hold it much longer.

She glanced at the elevator's floor indicator, willing it to move faster. Her mind raced with thoughts of what she would do if the elevator got stuck, she knew that she would wet herself here. She could feel the sweat starting to bead on her forehead as she shifted nervously from foot to foot.

Finally, the elevator reached her floor and the doors opened with a ding. Kalina rushed out of the elevator, her mind focused on the one thing that mattered right now: getting to her apartment and using the restroom.

As Kalina was fumbling with her keys, her old neighbour came out of her apartment, taking her little poodle for a walk. The neighbour attempted to engage Kalina in conversation, asking her how she was and commenting on the weather. She tried to make small talk with her neighbour, but her mind was elsewhere, focused on the urgency of her situation. She could feel the pressure in her bladder building and knew that she couldn't hold it much longer. She could see the concern in her neighbour's eyes as she realized that something was wrong.

Kalina, feeling embarrassed, told her neighbour about her situation. Her neighbour, understanding her urgency, said goodbye and let her go.

Kalina finally unlocked the door and rushed into her house. She quickly made her way to the bathroom, her hands shaking with the effort of holding it in. She finally reached the bathroom and quickly locked the door behind her. She let out a sigh of relief as she peed a river with a loud hiss. After she was done, she took a moment to catch her breath and gather her thoughts. She knew that this was a learning experience and that she needed to be more responsible and take care of her needs before putting herself in such a situation again. She also knew that she needed to address her drinking habits and avoid getting drunk again to avoid similar situations.

Feeling refreshed and relieved, Kalina showered and made her way to her bedroom, ready to get some rest and start the new day with a new perspective.

***

Update: In keeping with the spirit of AI, I used another free AI tool (deepAI) to generate an image based on the description provided of the girl and what she is wearing. Here is the output:

*002*2023-03-04 13:36

{{On 2/22/2023 at 12:05 AM, Potatooo said:

May I ask what prompts you used?

}}

Don't remember exactly but it was mainly nudging it in the direction I wanted the story to go. So like if the AI writes that the bus arrived, the end, I tell it to re-write the paragraph but this time the bus is late. etc...
