Backyard BBQ (Aunt Julie's Secret)

Author: knockonthedoor

*000*2026-01-01 23:36

A/N: And so with the start of the new year I make my return to the Omorashi org fiction section. In addition to new stories, some of my old ones will be continued I'm sure you know which one if you're a fan of my work). To start, I decided to write my first ever story in the 1st person! Let me know how it came out. As usual comments and feedback is not only welcome but encouraged!

###

I’m still getting used to a lot of things. The taste of beer is one thing. It feels like they all have the same flavor, wheat. Then again, maybe I haven’t had enough of them yet. To be honest, I’m not even sure about getting drunk. It feels weird.

What feels normal is this party. The random kids running around, cousins I’ve never heard of before. To be honest I’m not even sure who’s house we’re visiting right now. Still, it all feels normal. As normal as the sun feels on my tanned skin, as normal as the smell of grilled meats and splashing pool water can be.

I feel a pair of eyes on me. Feeling like I should shield my eyes even though I have sunglasses on, I look up from my lawn chair. Some guy. He looked away. A fat kid ran by. Gross. The guy looking at me in my bikini, not the fat kid. I have no clue if I’m related to either, but the thought of it makes me shudder. It’s not that I don’t feel comfortable in my bikini, I was tanning all last month, but what if we’re like first cousins? Or some long lost brother and sister? Besides, there are plenty of other girls in bikinis here, why can’t he look at one of them instead? Trying to forget about that, I decided to lean back in my lawn chair, only to be struck with another feeling. I gotta pee.

The table to my right had all the evidence on it, two waters, a beer and a half of a lemonade. It was sweet, one of those pink ones. I don’t really wanna get out of the sun, but I also feel like I don’t have much of a choice. I’m kind of annoyed now. And to top it off, the wind just blew my hair in my face. Setting my curly hair back, I stood. And that’s when I realized just how bad I actually had to pee.

It feels like someone just kicked my knees out from under me. They buckled and I used my tight pussy muscles to clench. My bladder feels heavy, like it’s half of my body weight.

I’m barefoot, so the grass isn’t helping. It’s almost ticking my feet, and it’s warm. So I’ve got my hands to my sides, and I’m trying not to hold myself right now, but I might have to. I wonder what that guy that was looking at me might think, if he saw that brown haired girl in a purple bikini grabbing her crotch.

The wooden planks of this deck are hot. I mean, they’re burning my feet but at least it took my mind off my bladder for a second. Walking towards the sliding glass door, I can’t help but peek inside. It’s chaos. People talking, sitting on couches and chairs, getting food, more children running around, and I know there’s only one bathroom. Now I’m glad the deck is hot, since otherwise my bladder may have given out just thinking about how long of a line there is. Still, I don’t really have another option, do I?

I was about to slide open the door when it suddenly opened for me. Aunt Julie. She’s taller than me, though I guess that doesn’t mean much. If I had to guess, she’s a little over five and a half feet tall. Is that a measurement? I’m not sure, all I do know is that my bladder is pushing against my opening. It’s like a pinching feeling. I really gotta pee worse than I thought. And my feet are hot from this stupid deck.

“Riley! Hi! How are you Kiddo?” Aunt Julie was excited. Not that it was important but she has a beer in her hand “I haven’t seen you all day! Congrats on making it through school!”

“Yeah, no it was great. Met a lot of cool people.” I really want to keep this short

“Have you found any work yet?”

“Not really.”

This is so awkward, it helps if I keep my thighs together, but the heat from the deck is making my toes curl. Feels like they’re burning off. Aunt Julie doesn’t have this problem, she’s got flip flops on. Maybe she does, she’s got her legs crossed. She’s taking a long drink from her beer, I need to leave this conversation now.

“I-I’ll catch you in a bit Aunt Julie.” I tried to smile but I wanted to be honest. “I actually really need to use the bathroom real quick, and this deck is burning my feet. I’ll be back in a second!”

“Oh hun there’s a bit of a line right now. Come over by the pool with me, we’ll wait for it to go down.”

Great. Of course there’s a line. A small house with like 30 people and one bathroom clearly wasn’t thought out well. Even if there weren't 30 people, it’s not what my bladder wanted to hear right now. I guess I can wait. I don’t really want Aunt Julie to think I’m avoiding her. Plus it would get me off of the surface of the sun. I mean burning hot deck.

My Aunt led me down the steps and back onto the grass. Feeling the cooler texture was great, and it actually made me feel like I had to go a little less. I contracted my tight pussy muscles, enough that you could probably see it through the crotch of my swimsuit if you were looking. But you shouldn’t be. But it really did help.

We didn’t walk over to the pool so much as we were just hanging out in the backyard. It was one of those blue inflatable pools anyway, so it’s not like the yard was styled for it. Kids were having a splash fight in said pool, which wasn’t helping my situation. At least the yard was up against some woods, so the sound of daytime birds was nice. I turned to face my Aunt, swaying my hips seems to help a little. It’s like if I can distract myself with other things, I can hold it better.

Speaking of distractions, Aunt Julie has big boobs. I’m jealous. I mean, I don’t hate mine but hers are like perfect. It’s not like I like girls either, I know that much, but jeez. They’re awesome. Her bikini is awesome too. Her bottom piece is this nice yellow color with a dark red gradient and her top is basically the opposite. Like her big tits are covered by this red that had a little bit of a yellow gradient, and you can’t blame me for being distracted.

“I’m surprised you haven’t been able to find work” Aunt Julie continued our conversation

“Yeah, A.I and all that. I’ve seen a few posts online about people talking with their bosses, and they’re really pushing on A.I in art spaces.”

Aunt Julie flipped up her sunglasses. She has pretty brown eyes “I’m sure you’ll find something. Have you talked to mom about maybe taking the summer off?”

I started moving my legs back and forth again. I’m really trying to be subtle about it but I’m finding it a little harder to focus. It just feels like my bladder is pressing down right on my womanhood right now. Shoot. I gotta cross my legs again. Aunt Julie just finished her beer bottle. At least me not responding isn’t super weird. What were we talking about? Oh right, the summer.

“No, honestly I haven’t even thought about that. Really don’t think she’d let me.”

“Could always ask. Can you put this up on the railing for me?” She handed me her now empty beer.

I turned around and reached up on my tippy-toes to put the bottle up on the wooden railing. Wasn’t the best move since when I got back on my feet, the weight of all my pee pushed down hard, like gravity suddenly kicked back in and crushed my box. I had to bend forward a little and recross my legs. It felt as though every liquid I had was pressing me to leave. I blushed as I tried to refocus on Aunt Julie. She had this little smile on her face, but her arms were folded now, just under her big boobs. As she talked to me, I noticed her slowly crossing her legs too.

“I know I haven't been around as much, but maybe I can find room for you with me.”

Well that helped my need. A job? Aunt Julie runs her own business so it’s not like she’s just saying that. What she’d want with a graphic design artist I have no idea. Especially one that’s pee dancing in her purple bikini right now

“Yeah! That’d be great. What would you need me to do?”

I’m painfully aware of my lower body right now. I can’t really stop moving my legs but I’m also trying not to grab myself or anything. I really don’t want to do that in front of my Aunt and with all these other people around.

“I’m sure I could find something. I’ll talk to your mom.”

That wasn’t very informative. Oh no. She’s looking right at my legs. This is embarrassing. My face feels hot. Dang it, I’m blushing. I shouldn’t be. I mean, she knows I have to go. I told her.

“I’m glad I found you Kiddo, it was kind of boring just walking around. Did you get anything to eat? The ribs were really good.”

I can’t do this stupid small talk. She’s right, minus the beer, this whole thing’s been boring. Everyone’s either older or younger, and I have to piss. Can’t even do that.

“No, I haven’t had any ribs.”

“Oh.”

Even Aunt Julie seems done with this talk. Maybe I’m just really boring to talk to right now. Really don’t know how much longer I can wait and I kind of doubt that the line has gone down at all. That heavy, pinching feeling is back. It’s like right behind my clit. If I keep moving my legs back and forth like this it’s not so bad. This is so embarrassing. Aunt Julie’s looking right at me.

“Riley baby can I tell you something?”

Great. More small talk. She leaned down, a little closer to my ear, so I leaned towards her. Those big boobs of hers are like right near my face. She’s whispering

“Aunt Julie has to pee too. Really, really bad.”

Why on earth is she speaking in 3rd person? I guess that would explain her crossed legs. I’m not really sure if this makes it more or less awkward though. That we’re both here talking and trying to hold it. I can smell the beer on her breath. Wonder if she’s drunk. Eh, probably not. Anyway, she’s still whispering. Kind of tickles my ear.

“I was actually coming out here to find a spot. You want to come with me?”

Wait, Aunt Julie was going to pee right on the lawn? Here? How would she get away with it? Well I guess not right here but somewhere during the party. The whole idea makes me shiver. I’m not sure if it’s excitement or worry or what. I mean, what if we get caught? I can’t help but giggle.

“Sounds fun right? C’mon, Auntie’s bursting.”

She walked, I followed. The first thought that came to mind was actually the pool. We’re already in swimsuits, right? That would be the easiest.

“What if we just got in the pool?” I offered

“I don’t know. Lot of families in there, I’d feel kind of bad.”

“Yeah but we’re in bathing suits. It wouldn’t be that weird to just hop in. Like they’re made to get wet.”

“Mmmph.” Aunt Julie stopped. Hopefully she’s thinking about what I said

The pool is on our right, and the grills are on our left. I know the guys are engrossed in grilling right now but Aunt Julie’s crossing her legs again, and I can’t help but squeeze my thighs together. I wonder if they have any idea that my Aunt and I are secretly looking for a place to pee. I know it’s probably not the first thought that comes to anyone’s mind but the idea of it actually gives me that little tingling feeling near my tummy. It’s like when you were a kid and playing hide and seek and the other person was in the room. Maybe it’s just me but I used to giggle and I’d always get caught.

“You’re right, they’re made to get wet, but people would know if we only stopped in there for a little. Let’s keep that in mind though, ok Kiddo?”

At least she’s taking my suggestion I guess but I’m not sure what would be better. We started walking again, this time towards the side yard. From where we’re standing it’s hard to tell but I think it’s on the left side of the house. There’s a thick wooden fence around the whole side.

“So does this remind you of college already?” Aunt Julie looked at me and smiled as we continued to walk towards the side yard

“What do you mean?”

“I remember when I was going to parties. Sometimes you’d only have two options; get the girls to cover you or hope you made it home.”

“I once peed in front of a boy I liked” I admitted

Aunt Julie looked at me with a smile while I turned red with embarrassment. Before she could continue our conversation, we turned our heads around the side of the house. Definitely couldn’t use the side yard. A makeshift wiffleball game was happening. Actually looked kind of fun. Someone’s dad was throwing easy pitches and both kids and adults were hitting them back. We didn’t say much but we did stop and watch. I bet Aunt Julie thinks the guy pitching is hot.

The only bad thing is that the motion of walking and stopping makes me feel my bladder that much more. Back and forth, back and forth. I can just imagine all my pee splashing back and forth. Aunt Julie’s got her legs crossed again. Me too. And she’s got her hands crossed. I can see one of them holding her pussy. Man, Auntie doesn’t care. Or maybe she does have to go that bad. You know what? Screw it, I’ll do the same. I’m trying to be sneaky about it but we must be quite the sight. Standing here, legs crossed, holding ourselves.

“So when you peed in front of him, did you mean you had an accident?”

“What? No!” I laughed. I remember the night well

“We’d been out like all night and it was like 3am. I had to go so bad. All these places were closed so I had him pull over and pissed right in some parking lot.”

Aunt Julie looked at me with a warm smile

“And how’d he react?”

“I think he was just annoyed. He was dealing with drunk girls all night and my friend Jessica who was with us had like just peed too. And she was laughing at me the whole time.”

Clearly we wouldn’t find our spot here. I think Aunt Julie thought the same since she remarked

“Let’s try the other side. Ok hun?”

We both turned around and started walking back around to the pool. I’m not sure what she has in mind. I think we’re going to be squatting somewhere. Which honestly isn’t where I thought my day would go today but Aunt Julie’s right. This is like being at some college party and honestly kind of fun. More fun than sitting in the sun. So whatever she has in mind, I’m game. You know, since she asked, I wonder if she’s ever pissed herself. I mean, she’s got a good 20 years on me or so but I mean when she was in college.

“Aunt Julie?” We were walking by the pool again

“Since you mentioned it. Did you ever have an accident?” I used the same word she did

She was walking a bit in front of me, so she had to turn her head a little. But she had this small grin on her face

“Oh sure! I mean a few. Not like all the time.”

We laughed. She added

“So congrats I guess”

Our laugh died down into a smile as we crossed to the other side of the house. It was empty. Unused. Granted it was much thinner than the other side but the same big wooden fence stood on my right, blocking the neighbors. There’s one window on the house itself but the blinds are closed, so I doubt anyone could see us. Since I think I know what we’re about to do.

When we were around the corner of the house and out of sight from the rest of the party, Aunt Julie stopped and turned to face me. I’ve never seen her or any other member of my family like this. I mean she is literally gripping her pussy right in front of me. Both hands are buried in her crotch and she’s bouncing, so her boobs are jiggling right in my face. She’s bent forward too with her legs crossed, and we’re almost eye level. Actually, you know what? I’m going to hold myself too. Right in front of her. It helps the feeling too. Aunt Julie’s talking now, while we’re grabbing our snatches

“Honey, I don’t think we can wait much longer. Let’s check and make sure no one’s coming and then, we’ll just pee right here, ok?”

I nodded. Sounds like what I was thinking. This is sort of fun. But if someone were to walk around that corner, it’d be so obvious that we have to pee. We couldn’t hide it. But that’s what makes it exciting. It just feels so mischievous. Before checking the front yard, I noticed Aunt Julie stopping next to the garden hose. It’s near a bush just before the house rounds to the front yard. We poked our heads around the corner. There’s a group of guys in the driveway, standing around a car. Aunt Julie ducked back around, hopefully before they could see her, and she nearly ran right into me.

”C’mon, lets double check the back super quick”

I guess it pays to be thorough, especially when we’re going to be exposing ourselves like this in the middle of a party. Gosh, my insides are tingling, this is so exciting!

We turned and quickly walked back towards where we came from. Aunt Julie’s walking a little faster than me but I can’t tell if it’s out of excitement or need. She’s bent forward a little, which I figure would squish her bladder, but what do I know? Maybe she’s just trying to keep from slipping in those flip flops. In any case, she popped her head around the corner of the house, and I stuck mine out too. The pool is still busy. Some adults are throwing around one of those inflatable beach balls. Others are grilling. I doubt anyone even knows that we’re on this side of the house. That tingling is back. I can’t believe it! Are we really going to do this?

Aunt Julie whipped around again, her hair swinging back with her. At some point she had flipped her sunglasses back up on top of her head, and her hand was laying right over her pussy. She wasn’t quite holding herself the way she had been but it was close enough. I let her walk just a little in front of me. It’s not too far towards the bushes, they’re right over there.

Suddenly, Aunt Julie stopped. She was bent forward, her knees nearly touching, with her hands on her thighs. It meant that her butt was nearly in my face. I could see everything that her tight yellow bathing suit wanted me to. She turned her head over her shoulder so that her eyes met mine. There was an awkward pause. If it lasted a minute it lasted a lifetime. Then she let out a gasp. It was high pitched, maybe more of a whimper. Our eyes still locked in a stare, I’ll remember her words for the rest of my life.

“I’m sorry kiddo, Aunt Julie’s having an accident!”

I’m not sure what I expected out of today, but this wasn’t something that crossed my mind. To be honest, I’m not really sure I was even able to comprehend what she was saying. Like this was some sort of joke or somehow wasn’t real. I learned it was very real pretty fast though. My eyes caught this little dark spot forming, right on the crotch of her yellow bikini. It grew as quickly as it started, and despite all the noise of the party, I could hear this little sound. Kind of like when they pour water for you at a bar. Maybe that’s a bad description. It’s like a low hiss. Aunt Julie must be peeing a lot!

“I just had so much to drink. I really couldn’t wait any more!”

It’s not like I could even register what she was saying. I was too fixated on her bikini bottoms. Aunt Julie brought her legs together, so two streams of piss spilled out of her soaked bottoms and ran down her legs. A stronger flow poured through the middle, and it splashed right into the dirt. Funny enough, it was almost silent as it did. Just watching this all unfold caused my mouth to open. I’m not grossed out, I’m not worried. I guess it’s shock? I mean it’s definitely shock but it also feels special. Like I’m seeing something I’m not supposed to. Or I’m being invited to see it. I feel my stomach in my feet. Like when I used to play softball. That same energy. Excitement. Maybe I could do it too?

“Oh my gosh, honey, look at it running down my leg!”

Aunt Julie was pointing, tracing the piss racing down her leg and into her flip flop. Something I didn’t realize before was that there was a little clear puddle at her feet. It’s really hard to see but it’s all over her feet. I know they’re not super expensive but she’s really pissing all over her flip flops. You know what? Screw this, I want to know what it feels like.

There’s just something about today. Feels like a dream. A trance. But if there’s any time in my life that I can do this, it's now. Just feels safe. Like it’s right to do it in front of Aunt Julie. Besides, she’s almost finished going. I widened my stance, and took a deep breath. Pushed. Nothing. Relaxed. Nothing still. So I tried both. Maybe if I listen to Aunt Julie going.

Suddenly there was something. A quick rush. It was quick. I took my opportunity. Relaxing again I felt another small wetness. Then another. Then a short, flowing feeling. It was warm. Right at my crotch. Unlike anything I’ve ever felt before. I widened my stance. Took another deep breath and put my hands on my hips. It felt warm again. But this time I was prepared. I didn’t stop it or move another muscle.

A warm liquid was spilling into my purple bikini. I couldn’t help but open my eyes. I was doing it! I was peeing myself! For the first time in my adult life I was really doing this! The fabric was now starting to turn black around my crotch, unlike Aunt Julie though, my legs were far apart, so I just had one trickling stream that was just making it out of my swimsuit and onto the grass. So rather than sticking to my legs, my piss just kind of fell off of me.

“Aw Riley! Baby you’re peeing too?”

“Mmph” I couldn’t really talk over the feeling

Aunt Julie had finished pissing, and right now she’s looking at me. It’d be unnerving but I’m not really sure if I can stop now. She started walking towards me, which wasn’t more than a few steps, and the only sound between us is the light hiss coming from my pussy and the soft sound of my piss splashing into the lawn. I guess I can kind of hear Aunt Julie’s flip flops squelching as she took an extra step.

“Sweetie it’s ok” She was right in my ear, nearly whispering “You just let it all out right here.”

She touched my thigh. It was electric. Like every neuron in my brain was active. It just feels so wrong to be doing this right here. Peeing so freely. And yet. It’s so comfortable, so naughty. She’s rubbing my back now, it’s so gentle. My shoulders are slouched, arms resting at my sides. I couldn’t help but close my eyes again as I finished peeing. I don’t want this moment to end.

“Feel better?” Aunt Julie asked me gently

I nodded and smiled before opening my eyes again. Aunt Julie was smiling too. Radiant. In the shadow of the house, our devious deed had gone completely unnoticed. Well, almost. We still have these massive wet patches right on our crotches. If anyone took a look at us for more than a second they’d know that we completely peed ourselves. I’m not really sure what else Aunt Julie has in mind though, since she’s now pulling up her soaked bottoms right through her pussy lips. Talk about a camel toe, her lips are coming out of the sides. I can basically see her whole snatch.

“Thanks for doing that with me Riley.” Aunt Julie snapped her soaked bottoms back into place “I haven’t had that much fun in a while!”

“Uh yeah…sure!”

When she said fun, I wasn’t expecting her to mean ‘piss in our swimsuits’. I guess no one really would be. But I would totally do this again with her if she asked. Come to think of it, if I took her up on that job offer, would she ask me to do this again?

“Riley baby, come here” She motioned me over to the hose, laying next to the bushes.

As I walked over she mentioned

“Got to keep our secret.”

With that, she began to spray me down with the hose. I mean, she’s right. We have to keep our secret. Just between us.

A/N: So what'd you think? Should I do other stories in the 1st person? Did you like this one? Is there anything you'd do differently, or would have rather seen? Since Riley's mom is Aunt Julie's sister, obviously, do you think she knows about this "secret?" Have a happy new year and I'll see you around the fiction section once again!


