The Cartel Boss' Daughter

Author: keyaru-sama

*000*2021-05-23 19:36

Althea San de Guzman was raised into a wealthy family, lived a luxurious lifestyle and owns her own personal villa in Fiorano, Italy at the age of 21. While the rest of her family worked as a part of a cartel operating in South America, she distanced herself from them as far away as possible. But her father, Valentino San de Guzman, who is the head of the cartel and who loves her as much as he loves his cartel business, spoils her with millions earned by the cartel.

She lives alone in her million dollar villa. With a view of morning sunrises, she has a whole mansion to herself with no one to bother her. But to keep the mansion running smoothly, she hired a ton of maids to get work done. while many men tried to earn her heart, they were all rejected by her. Mainly because she doesn't find any of them to be interesting but most importantly, she's looking for someone who share the same kinks, piss kinks to be exact. She finds pleasure in holding her pee all day then letting it out at her limit. She pees in her pants, pajamas, dresses, or even on the floor when she's really horny. But she also enjoys watching others who need to pee. Which is why she only hires women to work for her. She adores watching other girls having the need to pee. She picks one of her cute maids, puts a little something that makes her need to pee more than usual, then watch as they squirm and try to hold it until they piss themselves.

When they try to find the nearest room, she corners them and try to buy as much time until they can no longer hold it in. But if they manage to hold the floodgates in after doing an entire day's work, she asks them to come assist her with something, takes them to her dungeon, and does all of her fantasies as she tries to make her maids piss themselves. It could either be bondage, tickled, teasing with toys, or just waiting until they can't hold it anymore, it all happens here.

One of her fantasies is to have her maids to turn on her and have them try to make them pee. To make sure they're comfortable with these activities, she establishes a relationship with her maids and try to get close to them before trying to make them pee. Whenever a new girl comes, she befriends them and makes sure they're comfortable and enjoy working under her. Then when they manage to settle in, she does her usual routine of trying to get them to pee during work. Once they pee themselves in shame, she comforts them and let's them know she doesn't have to feel ashamed. Then at that point, she knows that the maid is a keeper.

I'll be continuing this story with multiple girls in the future. Possible to include male characters but seems unlikely for now. And all characters in this story will be depicted above the age of 18. Feel free to leave some thoughts and ideas down below. Will continue as soon as I can.

*002*2021-05-31 20:48

So this first story will be about how Althea originally developed this kink. Before she moved out, Althea lived with the rest of her family at the San de Guzman manor. It was a huge manor that has swimming pools, a large garden, basketball and tennis courts, and even a large range for horseback riding. The mansion itself was 3 stories with multiple bedrooms on each floor. But on each floor there's only 2 bathrooms available, one consisting of showers bathtubs while the other had the toilets and urinals. The only bathroom that has showers and toilets is the one in the master bedroom. The maids at the manor are allowed to use one toilet which they only have access to on the first floor.

Growing up, Althea's parents were busy all the time. Her mother was working in the states as a fashion designer for models and celebrities. While her father manages the cartel's operation in South America. Her two older brothers have gone on to work along side their father in the cartel. Althea only had the maids at the manor to accompany her. All of them were like older sisters to her since they were the only ones there for her when her parents aren't home.

One time she was playing with one of the maids named Selena. They played tennis all morning during a hot sunny day. They had a cooler filled with drinks at the side of the court so they wouldn't get dehydrated when playing and have walk a long way back to the manor to grab another drink. Althea didn't get tired easily and only had to drink 2 bottles of water every now and then. Selena on the other hand, who wasn't into sports, got tired and dehydrated easily. During the time they played, she drank around 7 or 8 bottles of water. And before that, she had 2 cups of coffee.

After a while, Selena had to call for a quick pause to catch her breathe, but in reality all of the liquid she drank was slowly filling up her bladder and she will be looking to use the bathroom soon. Althea noticed Selena hopping around and fidgeting while they were playing and asked if she was alright. Selena responded with her saying she was ok and was just catching her breathe. They continued to play for a while longer until Selena gave up and said she was tired and wanted to stop, but it was really just her bladder reaching her limit.

Althea went ahead and returned to the mansion while Selena had to carry the cooler back with a full bladder. Every step she takes could end up in a leak or even loosing control if she isn't careful. When she was near the entrance to the manor, she lost her grip to the cooler for a second and let out a small leak but barely managed to hold in the rest. When she got into the manor, she placed the cooler in the kitchen and immediately headed to the maid's restroom located by the main entrance of the manor, which is a few meters away from the kitchen. But when she got there, the toilet was occupied by one of the maids, saying it was being cleaned.

Selena was outside of the bathroom door, fidgeting and crossing her legs desperately trying not to wet herself. She was considering on sneaking onto the second floor to use the toilet there when one of her fellow maids stopped her, saying they need help in unloading some packages from Althea's mother, Michaela San de Guzman, which arrived from the US. Selena was trying desperately not to let out another leak and was hoping by the time they were done, the toilet would be available for use. She had to stop once or twice to grab her crotch because it was getting hard to stop any leaks.

Meanwhile Althea noticed Selena's predicament, seeing her fidgeting and grabbing her crotch often which turned her on a bit. Selena then had to let go of her crotch and compose herself when her fellow maids were waiting for her to bring in the package she carried. Once they were done unloading the packages, Selena checked on the toilet to find it occupied already by another maid. She was waiting frantically outside but felt another leak come out. She had no choice but to try to sneak into the bathroom in the second floor. No one seemed to notice her except Althea, who went to get inside the bathroom and lock herself in there. She also opened up the security footage that she can access on her phone to spy on Selena who was hobbling up to the 2nd floor, with both of her hands on her crotch trying not to piss in her maid outfit.

When she reached the bathroom, she tried to open the door to only realize that it was occupied. She knocked asking if Althea was in there, to which she replied with yes saying she had a bad stomach ache. She pleaded to let her in the bathroom just this once since she was bursting and dying to relieve herself. Althea replied saying she'll be there for a while due to her upset stomach, which isn't true and only doing it to waste time. She also said that Selena wasn't supposed to be up here. She continued to beg to let her in as she's fidgeting and wobbling all over the place, which Althea can see clearly through the security camera outside the bathroom. When she felt another leak come out followed by a spasm in her bladder, she immediately headed towards the 2nd bathroom, the one with the showers. Althea went through the cameras to find the one outside the showers, seeing Selena walk in with both hands on her crotch.

She was also able to access the hidden the camera inside that bathroom, seeing Selena hop into one of the shower stalls. But by the time she lifted her skirt and tried to undo her stockings and panties, she could no longer hold it anymore. Pee started to flow out of her just as she lifted her skirt, wetting her stocking, her panties, and a small part of the rear of her skirt. She tried to grab her crotch to stop it did nothing to stop it. Althea in the other bathroom, still watching Selena release half a day's worth of pee from her bladder, was really turned on and started touching her private parts. She also felt the need to pee, not having to pee since the morning as well, but continued to touch herself.

After masturbating for a few minutes, Althea eventually ended up peeing on the toilet, getting her leggings wet during the process. After cleaning up, Selena headed to her quarters to get changed. Meanwhile Althea returned to her room, still horny after witnessing one of the maids close to her pee themselves. It was here her piss kink activated and wished to redo what she just witnessed, this time getting desperate along with her.

