Morgan's ultrasound (fictional story)

Author: Karly_cr

*000*2023-04-30 13:51

October 19, 2003 - Morgan's alarm clock blared at her to wake up, she rolled over and tried to turn it off, after about 10 seconds she finally found the button to turn it off. The clock read 9:30 AM, Morgan gasped, remembering her ultrasound appointment scheduled for 10 am. Morgan quickly changed out of her pajamas and put on black lace panties, red tight leggings and a white t-shirt and socks.

Time: 9:35 AM - Morgan had just 5 minutes before she had to drive to her ultrasound. Morgan quickly relieved her bladder of the pee that had gathered overnight. She grabbed her car keys, cellphone and her wallet. She slipped her feet into her shoes and tied her laces faster than she has ever tied them and she sprinted out the door to her car, locking it behind her. Forgetting the 1 liter bottle of water and the 'ultrasound requirements' note on the kitchen table.

Time: 9:40 AM - Morgan only had 20 minutes to make the 30 minute drive to the clinic. She started her car and peeled out of the driveway and began the city drive to the clinic. Morgan was lucky that day because she hit no red lights an arrived right on 10 o'clock, she pulled her car into the clinic parking garage, she got out of her car and hurried into the clinic. Morgan went up to receptionist desk and said "I'm here for an ultrasound at 10 o'clock", the receptionist lady picked up the phone and proceeded to call somebody saying "Morgan is here to be seen for ultrasound", 15 seconds later one of the sexiest ultrasound techs walks out to the waiting room and calls Morgan back to be scanned, "come on Morgan, let's get you scanned", Morgan followed a little bit behind her, admiring how the tech's scrubs hugged her booty and built thighs.

So, what is your name? Morgan asked the tech. Samantha but you can call me Sam, the tech replied. Samantha entered the ultrasound room and Morgan followed suit, Samantha shut the door and locked it behind her.

"Alrighty Morgan, be honest, is your bladder full?" Samantha asked. "I'm really really sorry, I was in a rush and didn't have time to drink water. Do I need to reschedule?" Morgan asked, "No, I can give you water to drink" Said Samantha. "Okay, good", Morgan replied. "Be right back Morgan". Samantha unlocks the door and leaves the room. Samantha walks to the fridge and grab the 2 liter bottle of water and then Samantha goes into the cabinet and grabs Diuretics and walks back to the ultrasound room. Samantha walks back into the room, bottle in one hand and diuretics in the other. "Take this and finish this 2 liter bottle of water" Samantha said. "I can't hold all that" Morgan replied, "you have to, doctors orders". "FINE... I will drink it" Morgan replied. "Before you chug it, remove your pants and shirt for me please", Morgan removed her leggings and then shirt, leaving only her bra and panties. "Now you can drink it" Samantha said.

Morgan took the diuretics and quickly drank the 2 liters. "Good job, let's get started. Hop up on the table and pull your panties down to just below your hips" Samantha said. Morgan hopped up onto the table and lowered her panties. "Is that good?" Morgan asked, "perfect" Samantha replied.

Samantha walked over to the cabinet and grabbed the ultrasound jell and ultrasound machine wheeling it closer to the bed. "Alrighty Morgan, I'm going to apply this ultrasound jell to your belly and then I'm going to see how full your bladder is" Samantha said. "Alright" Morgan replied.

Samantha applied lots of ultrasound jell to Morgan's belly and gently places the probe over Morgan's bladder. "I can see a little bit of fluid in there, maybe 200 mililitres. Do you have an urge yet?" Samantha said, "nope, no urge" Morgan replied. "I'm going to leave you here while your bladder fills, I have a pregnant woman who needs scanning. Be back in an hour" Samantha sets down the ultrasound probe on the ultrasound machine and leaves the room, locking the door.

Morgan picks up the ultrasound probe and places it on her bladder, ultrasound shows 400 mililitres in her bladder, very slight urge.

10 minutes later - Morgan scans her bladder again, 800 mililitres inside, moderate urge.

20 minutes later - 1,200 mililitres inside, strong urge, bulging slightly.

30 minutes later - 1,600 mililitres inside, massive urge, bulging bigger.

40 minutes later - 1,800 mililitres inside, extreme urge, bulging even bigger.

50 minutes later 1,900 mililitres inside, extreme urge, huge bulge.

60 minutes later - "where is Samantha, I'm going to explode" Morgan cried, squeezing legs shut hard, bulging hugely, sweating with effort.

"I'm back... I brought a tech in training, her name is Isabelle and she will help me scan you" Samantha would hand Isabelle the ultrasound probe, "scan the upper belly Isabelle" Isabelle pushes probe deep into Morgan's upper belly and slowly moves probe towards Morgan's bladder, "my bladder is bulging out so much, I can't hold it" Morgan begs. Isabelle continues to push firmly on Morgan's massive bladder bulge. "roll onto your left side Morgan" says Samantha, Morgan rolls over slowly, her pee sloshing like crazy making her leak. "I'm leaking, I can't hold it in anymore". Cried Morgan. Samantha pulled Morgan closer and braced Morgan against her thighs, Isabella placed the probe over Morgan's bladder and Pushed with all her strength. Morgan gushed like a geyser until all of Morgan's bladder was empty.

