I Think my Boss Needs to Pee: Rewetting - Page 2

Author: knockonthedoor

*031*2024-03-25 03:05

A/N: I'm sorry for the long wait on this one. Still, I think its a good setup for Mary-Ann's struggles going forward and her needing to cope with them. Let me know what you think! Also, for fans of wetting scenes. When the interludes come back and we get to chapter 2, be ready! Have plenty of those planned. In the meantime, any and all feedback is appreciated!

Chapter 1.5: Mary-Ann's morning pee

It was time to get up. Mary-Ann knew that. It was a workday, and this was the time she awoke every morning, rain or shine. Yet here she lay. Wrapped in the warm shroud of her bed, away from the noise and complications of her waking life, Mary-Ann wanted to do anything but get up. The only thing keeping her eyes open was the sound of her alarm. It blasted away at her ear drums, conspiring with her conscious to keep her awake.

Mary-Ann’ clock almost mocked her with the early morning hour. If she could, she'd go back to sleep. But this is what she wanted. She knew that. To be the boss, to own her own business. To take on the challenges and the perks of such a life. Part of her wondered if it was just all a bit more challenging than she had initially imagined.

Mary-Ann sighed. There was no going back to sleep. She had to get up. There was no way she was getting out of work. Especially not with her agenda today. Looking at her clock, Mary-Ann groaned and complied. She slapped her hand down on the switch, silencing the loud device. She swung her legs out and put her feet on the floor, sitting up and stretching her arms above her head. Her eyes felt gritty, her brain foggy and her body sluggish. It was the opposite of what she wanted to be.

Mary-Ann sat on the edge of her bed and faced the window. At least she had beat the sun up again. She could take some solace in that she had already won something that day. But even the toughest of champions rested. She knew that. And yet, she stood. Yawning, she stretched again.

Without a second thought, Mary-Ann slipped off her panties as she walked over to her dresser. Now just in her white t-shirt, the third floor of the apartment complex had quite the sight. With only her large breasts covered, Mary-Ann’s well-toned and shapely butt was visible, even in the dim light of the apartment and the dark of the early morning. Gathering her work and gym clothes, each movement of her long legs and hinging hips as she grabbed her clothes threatened to expose her soft, shaved genitals. Mary-Ann wasn’t giving it a second thought.

It was when she reached down for the bottom drawer that the tired Mary-Ann became a spectacle. Bending forward, her buttocks parted slightly. Every private hole and contour was exposed. Her tight, gentle pussy and athletic build would have stopped anyone in their tracks. With the light on and the black of the hour, she stood out. For Mary-Ann it was only luck that the sidewalk next to her building was quiet. Should any other renter have looked through her window, they would have seen that blonde boss baring all her secluded areas. Only when Mary-Ann slipped on her new grey panties and grey sweatpants did the wonderful display reach a new level.

Her white t shirt came off next, exposing her larger than average breasts. Tossing it onto the floor, Mary-Ann quickly slipped on a sports bra and black tank top. Now covered and ready for the gym, Mary-Ann’s unwitting show came to a close. As quiet and unknown as it had begun.

Chucking her work clothes into a duffel bag, she was sure she had everything. Skirt, boots, bra, blouse, makeup kit. Mentally she wen through her list as she filled her large plastic water bottle. The purple bottle was more of a container than it was a bottle. A half-gallon capacity which she’d down at room temperature between now and the end of her workout. That was her routine. Every morning. What was also part of her routine was peeing shortly after waking. Mary-Ann’s bladder reminded her of this gently. Looking at the clock, she did a quick equation in her head. 6 minuets behind, takes 15 to get to the gym, another 20 to Karenna’s I think. She paused, her mind took her back over the past few events, asking her if she had learned anything. Still, the boss of Adimari Mortgage pressed on. I’ll just pee when I get to the gym. With that, her water bottle filled. Taking a sip, she screwed the cap on and made her way to her SUV.

The silhouettes of suburban homes and communities intermingled with the treetops as the morning fog rolled over the road. They were always there. A constant. What was less consistent was Mary-Ann’s choice of audio. Sometimes it was music, most of the time it was Steven Warner’s podcast, but this morning it was silence. Nothing was in her mind aside from her meeting that morning and the dull urge to pee, both of which she’d like to keep at bay. The street light was red. Mary-Ann stopped the SUV and sighed. Her phone buzzed, her car reading the text aloud

Text from Denarzi, Sarah. The robotic voice read aloud Let me know on your meeting today. Lou is already trying to pull back.

That was just what Mary-Ann needed. Something else to consider. Even in the early hours of the morning, she gave Sarah a call.

“Morning.” Sarah picked up immediately

“Got your text.”

“Naturally.” There was a pause “Anyway, I was talking to Lou the other night and I don’t know. He seemed. Apprehensive.”

Mary-Ann groaned “So is he out?”

“No.” Sarah said curtly “Of course not, but I don’t think he’s your biggest fan, I’ll say that much.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“He seemed to think you were distracted. Or at least aloof. That’s the word he used.” Sarah paused again “I know why you were distracted, but you didn’t make a good first impression.”

“If you’d have let me go-“

“Don’t put this on me.” Sarah cut her off “We’ve all been there, I’m not blaming you. But most of us can hold a conversation no matter how bad it is.”

Mary-Ann could see the bright lights bursting through the glass windows of the gym. They called to her, just another block away or so. Sitting upright in her drivers seat, her slight urge to pee and frustration from her life got to her. She snapped at Sarah, almost yelling

“You know what? Screw him, and screw this. I don’t need you calling me some sort of failure right now, I really don’t. It’s five in the morning for crying out loud. You couldn’t have put this in a text?”

Not a word more was spoken between the two as Mary-Ann pulled into the parking lot. Not lasting for more than a minute, it was still tense. Mary-Ann’s initial impulse was to apologize but before she could, Sarah interjected

“I had more to say. Call me back when you’re ready for a real conversation.”

With that, she hung up.

Mary-Ann felt a flash over anger wash over her, then guilt. Then anger again. She didn’t know what to feel. She was only desperate at Sarah’s insistence that Mary-Ann keep her composure, or not showing weakness. Part of her could see the logic in higher pressure negotiations, the other part of Mary-Ann argued that she had to pee before the meeting, and she should have peed just to be safe and present. These thoughts swirled as she carried her water bottle and her duffle bag into the well lit gym.

Ignoring the receptionists who she would normally at least greet with a smile, Mary-Ann marched her way into the locker room, her bladder now irritated that she hadn’t released her morning pee. When she swung the locker room door open, she was greeted with something her bladder didn’t want to see.

Both the toilets stalls were in use, and a small line of three girls were waiting to use it. The woman directly in front of her was jiggling in her black yoga pants, and Mary-Ann knew instantly why. The showers were occupied, not that it was an option for her, but Mary-Ann was flooded with the memory of Vanessa. Feeling a tingle of excitement and a twinge in her bladder, Mary-Ann was presented with an option. She could take her own advice and chief complaint with Sarah, and wait in this line, or she could do her workout and hold it. She looked at her phone. Doing the math in her head, despite her bladder slowly demanding more attention, Mary-Ann figured she might be able to cut a few reps out of her workout if she went now. She thought, then asked the woman in front of her

“Excuse me. I’m sorry, but have you been waiting long?”

The other woman turned, her brown ponytail flapping behind her as she did. She was shorter than Mary-Ann, athletic, and wore a white athletic shirt. As her knees bounced, her hand was near her crotch.

“Ah…oh! O-you need to go too?”

“Um…kind of. Honestly I just want to figure out if I should do my workout first or not.”

“Thank g-goodness, I was really hoping you weren’t going to ask to cut.” The woman laughed nervously

Mary-Ann shook her head, still stewing from her conversation with Sarah, her usual smile was absent,

“Uh, I mean we just got out of yoga. M-Maybe stretch a little then go? We should be out by then.”

Mary-Ann nodded, then conceded. Leaving the obviously desperate woman be, she turned towards the benches and lockers to her right. Hearing the toilets flush behind her, she knew the woman was right. Stretch first, then have the whole bathroom to herself.

It took just a moment for Mary-Ann to find a locker and toss her duffle bag inside. Slamming the small locker door closed, she turned back around to find the other woman, desperate after her workout just darting into a free toilet stall. As she left the locker rooms, Mary-Ann could make out an audible sigh. In response, her bladder reminded her that she should do the same. But she was already running behind. At least, that’s what she told herself.

Mary-Ann’s sneakers squeaked on the rubber matted floor. The gym was mostly empty, save for a few of the machines that were in use. Vanessa was in the corner, chatting with a short blonde woman that Mary-Ann didn’t recognize. Taking up space against the far wall of the gym, away from the windows, Mary-Ann knelt on one leg, then positioned the other in a lunge. Squatting, she entered her first stretch, the dull ache of her bladder warning her.

Her muscles tensed as she pressed her arms against her sides and pushed up on her toes, her hips rotating and her head lifting. At first her brain seemed to be more enamored with her bladders plight, but as she continued to loosen her muscles, the burn of the stretch eventually won out. It kept her focused. Her mind drifted back to work. Despite her workout, her business still came back to her mind. She took a deep breath. Mary-Ann just wanted to work out.

Placing her forearms on the floor, she worked her body into the plank position. Her core muscles tightened. She pushed the thoughts from her mind and focused on the movement. Inch by inch, Mary-Ann lifted her body off the floor until her forearms were parallel to the ground. She held the position and counted the seconds. It had been a long time since she'd last done a plank, but she was pretty sure she could hold the pose for a few minutes.

She could feel her bladder, a pressure forming on her more sensitive areas. Pain was part of the workout. In a way, it kept her mind off of work. Continuing to hold it, Mary-Ann drew another breath. She had to focus. Mary-Ann let her mind drift again. The thoughts came. Her bladder, the gym, her job.

As Mary-Ann began to lower herself back to the floor, a flash of pain ran up her spine, causing her to flinch. Her hand went to her lower back, then the pain seemed to come forward again. Her morning pee sloshing around her insides, the pungent overnight piss irritating her organs. As the pain receded, it left behind an unpleasant tightness in her bladder.

Mary-Ann rotated to her knees as she got out of her plank. Now kneeling on the gym floor, she closed her eyes and took another deep breath. Finally, her work thoughts had disappeared. Only at the cost of her increasingly annoyed bladder. It tried to warn her again, to tell her that she should have learned her lesson by now. But Mary-Ann's mind was finally off of work and in a place that she could just enjoy herself. She didn't want to risk it by using the toilet.

Standing, she felt gravity weigh down on herself, pulling the pressure down on top of her pee-hole. She flinched. Still, she walked over to the treadmill. The gym was still fairly empty. Vanessa was working out by herself with a pair of headphones on. Whoever she was talking to, not that it mattered, was nowhere to be seen. Mary-Ann turned the treadmill on, a slight ache in her bladder reminding her that she was walking a thin line. Mary-Ann disagreed.

She began at a slow pace. A walk, just to get her muscles working. Her shoes slapped against the belt. Each strike was countered by her vexed bladder. Mary-Ann's mind countered with anger. An outcropping of her frustration, she visualized herself walking towards her goals. Her bladder backed down. After a few minutes, she picked up the pace. So did her bladder. As she begun to run, each movement sent a shockwave from the soles of her feet to her now pressurized genitals. The belt of the treadmill shook with her feet. Still holding it. A struggle to keep up the pace. Her bladder began to concoct another plan. One that Mary-Ann may not be able to fight.

Mary-Ann began to sweat. The exertion, the effort, the burning in her legs, it all combined to take hold of her mind. Her ears only let in the sound of the belt shaking and creaking. Mary-Ann's heart rate compensated, she could feel it pounding in her chest as her large breasts jiggled. She could feel the perspiration on her arms. A moist sensation on her exposed skin. Her legs, hidden under her grey sweatpants felt damp by comparison. Unable to discern between moisture from sweat or other sources, her bladder used this cover to put its plan into action.

Mary-Ann’s slit began to moisten. A yellowish liquid slowly rose from the depths of her body. Her feet continued to pound the treadmill. Drip. Drop. A little escaped her defenses and was absorbed by her grey panties. Mary-Ann was unaware. Her grey sweatpants swooshed and swayed with each motion of her leg. Another dribble of fresh pee. Then it stopped. It was her bladders opening salvo, a warning that she needed to heed. Unfortunately for Mary-Ann, she was still running. Even as her panties were now forced to absorb sweat and piss. It was not a job they were made for.

Mary-Ann looked down at the machine. Having nearly reached a mile, she was getting ready to slow down. Easing her pace, she felt an almost tickling sensation in her nethers. Did I just pee? She felt warm. Unable to check with her hand, she looked down. Her sweatpants were dry. Looking back up, she began to walk. As she did, her bladder released another slow trickle of her morning pee. She didn't feel it. Her pee was absorbed by her panties. They were starting to darken.

Mary-Ann reached her goal. 1 mile. As the treadmill stopped, she intentionally grazed her crotch with her hand. She felt the dry fabric of her sweatpants. She could still feel it between her legs. A dampness that wouldn’t leave. It didn’t feel like sweat at all. Walking towards the hip abduction machine, the pounding that her feet had taken on the treadmill matched the final warnings that her bladder was giving. The pulsing pressure between her abdomen and her pussy wasn’t enough to send Mary-Ann to the bathroom. With few options left, her bladder had just one final action, one last avenue to have its voice heard.

The blonde boss’s legs contracted as she gave her first effort. Sitting straight up and bent at the knee, she used her hips to pull her legs together. Then she fought against the weight to push them apart. Together. Apart. Then again. The motion was too much for her bladder. Now enticed by its successful leaking, and with Mary-Ann’s body diverting more and more energy to her other muscles, her bladder took its opportunity. It relaxed. Against her will, Mary-Ann began to pee.

It happened so suddenly that it was almost unimaginable. Like a dream Mary-Ann’s reality quickly warped from normal to abnormal without her consent. She began to feel that same warm, almost tickling sensation in her crotch as she pressed her legs together with the workout machine. It felt warm. As she spread her legs apart again, the warm sensation suddenly felt hot. A soaking, shockingly moist sensation emanated from her crotch. Looking down, Mary-Ann gasped in horror. Her grey sweatpants suddenly turned dark, black at the crotch. Her mind instantly communicated what was happening. She was peeing her pants.

Yelping like a cornered animal, Mary-Ann slammed her right hand into her still pissing snatch and leapt off the now wet bench. Sprinting towards the lobby, she could feel her morning pee rushing past her soft skin and through her panties. Her lose sweatpants did what they could to absorb her hot piss but as it ran down her thighs, it was clearly a losing battle.

Reaching the lobby in a matter of seconds, Mary-Ann’s social instincts kicked in. Passing the receptionists caused her bladder to listen to reason and stop, if only for a moment. With the speed that she was rushing towards the locker room, a moment was all she needed.

Using her shoulder to swing the door open, Mary-Ann burst into the locker room and looked right at the two stall doors. One was covered in yellow tape, which spelled out “cleaning” in black text. The other was being used, presumably by the janitor. Her feet were visible under the stall door. Whimpering at her closed options, Mary-Ann began to rewet her panties. Then an image flashed in her mind. Vanessa.

Dashing for the showers, the leaking blonde flung open the plastic curtain. Sticking her thumbs into the waistband of her soaked sweatpants, Mary-Ann positioned herself over the dry drain. Now squatting, the embarrassed boss finally let go of her morning piss.

The sound of her first pee of the day was not unlike water from a faucet. The drain gurgled and sputtered as it accepted the unique liquid into its pipes. Spraying out of her tight box was a yellow stream of urine that splattered against both her thighs and the tile. It left droplets against both as it exited her. Keeping one hand holding her soaked sweatpants, Mary-Ann held her forehead with the other. I can’t believe I’m doing this. Mary-Ann could smell her pungent morning pee as it escaped her. She felt the cool air of the locker room touch her snatch. The warmth of her hissing pee. She heard the toilet flush. Mocking her. She felt her face flush in equal measure, her cheeks burning in embarrassment. But she also felt her nipples harden, pushing against the fabric of her shirt. Her thoughts and her pee were interrupted when the door swung open. She heard her name called. Vanessa.

“Hey Mary-Ann? Are you alright?”

The dark haired athletic trainer was greeted by a number of sights and sounds as she swung the locker room door open. The janitor exiting the stalls and apologizing for something in broken English as she got back to work. The closing sound of the toilet swirling its water in the bowl. And the unmistakable audio of liquid cascading into a drain. Vanessa heard it stop as she called Mary-Ann’s name. Her feet were visible under the shower stall walls.

“I’m…I’m fine. Just not…not feeling…” The rushing sound of liquid returned “I wasn’t feeling well is all.”

“O-ok.” Vanessa replied as the torrent finally subsided. “I’ll be close. Tell me if you need something. Please?”

“S-sure.”

With that, Mary-Ann stood up. With nothing to wipe herself with and her workout for all intents and purposes done, she simply pulled her wet panties and sweatpants back up. It was obvious that she had peed them.

From initially letting go while sitting, the seat of her pants were wet. She rotated her hips and felt her backside to discover that. Looking down and feeling the inseam of her thighs, she could tell that she was wet at the crotch. The dark streaks of piss ran from her previously pissing pussy down to nearly her kneecaps. Her hands massaged the rapidly cooling stains on her legs, as a shiver ran across her body. Mary-Ann ignored it. She wanted to.

Stepping out from the showers, she hoped to reveal them to no one. Given the early hour of the morning, she at the very least had the locker-room to herself again. Quickly walking over to the bench in front of the lockers, Mary-Ann sat in front of her chosen cabinet and opened it, trying to quickly grab her duffle bag. She heard Vannessa’s voice again. It was shakier than before.

“Um…M…Mary-Ann?”

The blonde turned around. Vanessa stepped from the door.

“I uh…I wiped down the machine for you. Don’t um…don’t feel like you have to go back in there if…you know if you’re embarrassed.”

Mary-Ann nodded “Thanks.” She added weakly

“I…I don’t know if it helps but this sort of thing um…happens. We don’t…we don’t think any less of you.”

Vanessa walked around to the lockers, facing Mary-Ann. Subconsciously, Mary-Ann grabbed her wet crotch, as if she could still hide the damage. Laughing nervously, Mary-Ann admitted

“A…actually this sort of thing has started happening to me a lot.”

“O-oh. Did you…did you have kids recently or…?”

“N-no. Stress. I’m really just…Like it’s hard to carve out time in my schedule for this sort of thing and I’ve got this one deal for mortgaging land that might not happen now and I have this other deal for commercial property with this other real estate agent that might not happen and…” Mary-Ann voice trailed off

“I see. I’m sorry to hear that. I like that you’re here every morning though.”

Mary-Ann smiled weakly “Thanks. I try.”

“I hope you’ll still come in.”

“I mean…I hope I don’t get made fun of.” Mary-Ann squirmed as she thought about the social repercussions

“No, no. Again, this sort of thing happens. Especially with emotionally and physically stressed people.”

“Does the pebble in your shoe thing really work?”

Vanessa smiled at Mary-Ann for recalling her quirk. “For me it does. Why, do you want one? I have a friend of mine that sells crystals and de-stressors.”

“Not really. I was hoping I could take you up on your yoga class offering instead. I just don’t really feel like me right now. I need to fix it.”

Vanessa’s eyes lit up “Yeah! That’s a great idea! Like I said, first one is always free, but I’ll give you another. Sounds like you need it.”

Mary-Ann smiled “Thanks! When’s the next class?”

“I’ll text you. What’s your number?”

The two exchanged numbers and Mary-Ann excused herself to get cleaned up. In a small way, she felt better about herself. Better about the whole situation. Stripping down in front of the same shower, she couldn’t help but be reminded of Vanessa. With a sly smile Mary-Ann thought to herself I guess now she’s not the only one who pees in the showers here.

A/N: Before she left for the gym, Mary-Ann forgot to check to make sure she had one thing for her meeting. What was that item?

*036*2024-04-07 14:30

{{On 4/1/2024 at 11:22 PM, croutcher said:

Once again , great content. I am glad i found you in this community. I have read all your writings. Your writing is meticulous. I know u mentioned already but can't wait for months . When's the next chapter is gonna come?

}}

Should be quicker than last time, I've already started writing it. I work two jobs irl so I don't have a ton of time to write. Give it a few weeks, but it may be sooner than that.

Thank you for your kind words!

*038*2024-05-23 16:09

{{On 5/21/2024 at 9:57 PM, croutcher said:

Do u release your writings in some sort of books ? U know like in online (kindle). And when's the next chapter is gonna come?

}}

I was actually planning on doing this one as an ebook once its done. Maybe collab with an artist too but idk yet. I am activly working on the next chapter, about 3.5k words in, sometime this weekend or next, I'm about halfway done

*040*2024-05-24 16:32

{{15 hours ago, dudelobowski said:

Excited to see Mary-Ann at the office in her peed panties at least for a little bit since she won't have time to get more. In answer to an earlier question you had on the thread, Wetting accidents over gratuitous peeing would definitely be my preference, although your descriptions of both are amazing and I'm just super happy with the direction the rewrite is taking this story. I'm so excited for the singularity moment where they both know that they both know they like it. And it becomes a game instead of two ships crossing in the night.

Also if I could request some themes where they do stay in their wet clothes or panties for longer than strictly necessary as a choice rather than forced to, and rewetting would be fun as well even for a vignette. Thanks for sharing with us, Can't wait to see what's next.

}}

I like to balance wetting with peeing scenes just to give the story some more variety and I personally like both almost as equally. I will say that chapter 2 will be more on the wetting side than peeing so even though 1 has been leaning into the peeing side more its not the norm for the new story. Won't spoil the new chapter but Mary-Ann does have another option when it comes to panties, one that she's already explored...

That moment will be a good one for sure, but we'll have to wait for a little, Mary-Ann needs to understand herself first and admit to the fact that she likes peeing in her pants and has a fetish for it. That being said, once she does admit that, she'll certainly have to explore things like rewetting, bedwetting and lounging in wet clothes.

That being said, I do like the idea of a character having an accident in the morning and needing to go to a meeting in either wet pants or clothes. Maybe obviously wet or hidden, I'm not sure yet.

So glad to hear you're liking the story so far, I personally like it better as well!

*041*2024-05-28 03:36

A/N: Wow! Another chapter that I though would be shorter, turned out I had lots of story to fit in and even more with Mary-Ann herself. I know I went a little hard on one side of her, but that is just set up for the finale of chapter 1. This story is already 1/4th as long as the previous one. As always, any and all feedback is not only welcome, but encouraged. If you want to send a DM instead of commenting, please feel free. Oh, and there's a hidden desperate charicter that both Karenna and Mary-Ann miss. Can you spot her?

Chapter 1.6: Gain and Loss

With her wet sweatpants still occasionally clinging to her, Mary-Ann grabbed a towel from the shelves which hung just outside the shower walls. Vanessa had left to start her own personal workout, which let Mary-Ann alone in the large locker room. As she rifled through her duffle bag and grabbed her office attire, Mary-Ann started to appreciate the usual loneliness that came with an empty gym. Today it was a blessing, with equal fortune that her sweat pants were lose. Despite their wetness, they hardly came into contact with her privates. The damp wetness only clung to her thighs. Sliding off her pants, she tossed them in her now empty duffle bag and left both the bag and her pants in her locker. Now just in her shirt and discolored, pissed-in grey panties, she wrapped a towel around herself and took her bundle of office clothes to the showers.

Each step reminded her of her accident. Now rid of her sweatpants, the contrast between the cold air of the locker room and her damp crotch was nearly as embarrassing as the clinging smell of pent up morning pee. Mary-Ann could more easily feel her soaked panties rubbing against her sensitive areas. It should have felt bad. Strangely, perhaps with her now previous experience with this feeling, it was almost. Pleasant. Mary-Ann closed the plastic curtain behind her, entering the very shower that she had just squatted over.

Far away from the rushing droplets of water sat a bench and a shelf. It was used to keep clothes dry and out of the way without forcing the wearer to go back out to the locker room. Setting her nice blouse and black skirt up on the shelf, Mary-Ann let the towel she had wrapped around herself fall. It no longer mattered that her wet panties were still clutching her privates, she had plenty of cover behind the curtain. Safe and unguarded behind the plastic covering Mary-Ann lifted her shirt. Her plump breasts, large enough to comfortably fit a c-cup, showed themselves. She placed her shirt on the bench, her boobs swaying as she did so. Mary-Ann slipped off her panties. Her tight, shaved snatch now exposed to the gym air, free of the damp fabric.

Now fully nude, Mary-Ann slipped under the showerhead and turned it on. The pouring water was cold for a while at first. Then it was scalding hot. Adjusting the knob, Mary-Ann eventually found an agreeable temperature.

Letting the fast moving water spray over her exposed chest, Mary-Ann could feel the lukewarm water warming her skin. The shame and the cold, clammy feeling that her piss soaked underwear had left her with had begun to dissipate. Letting the water run, Mary-Ann took a moment to bask in the comforting water.

Mary-Ann's boobs wobbled gently as her arms hung loosely by her side. She cupped her breasts in her hands and allowed the water to run between them. Her nipples, small and pink, stood blended nicely with her light flesh. The liquid now running down her legs was equally as warm but more than welcome in contrast with her brief accident . Mary-Ann knew she should be quick, but she had found some respite under the showerhead. She let her mind wander. Just a bit.

With the water still flowing, Mary-Ann closed her eyes. A deep breath. Her chest rose and fell. Droplets and spots of warm water rained down on her. A place she could imagine herself. Tropical oasis. The warm water from the shower felt like the gentle stream of a brook. The warmth of the water caressed her body, reminding her of the warmth of the sun. A small smile crossed Mary-Ann's face. In her mind's eye she pictured the sun, warm and gentle, shining down on her naked body. She imagined that the brook was in the shade of a great palm tree.

She groped her breasts. Just a little. She may have been aware that her gentle pussy was growing wetter. Even if Mary-Ann could feel it, she was too invested in her fantasy to stop. Like a child to a parent, she let her imagination take her by the hand. Her stress, even for a moment, began to ease.

Though the nonextant sun provided no warmth of its own, Mary-Ann imagined it caressing her. The real warmth of the shower provided a perfect substitute. Grabbing a bar of soap, she lathered the product between her hands. Sudsy and soapy, she worked on her perfect breasts, coating them in the white familiar bubbles. Moving down her body, she worked herself back into her fantasy. In her sanctuary she was washing herself under a waterfall. Nude. Native. Naïve, and alone.

Her hands rubbed her stomach, her thighs, her privates. A finger slid past her labia. Slightly darker skin than the rest of her body. One of her hands passed it again. Innocent. That’s what she was in her dream. Unaware. The same hand now held its spot over her privacy. Pretending to be alone, she could feel her own finger slide carefully past her defenses. I’m being watched. Her relaxation had quickly turned into a sexual fantasy. Starting to manipulate her genitals, Mary-Ann was startled by the sudden bang of the locker room door opening. Voices. What she was doing hit her. She was in public, in a shower, doing something she shouldn’t. Her mind couldn’t even conjure the word for it. Letting the soap wash off her body, Mary-Ann shut the water off quickly.

The voices of whomever had come in carried throughout the empty locker room. Drying herself with her towel, Mary-Ann worked her way back to reality, quickly becoming upset with herself at what she had nearly done. She focused on her clothes. Her skirt was thick, a quality article that left an impression of her business prowess. Accented by her white and black printed blouse, the colors played well with the black pencil skirt. Under it all Mary-Ann’s large breasts were held by a black bra which blended with her blouse. To match, she had a similar colored panty.

At least, she was supposed to. Digging around her duffle bag, Mary-Ann searched for her matching panties. She lifted the towel, nothing. Pushed her gym clothes aside. Nothing still. She even tossed the duffle bag aside. Under the bench. Elusive. The only pair of panties that she could see were the grey ones she had worn for the gym. Sweaty and soaked with her morning pee. A decision had to be made. Mary-Ann could go without anything covering her, or she could go into an important meeting with piss-stained, odorous underwear. Her choice was made for her. Pulling down her skirt, the tall blonde boss was completely nude underneath.

Now dressed in her work outfit, or at least most of it, Mary-Ann slipped herself into her heels. They were black to match the rest of her outfit. Slinging her bag over her shoulder, Mary-Ann made her way out of the locker room.

With each step, her skirt threatened to expose her secret. It was short. Not so short that it was unprofessional, but Mary-Ann recalled her experience with Karenna. She could see a receptionist staring at her. As if the girl knew that under her professional exterior, Mary-Ann was exposed. That as she walked, she could nearly feel the friction between her soft lips.

“Excuse me Ms. Mary-Ann?” The receptionist spoke up

Her train of thought derailed, Mary-Ann looked over to the front desk and walked over. Her heels clapping off of the clean floor. Approaching the receptionist, Mary-Ann asked her what was the matter.

“I saw you run for the locker room, do you feel alright?”

“Oh! Yeah, thanks for asking, I’m fine. Yeah. I’m good.” Mary-Ann rested her forearms on the counter.

As she did so, she felt her skirt rise. Just a little. Had someone walked in and taken a look at the tall blonde woman, they may have seen her black pencil skirt bunched up just enough to get a partial look at her butt cheek. If they stopped to stare. If Mary-Ann were to continue to lean forward, enough for her larger breasts to rest on the counter, someone might just be lucky enough to catch a fleeting glimpse of something more. At least, these were the visuals running through the boss’s head. Her mind was showing her these images, she could nearly feel it happening.

Mary-Ann’s extremities felt numb. She could feel that. A pressure was building in her chest, her heart was starting to race. Like a shockwave from her tight pussy, now wet, Mary-Ann knew she was aroused. Horny. So aroused it forced her to be honest with the receptionist.

“Actually I really, really needed to pee. I just had to run out.”

As she spoke, Mary-Ann could feel the words rip off her tongue. The idea that the receptionist would know exactly why the blonde had ran from the gym made her genitals throb. Never before had Mary-Ann felt so ready to pleasure herself. Her mind refusing to register exactly where she was. Or that she should be embarrassed

“O-oh…Well…I’m glad you’re ok.” The receptionist exposed herself and left for the gym behind her

The fact that the other woman had gotten so uncomfortable snapped Mary-Ann out of it. She watched the receptionist walk through the doors and swallowed hard. Sorry. Mary-Ann couldn’t speak it. What is wrong with me?

Standing at the counter for a while longer, Mary-Ann let the short sequence of events play in her head again. Now feeling ashamed, she exited the gym to the parking lot, the morning sun catching her face.

As she entered the car, Mary-Ann finished the rest of her water bottle. More than usual, she could feel her private box pressing against her skirt. The hard drivers seat forced her mind to accept the fact that she’d be without her underwear for the forceable future. Starting the car, Mary-Ann knew she had to find a way to force it back into her mind. Work. Work could rescue her from whatever entity had forced those words out of her mouth. Whatever had coaxed her into embarrassing herself in front of the gym receptionist. As her car pulled out onto the main road, Mary-Ann gave Sarah a call.

“You ok?” Sarah picked up quickly

“No.”

Quickly an awkward silence set in. Not lasting longer than a minute, it might as well have been an eternity. Sarah spoke first

“I don’t have all that much time. If you’re not ready for a real conversation let me know now so I can get started on my day.”

“I shouldn’t have snapped at you. I’m sorry.”

Sarah didn’t respond. Mary-Ann said her piece

“I-I’m just really feeling stressed right now, I get no sleep, I’m carrying this thing on my shoulders. I just really did not need you calling me to tell me that after all my struggles that day that I failed. I need this to happen if I’m going to get my life back.”

“Mary-Ann, I know. This is the hard part about running a business. But you can’t ‘need’ this right now or you’ll lose the sale, you know that.”

Mary-Ann nodded, not that Sarah could see it, but it was an affirmation for herself. Her phone’s GPS barked out orders and she stopped at a red light. She was nearly at the office. Sarah was waiting for Mary-Ann to respond

“This meeting coming up here will help. Part of me thinks Lou might have a problem with-“

“The bank.” Sarah cut her off. “I was thinking the same thing.”

“They’re a small operation, he needs to move quickly and deal with large amounts of money.”

“And negotiate with the town if he’s going to develop anything.” Sarah added

“Right, so even though my numbers look good, he sees a local credit union and thinks to himself that if they fail or can’t back him up, then he could lose out on a bid or get denied.”

“Exactly. Which is what I was trying to explain to you. I think once he gets your full attention you two will get along. It’s just that you were…distracted. It left a bad impression.”

“Next time let me go pee.” Mary-Ann said more emphatically than she intended

Turning into the parking lot of the office, Mary-Ann pulled into her usual space. Sarah retorted

“I’m not in charge of your bladder. Next time plan better.”

Mary-Ann bowed her head slightly to herself, the SUV now idle in the parking space. She recounted the events of the meeting, replaying conversations. She frowned. It wasn’t her fault

“Wait that’s not-“

Sarah cut her off again “Or if you’re going to hold it, do something other than crossing your legs over and over. It was like you wanted everyone in that room to know.”

Mary-Ann felt a little guilty. Sarah was right from a sales and professionalism standpoint.

“Fine, but then let me ask you. When a meetings gone on too long and you really need a break, what do you do?”

Mary-Ann was slightly surprised. Sarah answered the question

“It’s all in the mind. Willpower. At some point whatever is keeping you will disappear.”

“And at some point so will your willpower.” Mary-Ann had firsthand experience

“Just let me know how this meeting goes ok? I don’t even know or want to know how we got on this topic. I’ve got things to do.”

The two said their goodbyes and hung up amicably.

Mary-Ann scanned the parking lot for her protégé. There was no sign of Karenna or her car. The SUV was still idling and Mary-Ann checked the clock on the dashboard. She was early. Early enough that Karenna shouldn’t have expected her boss to be there. Doing the math in her head, Mary-Ann quickly came to the conclusion that leaving the gym had caused her to to now sit in the parking lot well before Karenna would arrive.

With time to herself, Mary-Ann’s mind bombarded her with images of that mornings events. The first image which invaded her mind was her gym trouble. It had never happened like that before. Logically, she knew she should have gone before she started. It wasn’t as though she couldn’t have waited. She tried to defend herself. She couldn’t have known that her bladder would give out. That the organ which had been mostly reliable her entire adult life would fail without good reason. It was a coincidence, a freak accident which could have happened to anyone.

For all her logical protests, the image moving through Mary-Ann’s mind was just a single one. The spreading dark patch around her lap. Sitting on that machine, feeling the sudden gushing, rushing warmth around her most private areas. She should have felt shame. That’s what her logical mind countered with. But the droning question still remained, did she like it?

As frequently as her heart beat her mind repeated the question. There was no answer from its master, who instead tried to move her thoughts back to her work. As if her conversation with Sarah could rescue her from her thoughts. That somehow her business could quell her mind alone.

For a moment, it seemed to have worked. Sarah’s steady focus on work and advice on Mary-Ann’s own situation took her mind’s eye from her near accident at the gym to a more focused, productive thought. This quickly soured. Replaying her conversation in her head, Mary-Ann’s mind took her to her final conversation with Sarah.

Sarah had more or less admitted that she too deals with a full bladder during her meetings, and Mary-Ann begun to think back to her meeting with Lou. The content of her meeting she could only recall small in small bits. Disjointed movements and Sarah’s ability to keep the meeting moving forward. It was all ancillary. What she did recall, in near perfect detail, was her own movements. Squirming, pressing, clenching, moving her body to keep her bladder at bay. In full view of her colleague and her largest potential client.

Presented with these thoughts, Mary-Ann began to feel a tingling sensation that rose from the depths of her snatch and radiated through her body. She could feel herself aroused. There, in the parking lot, she felt herself wandering back to that same feeling she had in the shower. An itch that she couldn't scratch, or at least one that she wouldn’t. Not here. Now open to receiving these images from her mind, she recounted the morning. Her mind’s eye particularly fixated on Sarah dashing into Mary-Ann’s office.

She must have been so desperate…I’ll bet that she was sitting in traffic, just waiting for those lights to turn green. Mary-Ann shifted and unconsciously began rubbing her sensitive genitalia against the seat of her car. She could feel that same pressure mount, she needed to release it. The heel of her hand was what she used to dig into her crotch. Rocking back and forth with her body her hand helped to send wave after wave of delightful signals throughout her body. A soft moan escaped her lips.

Mary-Ann was now fully enjoying the scene that was played for her in her mind. She had replaced Sarah with herself. As though she was the business woman, desperate to make it to the office and pee. That she just had to bare it a little longer. Her heart beat faster, thumping against her chest. Mary-Ann’s breath shortened. Now entrenched in her fantasy, her thoughts ran free.

Mary-Ann imagined herself bursting. A unique despair that she had felt before. The burgeoning pressure between her thighs and against her clit. Just another light she’d say to herself. I have an appointment I need to get to I can’t stop to pee now! Her fingers ran along her labia, her privates moistening with each passing moment. Through her business skirt, she teased her exposed pussy against the fabric. In response, her nipples hardened, excited for the unexpected sexual activity. Pinching the skin just above her snatch, she used her muscles to stimulate her clit, manipulating herself with her clothes still on, Her free hand began to rub one of her breasts.

I’m almost there! Just a little further and I can pee. She continued to tease herself. There was no room for shame or contemplation. Unable to contain her arousal, Mary-Ann moaned. She bit her lip. Anything to remain in this blissful fantasy. Anything to imagine herself so desperate for a toilet. Holding herself in mock desperation she opened and closed her eyes slowly, her fantasy nearly becoming reality. In her thoughts her bladder was about to explode. Stretched and pressurized. She wanted to stay there. All her worries were gone from her mind. They let her be free. Closer now, she could feel a different, sexual tension rising from her loins. It pounded against her pussy. Relief was close.

In her fantasy, relief was also close. But too far. Mary-Ann’s thoughts pushed her towards what she really wanted. Oh no! I’m in the parking lot but it’s too much. I can’t hold it! I’m gonna…

Taken by her fantasy, Mary-Ann almost did it. She nearly relaxed her bladder right there in the car. Even relatively empty from her gym experience, the organ may have obeyed. The pressure against her exposed box didn’t relent. Stronger now, emboldened by her thoughts, the heel of Mary-Ann’s hand now dug into her crotch, stimulating her clit. She was doing it, the busty blonde boss was starting to masturbate in her own SUV, just at the thought of needing to pee.

“O-oh…” Mary-Ann started to lose her ability to speak, to think

What she was doing and where she was didn’t matter. Her mind-

A sound. A tap on the glass.

Snapping back to reality, Mary-Ann removed her hand from her breast, body still alive with tension. A small figure stood by her door. The short black business woman looking up at the window, her eyes looked innocent. Mary-Ann rolled down the window, and Karenna spoke

“You ok boss?”

“Uh. Fine. Yeah.”

“Can you unlock the doors?”

Mary-Ann nodded and flicked the switch on her driver’s side door, the vehicle obeying. The top of Karenna’s head was just visible in front of the hood of the SUV. She climbed into the passenger side and tossed her laptop and folder into the backseat. She closed the door before looking Mary-Ann in the eyes.

Instantly the blonde boss felt a lump in her throat. Caught. She knew it. With the confidence to tackle her problems head on, Mary-Ann asked

“What?”

“Did I do something wrong?”

“No, of course not! Why?”

“I waved to you when I got here, you know across the parking lot and you didn’t even react. I thought maybe you were mad at me.”

Karenna’s car was parked right in front of the office building, close to where it was always parked. Karenna would have had to walk across the entire parking lot just to get to her bosses SUV. Mary-Ann hadn’t even noticed her only employee arrive, a symptom of her arousal. A feeling of immense guilt washed over her, and she put her head down on the steering wheel. She’d never done anything like that before, and never had the desire to. Her body had betrayed her. For all the effort she put into making sure it was an efferent machine, she was still prone to her base desires. To be caught red handed was nearly too much.

“Boss, are you sure you’re ok?”

Mary-Ann took a deep breath, staring at the steering column.

“I’m sorry. I should have more control. I just, I don’t know what happened…”

Karenna wasn’t sure what her boss was talking about. Confused, she tried to think back. The only thing she could think of was the event of last week. Mary-Ann’s meeting with Lou. Karenna remembered it well, especially after seeing Mary-Ann’s privates. The two hadn’t discussed it at all since it happened.

“Oh my gosh, Mary-Ann it’s okay. Really.”

Karenna would never admit her attraction to her boss but she could comfort her. And in that attraction she was certainly not afraid to replay the image in her head. Rationally she was able to conclude that Mary-Ann must still have it on her mind. Thinking back to that day, Karenna remembered why Mary-Ann was panty-less.

“I don’t need my boss to be this strong, I don’t know…mythical figure. I just need her to trust me. To support me. And you do that every day. So its ok if…it’s ok if you have accidents sometimes. I promise I’m not going to tell anyone.”

“What?” It was Mary-Ann’s turn to be confused “What are you talking about?”

“When you got back? The meeting with Sarah?” Karenna’s eyes met her bosses.

Unsure of herself, Karenna rolled her shoulders forward. Her voice pitched higher “You didn’t make it to the bathroom?”

Mary-Ann knew what Karenna was talking about. She was relieved for a second that Karenna obviously hadn’t caught her pleasuring herself in her car.

“Oh! That!”

She lifted her head off of the steering wheel. Then felt the shame of what had happened

“Oh…uh…Karenna I’ll be honest I don’t think I can do this.”

“This meeting?”

“Being in charge. I mean the very first day, the very first hour, I peed myself. I don’t think I could even remember the last time I did that. And now with the fact that we finally get some good things going and now they might not happen and…I’m just so tried.”

Karenna kept her gaze on her boss. Mary-Ann met it. Her eyes ran up and down Karenna’s small body, eying her grey sport coat and slacks. She took a deep breath. Without saying another word she put the car in drive.

The two rode in silence. There was little to share. Mary-Ann retreated back into her mind, now focused more on her last words to Karenna than the fact that she got away with pleasuring herself in her car. She was being honest. She was tired, stressed. But in her heart she knew she couldn’t quit. Not now. Karenna had come with Mary-Ann and she couldn’t just abandon her. She stopped at a red light. Tired to set her mind somewhere calm. The beach came back to her. Then her fantasy in the gym shower that morning. Maybe that’s all it was. She needed an out. An escape. Karenna spoke up.

“Aren’t we going to be a little early?”

“Yeah. Maybe we can stop for coffee? Just talk.”

Karenna wasn’t a fan of coffee, but she was a fan of getting to know her crush.

“Do we have to go over anything or…?”

Mary-Ann shook her head. “No. But. I thought maybe I’d treat you.”

Karenna smiled to herself and looked out the window. A sense of purpose came to her. Despite her feelings for Mary-Ann, on a personal level she felt like she had to be there for her boss. Maybe they weren’t so different. Maybe this was the start of something real. Or maybe Karenna was over thinking it. She couldn’t tell what her thoughts were. At least, what was real. As the smaller shops and residential homes turned into the larger apartments of the city, Karenna stayed quiet. Her thoughts were on Mary-Ann, as they often were, but her thoughts were different. She kept them to herself and the two didn’t speak the rest of the way to the coffee shop.

While not far away from their office, it was outside of the suburb that the two used for work. The bank that they were meeting with was just across the street from the coffee shop, but it was in the city. Getting the SUV off the street, Mary-Ann paid for parking and took the pair through the nearly empty parking garage.

“I’m surprised its so quiet” Karenna remarked, her first words in a while

“Commercial Real Estate. Especially now with so many smaller companies working from home, there’s just not the capacity.”

Karenna thought for a moment as she got out of the car. Mary-Ann had parked on the first level and turned off the car. She left her things in the SUV as she locked it and instructed Karenna to do the same. Waiting for her boss to walk around the side of the SUV, Karenna asked

“Why don’t we work from home?”

The two began to walk towards the coffee shop and out of the parking garage. The cold concrete quickly replaced by the open air and warm concrete of the urban environment

“I guess we could. Maybe Mondays and Fridays? Do something like a hybrid schedule. Honestly though Karenna, its not at the top of my mind right now.”

The business women made it to the crosswalk, both looking at the little coffee shop ahead. Both they and the shop was covered in the shadow of the larger buildings above them. As they waited to cross, Karenna asked

“What is at the top of your mind?”

The two began to cross the street as the traffic and signal allowed. Mary-Ann didn’t answer. Instead, she led Karenna to the other side of the street and towards the small shop. A black plastic fence separated the patrons from the sidewalk, and some landscaped plants gave the lot a cozy feel. They were still quiet as Mary-Ann opened the small wooden door at the top of the brick steps. A bell rang as they did so. It was tied to the door. It was here that Karenna got her response.

“Too much.”

The shop was small. There was a counter directly in front of them, and behind it was a tall, well-built woman with short hair and a pair of black-rimmed glasses. The cash register was the first thing the two could see, and a few shelves of pastries, some breads, and a jar of coffee beans. Behind those were a few chairs, a small couch, and a table. Behind that was a set of doors, presumably leading to the kitchen. On the back wall was a large glass window looking out to the street. Cars would pass by rather frequently, but in here, it seemed so distant. There was a light buzz of conversation, one person sat on the couch with their laptop, another couple was in a discussion. One women in a green sundress and sunglasses propped on her head was near a door with a male and female bathroom sign. She caught Mary-Ann’s eye.

Karenna eyed the breads and pastries, but couldn't get over the smell. It was heavenly. A scent of roasted coffee beans filled the air, along with the smell of butter and something sweet. Mary-Ann watched the girl in the sundress, though she seemed to be more interested in the condiment trey near the restroom door instead. Maybe that’s all it was. Then again, her legs were crossed.

"I've been wanting to try this place anyway." Mary-Ann remarked, taking her eyes off the woman. "I guess if this whole boss thing doesn't work out I can work here." She laughed nervously. "What are you getting?" She changed the subject

"Actually I really don't like coffee." Karenna admitted

"Oh? Then what do you usually get?"

"Soda?" Karenna said with very little confidence

The woman behind the counter overheard them and offered to help. While Karenna couldn’t get anything with carbonation, they decided on something sweet. With that, the woman behind the counter turned around, walking through the doors at the back of the room.

The pleasant day wasn’t too hot yet, and Mary-Ann offered to sit outside with Karenna. It wasn’t a difficult decision. Following her boss outside, Karenna let Mary-Ann pick the spot.

As soon as the small wooden door opened, the sun hit Mary-Ann’s face. For a brief moment, she was at peace. Observing the small terrace, there were about six or seven small tables lined up in the cobbled area. Each had just two chairs to go with it. The space was empty, expect for one table which had an open book and coffee cup on it’s surface. One chair was pushed back from the table. Mary-Ann chose the table in front of the abandoned one. She sat facing it, Karenna took the chair facing her boss. For a moment, the two said nothing, finding something to discuss. Mary-Ann decided to go first.

“Obviously the first thing on my mind is this meeting.”

“What?”

“You asked what was on my mind.”

“Oh. Yeah, I guess I did.” Karenna thought that her boss had shut that conversation down

The door to the coffee shop opened, the woman in the green sundress exited and made her way to the book. Her sunglasses now covered her eyes. Mary-Ann took note but continued

“I guess its my fault for sticking with a local credit union. You know, if I used one of these larger banks, I don’t think we’d even be needing to have this conversation.”

“Why is that?” Karenna asked

“What chapter are you on?”

“Like 18 or 19, I forget exactly.”

Mary-Ann seemed a little concerned “How have your studying sessions been going? You should have covered bank funding by now.”

“I mean, I think I did.”

“Do you need help?”

“I think I can manage.”

Mary-Ann sighed, her attention turning back to the woman in the sundress. Maybe she just needed something to put in her coffee. Why Mary-Ann was so interested if she had to use the bathroom or not, she didn’t want to admit. Then again, the woman’s hand was suspiciously near her crotch. Mary-Ann’s mind brought her back to the conversation

“Karenna, I need to you pass that test.”

“I know, I’m trying.” Karenna paused

“About the bank funding.” Mary-Ann picked up “Lou does a lot with raw land and commercial spaces. The problem, especially with land, is that if he makes a bad bet, all he has to do is ‘turn in the keys’.”

“So he just walks away while the bank gets the land.”

“Exactly, and banks make money with money.”

“Which is why you have me run credit checks and all of that before we go forward with a residential property.”

Mary-Ann smiled “I feel a little better about your test. How about this? You tell me why the credit union needs us to meet today.”

“Because they are much smaller than some of the larger banks, and can’t afford to have a bunch of useless land on the books, and they need to approve of us working with someone of Lou’s size.”

Mary-Ann nodded. She was about to speak but the door to the coffee shop opened again. The woman from behind the counter, holding both Karenna’s and Mary-Ann drinks came over to them. She was pleasant, and Mary-Ann smiled as she thanked her. As the employee was about to leave, the woman in the sundress called her over. Mary-Ann took a sip of her coffee as she tried to listen in on their talk. She couldn’t hear much except the end

“Oh no, you can use it, that’s what it’s there for!” The employee enthusiastically mentioned while clearing the empty dishes from the woman’s table

Mary-Ann’s ears were tuned to the conversation. Maybe they were talking about the restroom? Mary-Ann took another sip.

“This isn’t bad.” Karenna remarked

“Hmmm?” Mary-Ann’s mind took her back to her conversation

“The coffee. Doesn’t taste like coffee.”

Mary-Ann watched the woman in the sundress walk over to a very small space next to the patio. Mostly mulch and some decorative flowers. The large tree which dominated the area overhung a wooden bench in the center. That’s what the woman was probably asking about. Mary-Ann went back to her conversation with Karenna.

“So what do you do for fun, boss?”

“At this point, nothing really.” Mary-Ann thought back to her morning “I did just join a yoga class. There’s that I guess.”

“That’s it?”

“I used to be fun.”

Karenna smiled and drank some more coffee. “I basically just play video games and talk to my one other friend so…”

“Other friend?”

“Yeah. You, and my friend Nia.”

Mary-Ann looked past Karenna. The woman in the sundress wasn’t sitting on the bench. She was sitting right on the mulch in the shade of the tree. Strange. Almost as strange as Karenna calling her a friend

“I thought I was your boss.”

“That’s just your nickname. You’re my friend too.”

“Oh. That’s nice.”

Mary-Ann thought her mind was playing tricks. In the shade of the tree, she swore she could see the woman in the sundress’s underwear. They were purple. But Mary-Ann could swear they were almost black, as if they were wet. Her mind was flooded with her own recent experience with wetting. That woman couldn’t be, could she?

“That’s nice? What do-“

“Karenna, look.” Mary-Ann cut her off and pointed to the woman.

Karenna turned around

“What?”

In a very low whisper Mary-Ann noted “I think she’s peeing herself.”

Karenna looked over at the woman quickly, then back to Mary-Ann.

“Boss I’m actually kind of worried about you.”

Mary-Ann kept her eyes on the woman, who seemed to only care about her book. Her mind registered what Karenna said, and she came back to the conversation

“Why, what’s the matter?”

“I think you’re stressed out.”

“You can say that again.”

“Or maybe you’re actually kind of traumatized.”

Mary-Ann furrowed her eyebrows. It was such a strong word, but she let Karenna continue. As she did so, she drank more and more of her coffee

“Do you remember that day? When you had an accident?”

Mary-Ann nodded

“I’ve never seen you cry before. And I get that it’s probably the most embarrassing thing in the world. And there’s nothing that I can really say to make you believe that I don’t care but…”

“But what?”

“Then it happened again after the meeting with Lou. Plus all the stuff you have to deal with normally, and I don’t know, it just doesn’t sound like you do much outside of work.”

“You’re saying we should hang out outside of work then? And what does that have to do with me peeing on myself?”

Karenna finished her coffee

“I’m just saying it’s a lot to deal with and maybe I’ve not been there for you as a friend. I also really like photography, so sometimes I just go for walks and take pictures. Maybe you should come with?”

Mary-Ann nodded. “Maybe”

“And I think you should meet my friend Nia. She deals with a lot too. Maybe she could help?”

Mary-Ann finished her coffee as well. Swallowing she thought back to her time with Karenna.

“Karenna, what was the word you used to describe me?”

“Um….” Karenna wasn’t sure at all

“After the thing with Lou. You used a word to describe me.”

“Oh! Um…accident prone?”

“Yeah! I was just thinking back to that. I really hadn’t put it together until this morning but I think you’re right, stress really does kind of play into it. All the more reason for you to pass your exam, take more off my plate!”

“Maybe I should include it in our marketing plan?” Karenna smiled at her own joke

Mary-Ann giggled and played along “Get a mortgage from us and I’ll pee my pants!”

The two laughed. It was cathartic for Mary-Ann. “You know, you really actually have been there for me Karenna. I mean it when I say I’m happy to work with you.”

“My friends call me Kar.”

“I thought you said only me and Nia were your friends”

“Okay Nia calls me that.”

“And so do I, Kar.”

The two smiled. Mary-Ann checked her watch. Karenna asked

“Time?”

“Time. Lets see if we have to switch banks or not.”

“And if we do?”

“Let’s not think about that.”

As the two stood and pushed back from their table, Mary-Ann looked over towards the woman in the sundress. She was getting up, and brushed mulch off of her that had been stuck. She sat on the bench, continuing to read. Maybe Mary-Ann was thinking about it too much. Who would willing wet herself in public like that anyhow? As she thought about it, Mary-Ann felt a familiar tingle around her privates. She knew what it was. Trying to push it away, she led Karenna away from the coffee shop and back to the street.

The walk back to the parking garage was quick. The light was already red, and wanting to take advantage of it, Mary-Ann and Karenna crossed immediately. As soon as their heels hit the other side of the sidewalk, the two walked up the ramp into the parking garage, where Mary-Ann’s SUV was waiting. Walking towards it, Mary-Ann kept playing and replaying what she had seen with the woman and her conversation with Karenna. Preparing for the meeting, both women grabbed their items out of the vehicle. For Karenna it was just a small portfolio with a few documents. For Mary-Ann, it was a similar object. Walking around the side of the SUV, Karenna offered to share some documents that she felt Mary-Ann might want to review.

The two walked towards the large office building as Mary-Ann did so, and Karenna could see the happy look that had appeared on her bosses face fade. They walked back onto the street in silence. Karenna was more or less here for documents and support, and after seeing that she could cheer up her boss, she wanted to try again. As they walked, Karenna thought back to their conversation. She racked her brain over what could make her boss laugh. A joke? Karenna didn’t think of herself as that humorous.

The bank headquarters were nondescript. The building may have been owned by the credit union itself but there were many other tenants. Still, it was quiet. No one was in the lobby to greet them, and one lone business man walked out of the doors of a first floor office space. The office behind him was dark. Without direction, Mary-Ann and Karenna walked over towards the directory near the elevators. The floors were recently cleaned and the carpets that led to the elevators were well kept. The two read that they would be going to the forth floor, and by happenstance, the elevator doors opened almost as soon as they found their destination.

A small group of people exited, paying no attention to either Mary-Ann of Karenna. Once they were in the elevator, they had it to themselves. Karenna tried to add levity

“If you want me to add that as the tagline, let me know.”

“What?”

“You know ‘buy a mortgage and I’ll pee my pants’”

It worked, Mary-Ann giggled, though it seemed like nerves. Still, she responded

“If I’m accident prone, does that mean I should take this meeting like this?”

Mary-Ann faked a desperate state by leaning forward and jamming a hand into her crotch. Karenna got a look at her bosses cleavage, and by her pose, her toned butt was also visible just inside her skirt. A pleasant side effect of their little inside joke.

Just then the doors opened and a man stood waiting for the elevators. He clearly saw Mary-Ann who straightened herself out, but not before her face turned bright red in embarrassment.

“S-sorry…” She cleared her throat

Getting off the elevator with Karenna in tow, Mary-Ann turned and playfully shook Karenna’s arm.

“You’re getting me in trouble!”

“I didn’t tell you to do that!”

The two were playfully pushing each other and giggling. It was enough that Mary-Ann missed the loud sound of the bathroom door slamming shut to her left. To her right, they entered the bank office. It wasn’t large, just enough to house the important figures and a conference room. A secretary with a posh look and even worse attitude looked up from her computer. Clearly not happy to have been interrupted. Mary-Ann, still smiling, confidently walked up to the desk.

“Adimari Mortgage? We had the 8:30?”

“Down to the left.”

There was no further instruction. Assuming the bank representative was ready for them, Mary-Ann easily found the office door. It was slightly ajar. To her surprise, it was empty. However, two chairs were sat in front of the large desk, clearly prepared for them. Mary-Ann took the one on the left, Karenna the right. The sound of the office clock ticked away behind them.

Looking around the room, Mary-Ann admired the achievements of the woman they were going to meet with. A framed newspaper article, a masters degree and a published book were all on display.

“1998. Deborah Whitmore. Inflation and the housing markets” Karenna read the publish date, author and title aloud

“I like her.” Mary-Ann remarked

Karenna nodded. “Ready?”

Mary-Ann looked to her employee, then pouted her lower lip.

“Kar. You’re going to think I’m joking.”

“What?” Karenna didn’t have to think long “you need to pee?”

Mary-Ann exhaled nervously “Yeah a little.”

Karenna smiled and replied in a low tone “I have to pee too.”

They looked at each other with a smirk. With the conversation they’d had that day, it was humorous more than anything. Though Karenna wasn’t lying, and neither was her boss. Karenna had felt a slight twinge in her bladder when they walked into the office and Mary-Ann when she grabbed her things out of the SUV. Smartly she mentioned

“We should probably go-“

Karenna was about to agree when the door opened. An older woman, and judging by her degree and her book publish date, most likely her fifties. Mary-Ann stood and shook her hand, which was received warmly. Karenna also shook her hand. As the other woman walked around to her desk, Mary-Ann whispered

“Why does this always happen to us?”

They gave each other a smile before the other woman asked

“What’s so funny?”

“Karenna and I were reminiscing is all.”

“Oh good. I thought I had stained something.”

Mary-Ann didn’t see anything. Of course she could only see the other woman’s shirt from behind the desk. From what she could recall the other woman was wearing a tan, almost khaki pant. Mary-Ann commented

“Deborah I didn’t know you wrote a book”

“As soon as I got the job here. I was under Ed Anderson, people seemed to think he was some sort of hateful man but I’d have never written that book without his encouragement.”

There was a pause. Karenna shifted in her seat. Her bladder gave her a gentle nudge to which she responded by rubbing her thigh. She’d be fine.

Mary-Ann spoke “I didn’t know him.”

“Well he’s been dead for almost a decade now. When’d you start here?”

“Four years ago?” Mary-Ann couldn’t remember.

She too could feel her bladder ask for relief. Out of habit she clasped her hands together and placed them over her crotch. She had forgotten she wasn’t wearing any panties. A slight moan escaped her. Karenna heard it, Deborah didn’t.

Continuing, Deborah mentioned “Actually I’m writing another book right now, I lost track of time. Sorry about being so late.”

“It’s alright.”

“Good. Should be a short meeting anyway.”

Mary-Ann tried to judge what that meant. As she did so, she unconsciously was rubbing herself into the chair. A sexual warmth was brewing in her loins.

“Mmm…why is that?” Mary-Ann was hopeful this was an indication that she could proceed

“Unless you can show me better numbers than what we have on file, I doubt we’re going to be able to go anywhere today.”

Karenna was shocked. Perhaps more so than Mary-Ann. Deborah continued

“We show you at 4.4 million dollars of mortgage sales the last quarter. Which is outstanding. Speaking frankly, it’s almost impossible for a one woman team to do.”

“I have help.”

Deborah nodded at Karenna, who nodded back. Her bladder was not taking the coffee well. Gone was the gentle and occasional nudge from a slightly full bladder and its place was the constant pressure of a distressed abdomen. Karenna rubbed her stomach, just above her bladder, and jittered her legs.

“Right. Still, we have you projected at thirty percent decrease over the next two quarters, and quarter one of next year at a further twenty percent.”

The pressure in Mary-Ann’s abdomen was becoming more consistent, though nothing she couldn’t manage. Offended, she retaliated

“So you’re essentially saying I’m average?”

“No, I’m not. This is what the data shows us. At any rate, approving this would overload you.”

“So I need a bigger team?”

Deborah paused, plotting her next words. Karenna’s bladder was also rather consistent, but under control. Shifting in her seat, Karenna used the movement to further dominate her bladder. To further bolster her ability to hold, she crossed her legs. Looking at her boss, Karenna could see Mary-Ann watching her from the corner of her eye. Deboarh spoke again

“It would help, yes.”

“So really I should be talking to the loan department first then. Get some new hires.”

“Not at these projections.”

“Then what about these?” Mary-Ann passed along the documents that Karenna had given her.

She couldn’t help but notice Karenna squirming in her seat. They knew each other’s predicament. Trying to stay focused on the meeting, Mary-Ann stared down Deborah. She knew what her mind was thinking. That little voice in the back of her head that thought it was hot.

“Who did these?”

“Karenna.”

“What accounting method did you use?”

Karenna spoke for herself “I’m not really sure of what you’d call it, but I looked at what we have in the pipeline, a deal with one of the larger realtors in the state coming up, and normal growth based on the season.”

“I can’t use this.” Deborah tossed the paper back

“Yes you can.” Mary-Ann stood up for her employee “She worked for nearly a week on this, I checked it, I’ll put my name on it. The only deals she accounted for in there are solid. And we’re very close to working with Valerie McCormick, which accounts for a lot of it.”

“Anything in writing?”

“We can’t have anything in writing, breaks anti-trust.” Karenna spoke up

Mary-Ann smiled. Clearly Karenna had been studying.

“Still. I’d lose my job if I went with this over anything that our side came up with. The answer is no.”

At that, Mary-Ann felt a jolt in her bladder. A quick contraction, she bounced her thighs together. Worse, she felt an empty, almost sense of dread wash over her. The deal was lost. Maybe. She had one final card to play

“We could also take our business elsewhere.”

“Not this year. Part of the deal was that you finished the year with us.”

Mary-Ann scolded herself for not remembering. Of course, by that point in the negotiations, she had been dying to pee, and had signed off on anything. Trapped.

“Then I guess I’ll stay.”

“I guess you will. Anything else?”

Both Karenna and Mary-Ann shook their heads. Even in defeat, Mary-Ann was gracious enough to shake Deborah’s hand. Karenna followed suit. Though as she stood, she could feel gravity pull down on her still filling bladder. It was annoying.

Leaving Deborah to her work, the two left the way they came. Passing by the receptionist, they exited the office. Before Karenna could say a word, Mary-Ann sighed and spoke in a serious tone.

“Before we leave, we going to go pee.”

Karenna wasn’t going to object. The two made their way into the clean restroom. Three stalls were on their left, and a row of sinks and mirrors were to the right. The only ones in the room were the boss and her employee. Mary-Ann spoke as she took the first stall, closest to the door.

“I’ve had worse days. Man was that a setback.”

Karenna took the stall closest to her boss

“And we can’t even go somewhere else. Was that really in the contract?”

“To be honest Kar, I’m not sure, but probably. I think I was too busy peeing my pants when I was signing that.”

Despite reaching a stall first, Mary-Ann mother was busy putting her portfolio on the shelf of the toilet. The first to drop her pants was Karenna. Between the two, she was the only one wearing pants. Unbuttoning and wiggling out of her grey slacks, she stuck her thumbs in the waistline and pulled down them down along with her panties in one motion. Karenna’s bare butt made contact with the toilet seat as she spoke

“My question was, did they really need to drag us all they way out here just to say no? Don’t they have like generic emails?”

In short order, Karenna’s stall was the first to erupt with a loud splash. Forcefully, her fresh urine splashed hard into the toilet bowl below her. As a smile crossed her face, an audible hiss accompanied the fast moving pee that was spraying out of her. Aided by the coffee she drank, It moved at a slight arc, wetting her dark labia and soft genitals before splashing into the toilet below her. Karenna could hear her boss also positioning herself in front of the toilet. The rustle of Mary-Ann pulling up her skirt.

“I think she was giving us an actual chance though. We just can’t do anything until we prove ourselves a little more.”

A loud splashing stream emanated from the stall next to Karenna/ After letting out a sigh, Mary-Ann contracted her bladder muscles, and the strong stream of clear piss shooting out from her increased in speed.

Unlike Karenna, Mary-Ann didn’t sit down on the toilet seat. Instead, she was crouched in a partial squat, her butt hovering over the toilet bowl. Relief washed over. Having Karenna also going right next to her was almost comforting.

“You know what though? I learned something today.” Mary-Ann spoke over both of their streams

“What?”

“You called me a friend. Honestly can’t say I have too many of those.”

The force at which Mary-Ann was emptying her bladder caused fresh droplets of pee to splatter onto her thighs. Some of the clear liquid droplets had enough momentum to fall into the toilet seat below her, but most of them stuck to her soft skin. Both knew at this point that the other shaved their privates, which wasn’t nessiasily on either of their minds, however for each it gave the splattering, spraying piss room to soak their womanly lips.

“Yeah.” Karenna commented “And friends always pee together!”

Mary-Ann laughed, the sound of her and Karenna’s stream still rushing as they spoke.

“Just as long as it’s not in our pants”

The roaring stream of the two business women was finally starting to dissipate, giving way to the gentle trickle of whatever was left in their bladders.

“You know boss, I believe in you. If you told me to pee my pants, I would.”

Karenna finished, and quietly dabbed herself dry with bits and squares of toilet paper. Mary-Ann was doing the same, though she chose to shake dry first. Her butt jiggled slightly as she did so.

Mary-Ann laughed, harder than she had all day. “You need to do standup or an open mic night. How do you always know what to say?”

Karenna shrugged, not that her boss could see “I just kind of guess.”

As both of them stood and flushed the yellowish water down the toilet, Mary-Ann spoke over the sound

“Karenna, even if it’s just us, I still think we can win this thing.”

When the two stepped out of the stall, Mary-Ann playfully punched Karenna’s arm. She may have lost the business with Lou today, but she had gained a friend. As Mary-Ann would come to find out, Karenna wasn’t just any friend. This was the start of an inseparable bond.

A/N: How'd you like it? I know there was no explicit desperation, but I wanted to try and see if these characters were strong enough to have a chapter be successful without them being overly desperate. What did you think? Did they pass? How did you like Mary-Ann fixation on her own predicament and others? Do you think the woman in the sundress actually wet in public? Or is Mary-Ann too stressed? Also, did you catch the hidden desperation?

*044*2024-05-29 10:35

{{13 hours ago, orangelion said:

I do believe the sundress woman wet in public. I don't see any other explanation for sitting on mulch for a few minutes. And if Mary-Ann's eyesight is to be believed, her panties were also darkened.

}}

I thought I put enough in there to make it seem like the Karenna’s side might have enough of a point but I think you’re right, theres a ton of evidence on Mary-Ann’s side.

{{13 hours ago, orangelion said:

I liked Mary-Ann's fixation on desperation in herself and others. It is also realistic as people tend to get fixated when they discover something new and exciting for them.

}}

Thanks! I tried to lean into that a lot in this chapter so I’m glad it came off as a fixation and not annoying lol

{{13 hours ago, orangelion said:

I did catch the hidden desperation. When Mary-Ann and Karenna exit the elevator, the restroom door is slammed shut. Given that Deborah joins the meeting a few minutes later, it might have been her. Though it could also just be a coincidence in timing.

}}

Good catch! Plus she mentions a stain and that she was “distracted”. The idea is that she was writing her second book and putting off going to the bathroom until she realized the time. Plus she was already pretty desperate so Deborah ran into the bathroom before meeting Mary-Ann and Karenna

*046*2024-05-29 16:10

{{On 5/28/2024 at 9:25 AM, croutcher said:

Expected a bit more. I thought mary ann would meet lou in his office without panties underneath. But it turned out entirely different. Anyways, the parking lot portion was hot. Sad that she was interrupted.

}}

If wet clothes masterbation is your thing, then the next chapter should make up for it! All feedback is good feedback though, where would you have rather seen it go?

*049*2024-06-22 17:36

{{On 6/20/2024 at 7:07 PM, KryptonianGod said:

Updating anytime soon?

}}

Very soon. If not this weekend then early next week. New chapter was supposed to be shorter but is between 4 and 6k words. Still, it's coming along

*052*2024-06-24 01:03

A/N: I figured I wasn't going to have a ton of time during the week, so I made sure to get this done now! Here you are, the climax for chapter one, and what a "climax" it is. In simple terms, here is your CONTENT WARNING: Detailed description of female masterbation. Other than that, this is the first chapter I've ever written in this style, and I'd love your thoughts. As always, feedback is not only appreciated but encouraged!

Chapter 1.7: Mary-Ann the Bedwetter

It had been a week. And not a particularly good one at that. It was Friday, late. Fittingly Mary-Ann’s dark apartment greeted her with a silence that matched the bleak living space. The dishes needed to be done, her dirty clothes were either laying on top of the washer or on the floor. All Mary-Ann could do was sigh. She checked her phone. Work. No matter how much she got done, there was always more to do. She locked her phone and dropped it off on the countertop.

Kicking off her heels, Mary-Ann checked the refrigerator. There was nothing in it that appealed to her. It was all healthy. She closed the refrigerator. She wasn’t hungry anyway, there was too much to do. Just past the kitchen space was where her couch was, empty. One of her bras, cream colored, rested on it. Narrowing her green eyes, Mary-Ann seemed drawn to it. She grabbed it, feeling the padding that typically housed her larger natural breasts. Tossing it towards the washing machine, it fell without a sound onto the floor before skidding across the floor. It almost made it.

Without another thought, Mary-Ann took her bra’s place and flopped down onto her couch. Still dressed in her work clothes, Mary-Ann felt her sport coat press into the back of her blouse. The bra she was wearing tight against her breasts. Bothered, she wriggled out of her sport coat and tossed it onto the floor, not wanting to get up off the couch. Unbuttoning her blouse, she displayed her dark colored bra to no one but the empty space in front of her. Putting her hand to her temple, Mary-Ann closed her eyes. Maybe she just needed some sleep.

Not wanting to get off the couch, Mary-Ann reached behind her back and released the clasp that held her bra in place. It was uncomfortable after a long day. In response, her large breasts fell into their natural position. Just enough weight to show their natural size. Throwing her bra towards the other one, Mary-Ann then used her fingers to undo the buttons on her blouse. With a stretch and a yawn, the tired bosses big boobs were out for anyone to see. With the lights off and the sun setting, its not as though anyone could have.

Settling into the corner of the couch, Mary-Ann could feel the leather of the nice furniture and the hard corner of the support against her back. Dichotomously it was pleasant and unpleasant. Rough and solid, yet pillowy soft. None of that mattered to her. She just wanted to rest her eyes.

As she closed them, she felt her mind vacate. Nothing replaced her work thoughts, for a moment, she was at peace. Settling into her position, she clasped her hands together and slowed her breathing. For once, she had a moment to herself. Then her phone rang.

I swear if this is another work call… Bothered, Mary-Ann stood from the couch and quickly walked over to the counter that housed her phone. Angrily, she picked up the device, only for it to tell her that it wasn’t work at all. It was Vanessa. Intrigued, Mary-Ann answered

”Hey, guess who we missed at the gym today?”

”I didn’t know you kept attendance.” Mary-Ann was feeling a little surly

“I can hang up if that’s what you want.”

“No, no…sorry. Just kind of mad.”

“What about?”

“Everything.”

An awkward silence hung between them. Rather quickly, a simple phone call had turned into a question of Vanessa and Mary-Ann’s relationship. In a show of friendship, Vanessa offered

“Sounds like you need some tea and a talk.”

Mary-Ann took a deep breath

“A shot of whisky could help.”

Vanessa giggled at the comment “It’s a Friday. Maybe both?”

Mary-Ann looked through her cabinets, knowing she didn’t have any tea of any sort. It didn’t stop her from looking, as if tea would magically appear by opening random door. The motion did cause her large breasts to sway and bounce with the movement, free from the confines of her bra they naturally swayed with her body. Free.

“No tea. Plenty of whisky.” Mary-Ann knew where that was

“Here, I’ll order some for you, I’ll have it delivered, where do you live?”

“Oh, you don’t have to do that.”

“But I am. Where do I send it to?”

“Vanessa, are you sure? I was probably just going to go to bed anyway.”

“You’ll feel better, and it’ll take twenty minutes, tops. We’ll do some yoga while we wait and you can tell me all about it.”

Mary-Ann said nothing. For as much as she’d unknowingly raised the stakes of the relationship on the call by her admission, a gift was another step. The more she thought about it, the more she wanted it. Reluctantly she responded

“Fine. Thanks.”

She was grateful enough to smile before she told Vanessa where she lived. Their conversation dulled as Vanessa ordered whatever tea it was she thought Mary-Ann should have and spent time getting a delivery driver to Mary-Ann’s apartment.

The conversation resumed as soon as Vanessa finished and offered to help Mary-Ann further

“We’ll do a quick yoga session, no charge.”

”Thanks, don’t really know what I did to deserve this.”

”You sounded like you needed it.”

Mary-Ann nodded, not that Vanessa could see her. She wasn’t above accepting the gift but she had to wonder how Vanessa made any money if this was the way she ran her business. Still, she kept her comments to herself as she listened for instruction.

”Ok, first thing we’ll do is easy. Do you have space? We’ll sit on the floor.”

Working with her instructor, Mary-Ann maneuvered into her bedroom and tried to stretch as she was told.

”I’m still in my work pants. Can’t really stretch my legs.”

”Do you live with anyone?”

”No.”

”Then take them off.”

”Um…I don’t know…I’m not really wearing a top either.” Mary-Ann laughed nervously

”That’s fine! I do naked yoga all the time.”

”I mean, I have underwear on.”

”Even better!”

Vannessa was right, no one could really see Mary-Ann from where she was, and living alone a few floors up, she really didn’t and anything to worry about. She shouldn’t. It was her space and her opportunity to vent. Standing back up briefly, almost proudly, Mary-Ann unzipped the fly on her business pants and unfastened the button that held them together. With a deep breath she dropped the cream colored pants and let them fall to the floor. Now only in her pink underwear, the big breasted boss sat back down on the floor.

”You ready?”

”Ready. Not sure about how confident I am.”

”That’s valid, but just anxiety. We’ll work on it. First thing you’ll do is put your feet together so that your soles touch.”

Doing as instructed, Mary-Ann put her feet together so that they aligned as symmetrical as she could get them. She leaned forward slightly, her bare boobs nearly casting a shadow over her feet. Vannessa led her through some breathing exercises. It seemed to work, at least well enough that Mary-Ann forgot that she was practically naked and sitting on the floor. Her panties offered little coverage for her more sensitive skin. If anyone could have looked hard enough, they may have been able to just see the outline of Mary-Ann’s labia. Presently at rest.

Mary-Ann took a deep breath, then exhaled. Then another. Her thoughts when it came to work had begun to leave her. Each passing exhale calmed her. Vanessa then told her to reach for the ceiling. Mary-Ann did so, leaning to one side and lifting her arm as high as it would go without changing her seated position. With no bra to keep them in place, her well-endowed breasts moved with her torso, the light fabric of her panties shifting slightly. Mary-Ann’s thin womanly lips just poked out of one side. A question of something Vanessa had just said came back to her

”You do yoga naked?”

”Oh sure! At least once a week. It’s so freeing! Even did it in my backyard once so my feet could touch the grass.”

”Don’t people watch?”

”My fence is high enough. I taught naked yoga classes for a little.”

Mary-Ann’s shock came through her voice “Really?”

”Yeah, all women, small group at my place. It was a great way to bond with each other. Don’t do it anymore though.”

”You didn’t get sued, did you?”

”No. But I was having issues with my sink and the landlord walked in on us. Should have seen the look on his face when there’s six of us all naked.”

”Did he see you?”

”Oh of course! Wasn’t going to stop class.”

”I would have cried.”

Vanessa giggled and instructed Mary-Ann to change position. They stood and positioned their arms behind their back. Her exposed chest now opened towards the wall, Mary-Ann’s larger than average breasts were pointed at her painted wall, her nipples proudly presenting themselves.

”Are you ashamed of yourself?” It was a deep question for Vanessa to be asking

”Shouldn’t I be concerned with who sees me naked?”

”Eh, it’s all in your head. Haven’t you been in a locker room before? Besides, I went out west a while back for a music fest. You get comfortable with it.”

Mary-Ann disagreed but didn’t respond. She debated if it was even worth arguing about this, especially with someone who had been so nice to her. Vanessa didn’t seem to mind

”So anyway, yeah, my landlord told me later that the house wasn’t…I don’t know, allowed? Basically not allowed to be used for businesses.”

”Zoned commercial?”

”Yeah! Glad you know what he meant.”

”I’m just happy he didn’t ask to watch you.”

”Who? Ted? My landlord is such a sweet guy, I don’t think that’d even cross his mind.”

Vanessa next instructed them to go into the downward dog position. Bending forward, Mary-Ann placed both hands on the ground and stuck her backside into the air. While her breasts hung down, her panties showed how little of her they actually covered. If only someone could see the pretty blonde on the third floor.

“His wife brought me over some cookies when I first moved in.” Vanessa continued “But tell me about work, what’s got you so down lately?”

“Everything. It just feels like I’m stuck and every time I try to get out of it, I get shoved back into this little space.”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean I had this one opportunity to write mortgages on commercial property, but the bank we work with is too small to handle them if it goes under, and I’m not allowed by my contract to leave. Meanwhile I feel like I get stuck with all these smaller residential mortgages that are nice, but don’t help us expand.”

“But you’re really good at the like normal stuff.”

“Thanks…I guess.”

Mary-Ann knew that Vanessa was just listening, not really fully understanding her business. The more she thought about it, the more Mary-Ann realized she’d prefer to talk about anything else. She changed the subject

“I’m just complaining at the end of the day…you really used to do naked yoga?”

“Yes!” Vanessa's voice was in a higher pitch, almost slightly offended

“Would you ever do it again?”

“Why? Are you interested?”

“It just seems like trouble. Honestly I’m not sure I’d be comfortable in front of all those people.”

“It wasn’t that many-“

A knock on Mary-Ann’s door broke the conversation.

“Oh! Sounds like tea’s here!”

“Alright, go enjoy it. Namaste Mary-Ann and call me if you need to talk again.”

The two amicably hung up, Mary-Ann’s frown had faded. True to her word, Vanessa had helped clear Mary-Ann’s mind, and she felt more at peace. Of course, she still wanted a little whiskey to top off her night. Maybe just not as much as before.

Exiting her bedroom door, still in just her underwear, Mary-Ann passed by her living room, paying no attention to her bra which was draped over the couch. As if it didn’t even register for the normally bashful Mary-Ann that she was nearly nude. By the time it did, she was nearly at the front door to the outside world. Maybe I could just grab it really quick. Mary-Ann looked out through the peephole. No one was there. Neighbors aren’t around. Mary-Ann could feel a shiver roll down her spine. Could she really? Even for a second, was she honestly debating with herself if she wanted to go topless? The same shiver hit her belly and stabbed down into her sex organ. She bit her lip. Her knees were jelly as she reached for the doorknob. I don’t have to do this. I could just go get my top. I could go get my pants. This is silly

She knew why. Not why she had to, but why she was. Mary-Ann was turned on. Alive. Just the thought of some strange man catching her in such a compromising position was enough to override her logical mind. A deep breath. In a flash, she did it.

Not even taking a moment to remember the movement, Mary-Ann’s hand was on the door. A quick turn of the knob. She snatched the package up from the ground. Her big tits swaying as they did so. In as quick a movement, the package was inside. The door slammed shut. Short, quick breaths ensued. One in, one out. Adjusting to the change in air temperature, Mary-Ann felt her exposed nipples harden. Perhaps instead of the air temperature, they were reacting to her.

“Mmmf…” Mary-Ann could only utter the lonely phrase as she began to rub her boobs, her bare back resting on the door

That was the hottest thing I’ve ever done. A moan escaped Mary-Ann’s lips as she place the delivery on her countertop. I need a drink. Rushing over to her cabinet, she grabbed the bottle of whiskey and poured herself a shot. It was gone quickly. Down her throat.

“Why the hell did I do that?” Mary-Ann said to no one but herself

She poured herself another shot, but let it rest. She covered her eyes, her mood swinging wildly back and forth. She didn’t know what to think. Her sexual thoughts were quickly intruded on by guilt. Maybe even hatred. Sinking to the floor Mary-Ann rubbed her eyes. If only she could rub away the past few moments. Unable to tell her feelings anymore, Mary-Ann wanted to believe it was stress. She wanted to believe anything expect what it could be. That she was into it. That maybe part of her wanted to be caught.

Standing, she finished her second shot and begun to make her tea. Maybe this would calm her down. If not the tea, than the shots of straight whiskey.

Making the tea wasn’t hard, it was the numbness in her fingers that was bothering her. The alcohol began to set in, making its presence known faster than usual. Two shots in rapid succession were almost a shock to her system. The liquors pleasant warmth spread throughout Mary-Ann’s body, maybe it could help quell the voice in the back of her head that said what she did was wrong. That Mary-Ann should have put a top on. Some proper pants. Deep breaths. That’s what Vanessa had taught her. Maybe just making the tea would be enough to focus on to silence her mind. There wasn’t much to it. Boiled water. A bag, and it was done. Moreover, it was delicious. Smooth and warm, it was the opposite of the liquor.

Mary-Ann could taste the lavender. Even as the alcohol set in, it hadn’t dulled her senses enough. Another series of deep breaths. Finally, some peace. But whether it was the tea or the whiskey that had dulled her negative thoughts, Mary-Ann couldn’t tell. What she could tell was that she was tired. Taking her tea cup back to the sofa, the blonde thought about what she could do. The night wasn’t quite young, and television wasn’t appealing to her.

The nearly naked boss sat and sipped her tea, not thinking of her bladder, which was now hit with a full cup of tea and two shots of liquor, on top of whatever remained from her afternoon at work. It wasn’t something that she could feel yet, partially due to the whiskey. She was looking for something she liked, something to do while she sipped. She could read. Reading sounded quite pleasant, a way to keep her mind quelled.

For what would prove to be the last time for the night, Mary-Ann carried her small plate and teacup to her bedroom. Her mattress was something she had invested in. Thick, yet soft, it always sprang back into place. Her light grey sheets were inviting. The soft silk ran smooth through her hand, as if it were guiding her hand instead of the other way around. Placing her plate and teacup on the nightstand, she briefly traded it for the book that was sitting on top of the small square bedside table. Winners and Losers by Steven Warner. Riding the line between business and motivational, it was just enough to tantalize her business brain, but enough of a motivational tease to put a smile on her face.

It was here, with her back propped up against the backboard and occasional sips of tea that Mary-Ann decompressed. The liquor was just enough to temporarily part the clouds of despair and slow her mind. Slow enough for her to enjoy her tea and enjoy her book. But as each page flipped from one side to the other, Mary-Ann could feel her eyelids grow heavy. She finished her tea, enjoying every drop. A yawn. Without another thought, Mary-Ann put her teacup down on her plate. Her book, its spine facing up towards the ceiling, was placed on her bed next to her, by her hips. Next the lamp was turned off, shrouding the room in darkness. Without a top or her worries, Mary-Ann’s day concluded. Or so she thought. Her now rapidly filling bladder had other plans.

An hour had passed, or maybe two. Mary-Ann couldn’t keep track anymore, her conscious mind had long retreated to rest, and her unconscious mind had taken control. An occasional twitch of her nose, and a toe was the only thing that presently distinguished her from a corpse. Her slow breathing meshed with the subtitle rise and fall of her nude breasts, her soft skin nearly melting into her even softer sheets. The only unhappy organ was her bladder.

Now engorged with whiskey and tea, it was filled with enough urine to try and communicate with Mary-Ann’s brain. To warn her that it needed to be empty. This was ignored. Partially from her alcohol induced rest, partially because of the overworked boss’s need to sleep. In any case, her bladder was willing to remain closed, knowing its place. But it wouldn’t be denied forever. In the dark room, it bided its time, unable to stop Mary-Ann from falling into a dream. But here is where it could strike. A plan to make the blonde wake and respect her body’s needs, or suffer the consequences.

Unaware that she was in a dream, Mary-Ann simply took in where she was. A wheat field. Home. Or at least, it was a facsimile of what her home was. A white farm house loomed large overhead, the blue sky and afternoon sun hung over it all. In her dream, bright sun cast no heat, though this didn’t bother Mary-Ann. Running her fingers through the imaginary wheat it instead felt like her bedroom sheets. Her mind was unable to recreate the illusion of touching the cash crop in front of her. Joyfully, Mary-Ann darted in and out of the swaths of land, her mind allowing her to playfully reminisce. Though in reality she’d never be naked the way her brain had chosen her to be now, it was still a fantasy she could accept. As she ran, she noticed a parting of wheat in front of her. The tail of some snake like creature roaming ahead of her. She had to follow it. Away from her home.

In reality Mary-Ann was still silently sleeping. Her bedroom lay just as quietly around her, the darkness weighing heavy on every object in the apartment. The only disturbed creature was the bosses bladder. Despite her body naturally slowing down and feeding the organ less and less urine, it was still unhappy. Full. Pinching and pressing, it was trying to wake Mary-Ann, who would have gone to the bathroom had she been able to feel how much she needed to go. Instead, she remained asleep. Her legs twitched inadvertently, her unconscious mind reacting to her bladders demands. To counter the unruly organ, Mary-Ann’s well-trained muscles countered, helping to hold her pee.

As dreams are, Mary-Ann found herself in an illogical spot. In her dream, she was still in the nude, unafraid, and standing on a cliff. The wheatfield behind her and the blue sky still above. The house she grew up in was long gone. Now standing atop the nonsensical cliff, she could see a far off piece of land, brambles and thick trees between it. She knew it was covered in thorns and dangerous wildlife. Completely immersed in the logic of her dream, she shouldn’t have had the information she did. Strange as it was, she began speaking with a figure on that far section of land. It spoke a familiar voice.

“I’m not used to the clouds.” The blue sky had begun to darken, the grey overcast rolling in over the blue

“I think we both know what it means.” Mary-Ann responded “I’d better go inside before I get wet.”

There was no response. There wouldn’t be from that distance anyway. In a moment, and rather illogically, Mary-Ann found herself walking down a hallway. Dressed in her favorite pencil skirt and blouse, she knew she had a meeting. With who or for what, she had no clue. She was woefully unprepared.

Mary-Ann shifted in her sleep. What should have pained her to wake did not. Overly tired and buzzed from her whiskey, her mind had no capacity to alert her to her full bladder. Locked away from its relief, her bladder knew that if she were to wake, the toilet was just a few steps away. Like a schoolgirl begging for the bathroom door to open, her bladder was now pleading with its master. If Mary-Ann didn’t wake, her bladder would have no option but to let go. It was critical, urgent that she awake. Maybe, just maybe, if it could penetrate her dream, the organ could arouse Mary-Ann into waking. It was all it could do.

Inside her dream, Mary-Ann was frightened. In a hallway that was unfamiliar, she knew she couldn’t miss this meeting but she had no idea what it was about. At least Karenna was there. Dressed in her grey suit and pants, Mary-Ann’s short assistant was by her side, as she always was.

“I’m confused.” Mary-Ann admitted to the apparition of Karenna

“And scared!” Karenna’s normally chipper voice was still present

Mary-Ann didn’t have a choice. Walking forward into the meeting room, there was a small round table, almost comically so. At the small table sat a man and a woman. The man was dressed sharply and had a stern expression on his face. The woman was dressed down a little. Clad in khaki pants and a dark shirt, she had a much better energy about her. Radiant and smiling. Karenna led Mary-Ann to the front of the room.

The room itself was dark, save for the small light that was just enough to give the four of them color. What the light source was exactly, Mary-Ann didn’t know. The overcast sky from her previous location had followed. Now darker, the sky was nearly black. The office building that they were in made little logical sense from the outside. A roaring river sat beside it, the waves crashing and violently tossing the water up and over the various rocks around it.

“The water’s rising.” The man spoke “You’d better be quick, its coming.”

“I’ll have to make something up.” Mary-Ann admitted

“Don’t you always?”

Now standing in front of the two, with Karenna to her side, Mary-Ann started a presentation. A mishmash of different topics, it was unlike any presentation Mary-Ann would give in real life.

“Vanessa was very nice to me, but I can’t figure out why.”

“Probably trying to sell you something” The man commented

“Maybe she likes you?” The woman commented

“I can’t believe she’s seen you wet your pants! You must have been so embarrassed.” Karenna didn’t have this knowledge in real life, but in Mary-Ann’s dream, she was granted access to it.

“That’s the thing.” Mary-Ann continued to talk “I’ve been having these accidents and…situations where I really need to go and sometimes have to do something drastic.”

“Like when you peed in front of Karenna?” The woman asked

“Which time?” The stand-in for Karenna spoke

“You should be ashamed” The man spoke sternly “You’re a professional, the boss of your own company, this is unacceptable.”

Mary-Ann felt a wave of sadness overcome her. He was right.

The roaring water from the river was getting louder. Furiously it began to wash over its confines and splash against the building they were in. Rain had also started. It slapped against the windows, somehow audible among the rushing water.

“Look” The woman directed her to turn around

Mary-Ann turned to face Karenna. She was supposed to. Her mind had set a different scene for her protégé. Bent forward and still in her business clothes, Karenna had her hands stuffed into her crotch. The short black businesswoman looked Mary-Ann in the eyes, her lips not moving but her voice playing in Mary-Ann’s head

“Please let me pee boss, please let me go! Just wake up!”

Like the office in her dream, Mary-Ann’s room in reality had become just as dark. Normally a good cover for nightly activities and privacy, it also seemed to muffle the situation Mary-Ann was in. One of her legs was twitching involuntarily, a symptom of her bladder’s need for release. The blonde was out of time, and still dreaming. Unaware of the painful predicament her body was in. Stretched and as full as it could be, her bladder was starting to give out. Her dream only spoke to her in metaphors, the roaring river a symbol of the impeding doom, a flood of pent up piss pressing down on her tight shaved pussy. Then it happened. A drop. A small bead of pee escaped her slit. It touched her panties without a sound. They were still dry. But if Mary-Ann didn’t wake, they wouldn’t be dry for long.

In her dream, Mary-Ann’s priorities had shifted. Abandoning her meeting on a whim, she grabbed Karenna’s arm and ran out of the room. As she ran, her mind dropped the façade of a meeting room. It should have been a hallway, but it was a black space. No defining features, no rooms to escape towards. Just the sound of the rushing waves behind them. The only thing on Mary-Ann’s mind was finding this fictional Karenna a bathroom. They were lost. Maybe it was some sort of cave. A dripping sound. It felt warm. The splashing, dripping liquid was all around. Now cast in the shadow, the facsimile of Karenna, her hands dug into her privates, waddled desperately away from her boss. Mary-Ann no longer had the agency to grab her.

Reality was much less intense, but just as exciting. Both the outdoors and the quiet of Mary-Ann’s apartment were juxtaposed against what was happening under the covers of her bed. The blonde business owner’s panties were starting to darken. The first small dribble of pee that had escaped invited many more. Quickly each small drop of piss accelerated, and her underwear was now adorned with a small pee stain. It grew. Just a little. Her well trained muscles fought back. Just one more time. Anything to stop Mary-Ann from peeing the bed.

Karenna had disappeared. Only her outline was visible. Mary-Ann called for her. No response. Suddenly there was a loud hiss. A sound that Mary-Ann was familiar with. She connected it with herself. Hunched over, her snatch hissing as she uncontrollably peed on her rug. The first one. She asked Karenna’s shadow, the sound of her piss overtaking the natural water.

“Are you wetting yourself?”

“You know you want to see it.” It wasn’t Karenna’s voice.

Some sort of strange amalgamation of Mary-Ann’s voice and Karenna’s. It was frightening. Mary-Ann a warmth at her crotch as she listened. She felt the wetness. The river had reached her. Splashing, rising, it threatened to drown her. She started to run.

Laying in her bed, on her expensive silk sheets, Mary-Ann was out of time. Her bladder had tried and failed to wake her. It was full. All of her whiskey and tea had to go somewhere, and so it was decided. For the first time in her life, Mary-Ann was wetting the bed. A light sheen dribbled out of her privacy. It moved slowly, and ran down her skin before resting on her thigh. It was quickly followed by a slightly more rapid flow of liquid that caused the sleeping boss to smile. Given that she was asleep, the contents of her bladder moved slowly, without the aid of contracting muscles. Slowly, the pink color of her panties darkened, turning almost black at the crotch as her running pee spilled out of her.

The puddle expanded downward, flowing straight from its source. Expanding along her expensive sheets, Mary-Ann’ pee puddle reached past her thighs, creating an unmistakable stain between them. What sounded like a creek gently pushing itself over rocks was in fact her urine pushing though her tight snatch.

In her dream, Mary-Ann was waist deep in the warm lake. It was just her. Every other image had disappeared, clearing itself as her dream was as dark as her room. In the logic of her dream she only had one option. To jump into the darkness in front of her. Without hesitation, she did. As she fell she felt warm, comforted, and at peace. A smile crossed her face.

As she dreamed, Mary-Ann’s bed had taken considerable damage. Having never wet the bed before, her sheets had no protection from her hot piss and it quickly soaked into them as it cooled. Cutting through the soft, light fabric, the harsh urine reached the mattress in no time. The pee pooled around her genitals, forming a small lake just below her crotch. The puddle urine then seeped onto her thighs, giving the formerly pink fabric of her panties a dark makeover, sparing very little. As the last of her urine poured out, it soaked her back. The entirety of Mary-Ann’s butt was drenched in urine, yet the stain didn’t extend past her legs. Her spread legs now housed a cooling pool of urine that coated her legs, butt and back in its expansive stain. In an impressive fashion, Mary-Ann had peed the bed.

The sensation of falling is what had caused her to wake up. Finally. Disoriented, Mary-Ann swallowed. She felt strangely comfortable. But also cold. Freezing even. She felt another sensation, as if someone had splashed her with a bucket of cold water. Mary-Ann hoped it was sweat, though she couldn’t remember any nightmares. Another thought crossed her mind Did…did I pee? Her hand slowly ran down her naked chest. Each finger slowly working its way past her belly button. She wasn’t sure if she was scared or intrigued as to what she would find. Her fingers reached her crotch. Her panties were soaked. It was pee. Gasping, Mary-Ann spoke to herself in a low whisper

“I wet the bed…oh my gosh I just peed myself…”

Moving her fingers down, she felt them splash in the little puddle her bladder had made. Her free hand covered her mouth in shock. Still in a low tone, only audible to herself, Mary-Ann spoke

“Wow, that is so much pee…”

Still, she didn’t move. Instead, her fingers splashed in the cold piss. They felt around the bed, feeling the size of the pool of piss around her. A large circle of wetness, all emanating from her and her tight, shaved snatch. She felt her other hand leave her shocked mouth and instead move to her boobs. Her nipples were hard. Maybe she was just cold. Or maybe it was something more. Gently, she started to play with her breasts. Her other hand slowly inching its way back to her panties. Getting over her initial shock, her mind and her senses returned to her. Her bladder was not entirely empty. She could feel it. An idea struck her. Maybe I could pee them again? I’m already wet.

More than an idea. A fantasy struck her. Instead of wearing only her panties, she imagined herself in the same attire that she had worn on that fateful day. The day that she had wet herself in front of Karenna. In the dark of the room, one hand began to massage her large titties, and the other began to slowly rub the bosses tight pussy.

As muted as the night had made her bedroom, it had also muted her logical business mind. She didn’t care that she was laying in a puddle of her own pee, nor that she was starting to touch herself. Without the strings of society attached, and away from the public eye, Mary-Ann felt free to touch herself. To let her mind wander. To fantasize. Keeping her drenched panties over herself, Mary-Ann’s fingers began to rub slow, wide circles that just caressed her labia. She was careful not to touch her clit. Not yet.

Working her magic on her now horny mind, her brain moved from dreams to sexual desires. Still pretending to be dressed in her business attire, Mary-Ann’s mind pitched her ideas.

The first to come to her was a big meeting. She imagined herself having too much to drink beforehand and not getting a chance to go. Her fingers began to find her most sensitive areas. A quick touch sent a shock of excitement through her. Mary-Ann could see herself raising her hand in her minds eye. Yes, before we start, may I use the bathroom? Of course, she denied herself. Moving her legs in bed, the puddle at her crotch reacted with a splash, displacing the cold pee over the sheets again. Mary-Ann resumed touching herself, changing her mind on the fantasy. The cold pee at her crotch had snapped her out of it, and her mind forced her to change.

Now pushing her piss-soaked panties up, Mary-Ann’s fingers began to slowly run the length of her soft lips. She felt one of her fingers enter her. Then another shortly after. They began to slide in and out, her pussy now wet with sexual anticipation. Her mind brought her another fantasy. Her car. Desperately trying to make it to another meeting, she was rushing through traffic.

Imagining herself cruising off a highway exit, Mary-Ann ran specific lines through her head. Why did I drink so much water? Why did I have so much coffee? I need to go so bad but I have to make it to this meeting. She envisioned her current bladder, which couldn’t have been more than half full as a rock. A stiff stone in her abdomen that needed to be released. Her fingers began to move at a quicker pace, the wet suction sounds of her tight box filling the room. In the dark of the night, the soft moans and nearly splashing sounds of her sex juices and cold piss were a giveaway to anyone. The hot blonde was pleasuring herself.

Continuing her fantasy, Mary-Ann pictured herself at a red light. She imagined her hands plunged into her crotch, holding herself as Karenna had been in her dream. I’m so close to the office. I don’t know if I can make it. I’m so desperate, I’m sweating. Mary-Ann drew on her experiences with her first accident. How tight her bladder had felt. Heavy. She imagined herself in that predicament now. Her jittering legs, her mind only focused on holding back her pee. I just need this car to go faster. I have to make it back to the office. I can’t stop somewhere to pee!

Moving as fast as they could, her fingers pushed as far as they could pleasurably go. Keeping them inside herself, Mary-Ann felt the rising feeling of an orgasm weigh down on her. The pressure in her pussy building as she bit down on her lip. She had no choice but to moan. Unlike the soft squeals before it, this was a primal release. It begged her, pleaded with her to finish her fantasy.

Taking herself back inside her mind, Mary-Ann imagined that she had made it to the parking lot. That her heels had touched the pavement and she was trying to run towards the door. I’m so close, I’m almost to the toilet! I think I can make…oh no!

Mary-Ann took a deep breath. Finally she admitted to herself. She may be a business owner, a professional and a leader, but her strongest current desire could not be more clear. She wanted to pee herself. I hope no one can see me! I’m going pee in my panties again!

This time it would be on her terms, with her consent and her control. Exhaling, Mary-Ann tried to let go. She felt a rush. Then nothing. This would be the coup de grâce. She’d pee herself in her fantasy and right here in her bed again. Stopping all action, Mary-Ann attempted again to relax. Still nothing. She had to pee and was ready to let it out, but still, nothing. She tried again, this time she visualized pushing her bladder beyond her mental barrier and felt a rush through her urethra towards her pee hole. She used her fantasy to help her. I hope those cute guys at the mechanic shop aren’t watching! Oh! There’s a huge puddle!

It was as if she could feel her pee right at her opening, waiting to get out. But she couldn't. She followed it up with a push. Something. A rush towards her muff, it felt like an ocean rushing to the shore. But no new wetness. She relaxed again. It was close, so close. She felt like she could do it. Just then, she could swear she felt a touch of dampness in her panties. Then came a new sound. A new feeling. Mary-Ann could feel a slight warmth moving growing in her cold panties. Her ears confirmed it. A faint hiss and the low click of a gentle stream parting her womanly lips. She was doing it. A mesh of her fantasy and reality. Mary-Ann was peeing herself, right in her own bed.

As she felt some of her urine collecting around her privates, Mary-Ann was starting to enjoy the feeling. A pleasant warmth had nestled against her slit, sending a chill down her spine. Her mattress was soaked again. Her puddle slightly trickling and vibrating with the new piss flowing into it. It’s boarders expanded, soaking into the mattress underneath. It didn’t matter. Not now at least. It may never matter to Mary-Ann again. Still pissing, she began to rub herself through her sodden panties, the pink fabric now almost gone. Her legs began to buckle as continued to envision having an accident in the parking lot, her worries and stress from the long days gone. The cold piss was renewed by the warm, which mixed with her wet pussy.

Nearly empty, Mary-Ann stopped peeing for a moment. Now fully committed to pleasuring herself, she threw off her piss stained, ruined panties. They hit the floor with a heavy thud. The puddle of lukewarm piss splashed as she placed her well-toned ass back in the lake of pee. It still coated every inch of her butt and the back of her thighs. She could feel the wetness on her back. But what was piss and what was sweat from her furious masturbation was unclear. Sloppy wet sex sounds were the only sound left in her dark bedroom. Mary-Ann may have been embarrassed to think that her neighbors could hear her, but at this point, she didn’t care.

In a limbo, her heart and her head were pounding with excitement and exertion, yet every muscle in Mary-Ann's body was relaxed. Her eyes closed again, she felt her fingers crammed between her swollen pussy lips. Her fantasy came back one final time. I don’t have time to change, I have to meet them like this! I hope they don’t notice I wet myself!

Mary-Ann’s eyes rolled and jaw dropped. The feeling of electric pleasure shot through every limb. It felt as though every neuron was firing in her brain as her moans turned to cries. I’m sorry there’s a puddle Karenna, I had another accident, I just couldn’t hold it anymore! Continuing to manipulate her sensitive snatch, thoughts ran wild through her mind. Imagining that she got away with it. Imagining that only Karenna caught her. I’m sorry you have a boss who’s a panty wetter…I just don’t have time to go. Her heart was beating so fast it felt like she could choke on it. Her large c-cup breasts were not forgotten as she fondled herself. Her pussy ached, begging her to keep going as her moaning was overtaken by the sounds of her dripping snatch reacting to her fingers. Another brief fantasy took her mind, this time she was wetting herself in front of Karenna. The idea brought her closer to climax.

Her excitement roared through her body, her pussy juices mixing with her now cold urine. She felt as though there were butterflies in her stomach. Mary-Ann needed to cum. Her exposed nipples were small and hard. She screamed, writhing in the pleasure of the most intense orgasm of her adult life. I’m just so accident prone, I can’t control it! Please, just please don’t tell anyone! She was almost there. She needed something, anything to bring her over the top. Spreading her legs wide, Mary-Ann’s fingers ran just under her clit, the hood of her most sensitive organ reacting. Just one more thought, and she’d cum.

Screw it! I love it! It’s my thing, I need it. I love being desperate to go, I love holding it during meetings. I loved how warm it felt on my pussy. I can’t hide it anymore. I’m not accident prone, I love pissing my panties!

That was all it took. The idea of having another accident and the promise of more to come. Mary-Ann could feel her inner walls convulsing as pleasure ravaged her body. She moaned, panting as her heart continued to race. Then it was over.

Mary-Ann let her sex juices run into her now ruined sheets and soaked mattress as she came back down to earth. I wish I could have done it in school, I wish I could do it in meetings, I wish I share this with someone. She was in her own little world, apart from all her troubles and worries. She loved this place, and looking at her piss stained sheets and mattress, she now knew how to get back. Calming, she thought of her recent escapades. I even loved stopping and peeing in the woods, I loved peeing in front of Karenna, I even love this wet bed…I….I love when I need to pee.

This wasn't something she could or would forget, this was a confession, what her subconscious had been arguing for all along. Smiling to herself, Mary-Ann finally admitted that she had a fetish. This was her thing, her secret pleasure. She knew she’d do it on purpose. Pee in her pants. Just to try it again. Part of her even wanted to see how badly she could stain her mattress, that maybe she could become a bed wetter. It was a hot idea, but just a fantasy. Still, it’d just be her. It wouldn’t hurt anyone. The only thing she sincerely began to wonder is if it’d be so bad to have a few ‘accidents’ at the office. After all, Karenna already called her accident prone.

A/N: I hope it was easy to follow what was a dream and what wasn't, and I hope this turn for Mary-Ann was done correctly. Originally I had planned to extend her debate with herself into chapter 2 but I felt like that'd be too long and ultimately frustrating. I'd love to know your thoughts on her now compared to the first iteration of this story and any changes that you like vs what you don't like. I'll also add my thoughts on for chapter 1 in totality later. I'd also love to know where you feel this story is going and what chapter 2 is going to focus on. Also, next up we have 3 interludes, which will mostly focus on side characters and won't progress the story, mainly focusing on desperation and pee/wetting scenes with them. Anything you want to see in any future interludes, feel free to comment or DM, I might be able to put it in!

