Karina's Desperate Dash

Author: kpopleaks55

*000*2025-04-05 06:29

My first story featuring my favorite kpop leader. Enjoy!

It was a chilly evening in Seoul, and the members of aespa had just wrapped up their intense rehearsal for an upcoming performance. Karina, the leader of the group, was feeling the usual adrenaline of practice, but something was making her increasingly uncomfortable. It had been hours since her last bathroom break, and now, the pressure building inside her was becoming unbearable.

Her stomach was grumbling—she was hungry, but more than that, she felt a tight, insistent pressure deep in her bladder. She'd been so caught up in rehearsing and perfecting the choreography that she had ignored the warning signs. But now, as the final notes of their last song rang through the practice room, the urge to go was overwhelming. Her dance moves were sloppy as she constantly had the urge to hold herself and cross her legs.

"Karina, are you okay?" Winter asked, her eyes narrowing with concern. Karina had stopped moving mid-step and had her hands on her thighs, her face unusually pale.

Karina forced a weak smile, trying to brush it off. "Yeah, just a little tired," she said, her voice higher-pitched than usual. She crossed one leg in front of the other, trying to hide how desperate she was, but it wasn’t working.

Winter’s eyes narrowed further. "You sure? You look kind of… pale."

Karina blushed and put her hands in her hoodie, pressing down on her abdomen. She instinctively crossed her legs as a sudden wave of pressure hit her like a freight train. I can’t wait any longer, she thought, her body trembling. She looked around the room, realizing the bathroom was across the building.

"I’ll be right back!" Karina said quickly, standing up, though the sudden motion made her knees buckle slightly. She rubbed her thighs again, but this time, the tightness in her lower abdomen was more than just a mild discomfort—it was urgent.

Winter stood, her expression full of concern. "Karina, are you sure? You don't look—"

"I’m fine!" Karina cut her off, a little too loudly. "Just… need a second."

But as soon as she took a step, her body betrayed her. A sudden rush of pressure made her stop in her tracks, and she squeezed her legs together even tighter. Just a few more steps… She tried to walk, but each movement made her feel like she was teetering on the edge of disaster. Her legs crossed tighter, trying to hold it in as she hurried down the hall. Her heart was racing now, and her face flushed with embarrassment.

Her bladder screamed for release, and she fought back tears as she crossed her legs even harder, pressing them together so tightly that her muscles started to ache. She was so close to the bathroom, she could almost feel the relief. Come on, just a little longer, she thought, willing herself not to leak.

But then, just as she rounded the corner toward the bathroom door, she felt it—another leak. A small one at first, but it was enough to make her panic. She took a shaky breath, double crossing her legs together so tightly that it felt like she might snap. Her hand shot to her crotch, but it did nothing to stop the growing sensation. She could feel the warmth spreading into her leggings, and her face burned with embarrassment. No, no, no, she thought, but her body was betraying her.

The bathroom door was right there. She could make it, she had to. Karina took a deep breath and pushed the door open, but she couldn’t keep it together for much longer. As she rushed to the nearest stall, she felt another leak, this one much stronger, soaking through her panties and leggings. She gasped, her hand desperately pressing against her crotch as she nearly tripped over herself.

She made it into the stall and slammed the door behind her, her breathes coming in frantic bursts. As she fumbled to lock it, another wave of pressure hit, and she crossed her legs once more, squeezing them together so tightly that her muscles screamed in protest. She was fighting every instinct to just release it, but it was no use. A final, involuntary leak escaped before she managed to pull down her leggings.

Her pee splattered on the toilet seat as she sat down, droplets landing on her sneakers and in her already damp panties. She let out a louder moan as the contents of her overstretched bladder released into the porcelain bowl below. She hadn't felt this much relief in ages.

As her panting slowed down, Karina sat there, frozen for a moment, her face flushed with embarrassment. She couldn’t believe how close she’d come to an accident. She took a shaky breath, trying to steady herself before finally finishing what she’d rushed in there to do.

Once she was done, she cleaned up quickly, her hands shaking slightly as she washed them. She couldn’t stop thinking about what had just happened. That was too close.

As Karina stepped out of the stall, she quickly adjusted her clothes, hoping no one had noticed. She took one last look in the mirror, mentally reminding herself to never let it get that bad again. With a sigh of relief, she took a deep breath, steadying her nerves before heading back to the practice room.

When she returned, Winter gave her a sharp look. "You good?"

Karina forced a smile, trying to act like nothing happened. "Yeah, all good. Let’s just finish up, okay?"

But inside, Karina was thinking one thing: Next time, I’m taking that bathroom break before the rehearsal even starts.

