The mission - Page 2

Author: kilianj74

*026*2021-07-17 17:51

So I have had a few more ideas to continue my story of Kyren and Jared. Hope those of you who enjoyed the first two parts will like this also!

PART 3

Kyren didn’t dare look down. How could he have let himself get into this position? He was terrified of heights, and he wasn’t athletic in the least. And now here he was, clinging to the rockface – completely unable to move.

He could feel his heart pounding, and the sweat pouring down the legs of his jogging bottoms. He hoped it was sweat, at any rate, and not more piss. He knew his underpants were at least a little bit damp, and his bladder screamed at him for release.

Fight or flight, that was what they called it. Fight because adrenaline pumped round his body, sweat poured off his face and he was alert to every sensation from the pain of his fingers clinging to the rough and prickly rock. Flight because he wanted to run away with every fibre of his being, and also because his bladder wanted to void, so his mind could concentrate on the “predator” without being distracted by worrying about being desperate for the loo, and also he would be lighter and more agile without the excess liquid. Except the “predator” was simply a hard wall of rock. Unless you counted those teenage jerks at the foot of the rock who had smirked when Jared and he had walked into the outdoor adventure centre and were preparing to climb the adjacent rock. Kyren hoped – prayed – that they weren’t looking at him now.

Freeze. That was a third option, wasn’t it, with fight or flight. Freeze to the spot. Don’t move a muscle. Do nothing, and blend into the background, so nothing could see you, and just hope like hell the entire world went away. That was the ostrich approach, burying its head in the sand. He didn’t have to go up. Or down. Or move at all. So long as he could just…

“Hold on Kyren. It’s alright, I’m here.” Jared’s voice was soothing, and in control, and for a second Kyren looked across at his beautiful stud of a boyfriend, his wavy brown hair, his deep voice. Kyren just wanted to grab hold of him, to fall into his arms. But he couldn’t, because his hands had to keep on holding the rockface, and Jared was tantalisingly, two feet out of reach to the left of him.

Kyren smiled at Jared’s big eyes, and his look of concern for Kyren. But then for some crazy reason, Kyren decided to avert his eyes. He looked down at his feet, and realised his feet were on a tiny ledge of rock, and that ledge of rock was a long, long way up, with the ground and the climbing instructors looking like tiny ants on the ground far, far away. What if he fell? What would happen? Would the rope support him? Was it tight enough? What if it broke?

“Hold on. You’re okay, Kyren.”

Kyren could hear Jared’s voice, but it seemed far, far, away, like an echo on a tuned down radio. His head grew hot, and he started to feel dizzy. He could tell his vision was blurring. And he couldn’t hold on. His legs were like jelly, his bladder muscles were in spasms, his cock seemed to twitch with desperation, the pee contained in him about to burst out, any second.

Kyren looked helplessly at Jared, utterly defeated.

“I’m so sorry Jared,” he whimpered. “I’m not as strong as you. I can’t hold on. I have to… I have to let go.”

Kyren looked across at Jared, and absorbed the perfect face and body of his boyfriend. The man who loved him, more than anyone. The man who was everything to him.

Kyren smiled.

Then he let go.

Several hours earlier…

*027*2021-08-02 18:47

Several hours earlier...

Kyren needed to pee. And the weird thing was, he was excited about it.

Maybe it was the excitement that was making him need to pee. After all, he couldn't imagine being in a more perfect situation. Despite the rain outside, it was not a particularly cold night in the tent, and his first sexual experience with Jared had certainly heated things up.

Watching Jared fulfil Kyren's biggest wet dream fantasy of the student president peeing his pants whilst dressed in a college hoodie had caused a sticky mess in Kyren's undies, and Jared had then posed for Kyren's fantasy "yearbook" photos. Jared had pulling down his jeans to expose the yellow wet patch on his white Armanis, and his rock hard bulge. Kyren had made him pose in different posiitions, looking embarrassed, shocked, or naughty and rebellious in turn. The best part was when Jared had lifted his hoodie and actually pulled up his briefs to show the extent of the wetness more clearly, and focused his flashlight on the area for some closeups. He was a very photogenic model. Kyren had insisted in Jared keeping on his college hoodie for all the photos, even after he had taken off his stained cream khakis, and eventually his boxer briefs entirely for certain photos that were for Kyren's eyes only.

Then Kyren had stripped to his cum stained boxers, and they dived into the lake for a wash and a dry off, which had become skinny dipping, and then "other things" by the restoked fire embers which all felt delightfully pagan to Kyren, and it hadn't taken him long for both of them to get hard and climax again. Finally they snuggled up together in Jared's double sleeping bag, Kyren now wearing his yellow Aussie bums and a Pokemon T Shirt and and Jared in a vest top and another pair of armani briefs, black this time.

Jared spooned Kyren, and after kissing him repeatedly had pulled him in so close to his body that Kyren felt entirely surrounded by Jared, their legs bundled together. The warmth of Jared's body and his breath on the back of his neck made Kyren feel so safe and warm that if it hadn't been for their antics earlier he would surely have been hard again. But Kyren had forgotten that shooting his load twice in a short period of time inevitably brought on an urgency to piss. He had ignored it at first, willing it to go away because he was so blissfully peaceful where he was. But it didn't go away, and instead of being a nuisance, he was feeling excited.

Part of him wanted to wet the bed, out of sheer naughtiness, and Jared would be wet too, which would be insanely hot. The thought of peeing on Jared's clothes, and pretending Jared was the bedwetter and teasing him about it, made Kyren feel like a giddy schoolboy. It would be wonderfully warm. But then it would probably be cold and smelly, and they only had the one sleeping bag, so not all that practical. He would have to hold it for a bit.

*028*2021-08-02 20:53

The rain started slowly, as a gentle patter on the side of the tent. But after a while it sounded as if someone was outside making rain noises by pouring lentils constantly onto a metal tray. Kyren chuckled to himself as he thought about the times as a kid he used to enjoy making sound effects in that way. Now, however, it seemed the downpour outside was deliberately to torture him into wetting his pants and bed. You had to see the funny side.

His bladder was bloated, and he felt like a large water balloon had been inflated in his pants and was about to burst. Jared's arm was wrapped tightly around his belly, which was wonderful, except for the fact that from Jared's regular breathing and slightly faint snores he was contentedly asleep. Kyren didn't want to disturb Jared or wake him up. But he suspected that pissing the bed would definitely wake Jared up. Or maybe it wouldn't. Maybe if Jared's hand was soaked in Kyren's warm piss it would cause him to piss the bed too, rather like the old trick of putting someone's hand in warm water to make them piss the bed.

Now that was an exciting idea. His inner schoolboy wanted to try that on Jared sometime to see if it really worked. He had always wanted as a teenager to try that on a friend, but had never had the boldness or opportunity. He suspected it was a myth and that the videos of people doing the trick online were faked, but for the sake of science he ought at least to try. If it was a fake, and those bedwetters in videos were doing it deliberately, then there were lots of people on the internet that secretly really wanted to pee their pants and only pretended to be angry, embarrassed or annoyed when their best friend put their hand in warm water. Now that was an exciting thought.

Kyren was pinned on his side, and he tried to manouvre himself onto his back, just in case that was a better holding position. As he shifted, some of the muscles in his crotch repositioned and he spasmed. A squirt of pee shot into his yellow Aussie bums, wetting the front. It ran over his balls, warming them, and between his crack, when Kyren became conscious that his Aussie bums didn't have much of a back to them. Any more of a leak and pee would just drip down into the sleeping bag, and he would be sitting in a damp patch before long.

Anxiously, Kyren clamped down and subtly moved his hand onto his crotch to hold himself. He twitched a few more times but at least no more pee was coming. Using his other hand he tried to move Jared's arm and wriggle out of his grasp without waking him. As he did this, Jared gripped Kyren more tightly as a reflex action. This was no good. He would have to be firm, or he would be soaking them both.

Although he hated to do it, firmly Kyren shoved Jared away and pulled himself out of his boyfriends grasp and out of the sleeping bag. He crawled over to the tent exit, but the rain was still lashing down on the walls of the tent. If he went outside he would look like a drowned animal in seconds. He would just wait a bit. Rainstorms usually didn't stay heavy for long, did they?

"Hey baby, is everything okay?"

Kyren was startled to hear Jared was awake and he jumped. It would be ironic if after all that Jared scared the piss out of him.

"Yeah I'm fine," Kyren lied. "I thought you were asleep."

"I was. And having a great dream about you being in my arms but then you pulled away and I started to panic so I woke up."

"Aw. So cute."

Jared snorted. "I'm allowed to be protective of you. Also I was dreaming about us going rock climbing."

"Rock climbing?"

The thought of climbing up a rock, or being up any kind of high place, made Kyren feel a bit sick to the stomach. He hadn't told Jared he was scared of heights - he didn't want to seem like a sissy. He didn't want to reinforce any kind of idea that he was a scared weak little boy who needed a tough jock to take care of him. That was probably overthinking it. Lots of strong, brave men were scared of heights. And even those that weren't were sometimes scared of spiders, which was something that didn't bother Kyren in the least. As far as Kyren was concerned, spiders were great creatures at keeping flies at bay.

"Yeah. I booked for us to go rock climbing tomorrow at the local activity centre. I really love it, and wanted to do more outdoor things with you. I hope you don't mind."

What the...!!

The thought of going rock climbing was horrifying. What if the rope broke? No, that was illogical. What if he looked down, and got scared, and froze? Or worse, what if he was sick on the rockface? This weekend away with Jared was paradise, but to Kyren, the thought of rock climbing was hell.

At the thought of being stuck on the side of a cliff face, Kyren felt a cold shiver pass through his whole body. He was suddenly light headed and clammy, and his groin felt really odd, almost like his cock was shrinking and his balls were receding in fright. The need to pee was now persistent and urgent, and Kyren knew if he let the slightest leak out he would pee. Which he wasn't going to do, not while inside.

"Babe, are you okay? You look like you just saw a ghost." Jared had the flashlight on, pointed in Kyren's direction.

"It's fine, I'm fine,". The blond haired younger boy was trying to convince himself as much as anything.

"Rock climbing sounds cool. I've not done it before, I'm a bit scared, but I'll give it a go." Kyren couldn't belive the words coming out of his mouth. For anyone else he would have flat out refused. But Jared had clearly organised this as a shared bonding activitity, and he didn't want to disappoint his boyfriend. After all, relationships were all about trying out new things, getting to know each other, pushing the boundaries.

"You don't look fine." Jared's voice was full of concern. "Are you feeling sick? Was it the food."

"No, I just really need a pee, and it is raining outside.

"Oh I see." Jared sounded excited. He said breathily. "My boyfriend needs to pee - sexy."

Kyren laughed. "Yeah, except you might not find it sexy if our entire tent reeks of my piss."

Jared said, "So, how do you want to do it?"

Kyren grinned. "That's the kind of question only someone with a fetish would ask." Then he said, "I'll have to pee outside, tempting as it is to want to just pee into a spare towel and chuck it out in the rain. I'm just waiting for the rain to ease..."

FLASH!

The tent suddenly was light for a momentary second. Kyren counted 1...2.

BOOM!

Kyren screamed. "Crap! I hate thunder."

His aussie bums felt warmer.

"Jared I think I peed a bit."

Jared was out of his sleeping bag and had his arms round Kyren in seconds. The soft, comforting embrace was exactly what he needed, and Kyren relaxed his shoulders.

"Sorry. You must think me a real baby being scared of thunder."

Jared kissed him. "You're my baby. But everyone is pretty much scared of thunder and lightning in a tent. It's not like being in a house. You shouldn't worry though. It's not like these tents have large metal poles, they are fibreglass and very low to the ground. And I set this tent up properly, so it won't blow down."

Kyren felt a bit calmer, but it didn't solve the problem. "I'm about to wet my pants though. I don't want to leave the tent on my own, or go far in the thunderstorm."

"Then wet your pants. I don't mind."

Kyren sighed. "I know but I don't want to make a puddle in here. Can you come outside with me, just for a second?"

Jared nodded. "Sure. Why don't you take of your T -shirt? Skin is pretty waterproof, and you'll dry off quicker that way."

"Okay."

Before he could take his T-shirt off, Jared had it off him, and his own T-shirt. Now both of them were just wearing their underwear. Kyren threw on a raincoat, but didn't bother to do it up, and Jared was already unzipping the tent. As he did, Kyren saw that the rain was coming down in sheets. and was in danger of coming into the tent if they didn't move fast. Jared had already dived out of the entrance, and Kyren followed.

Both boys raced to the nearest tree, which provided a small amount of shelter, but the wet rain was still getting through. In seconds Kyren's chest, legs and feet were wet, and his yellow Aussie briefs were getting damper not with piss but rain. Clearly nature wanted to wet Kyren's pants for him, whether he wanted to or not.

F**k it, he thought, and pushed out hard, letting all the warm piss force itself out into his boxers. Another burst of lightnighting, another thunderclash, and he shuddered, but carried on peeing. Jared clasped his hand firmly.

"That's it. That's damn sexy. Keep doing that."

Kyren peed with all his might into his yellow Aussie Bums, and it ran down his legs, mingling with the rainwater at his feet. It felt so natural, so perfectly animal, that he didn't feel like a freak at all. Finally his bladder was empty.

"Better?" asked Jared.

"Much better." Kyren pulled off his wet underwear, and hung it on a tree branch, to deal with in the morning. Jared smiled, and pulled his boxers off and hung them next to him. Then Kyren brushed his legs with rainwater to get the pee off, and they both danced aroud in the storm like mad things. With each thundercrap they laughed uproariously, and for that moment being scared of the storm was the farthest thing from Kyren's mind.

