Kinky KiraBoss (Jojo's)

Author: KiraFan

*000*2022-06-05 19:10

This has way more sexual frustration/desperation than I originally intended lol. This is a very horny fic.

"Yes, Yoshikage...I want you to indulge yourself to the fullest. I want you to enjoy this. I wish to show you experiences that you would have never guessed you would derive pleasure from." The words flowed from Diavolos lips like a soothing stream, peaking the blonde's curiosity.

"You intend to arouse me? A man?" he scoffed and smiled, "I've never once in my life been aroused by a male, nevermind by any of his unusual fetishes, " he threw himself onto his bed, "You interest me. I'm not sure what motive you carry, but my curiosity gets the better of me. Let's see what you've got for me." Kira locked eyes on the man's hands as they began undoing his shirt, teasing the skin underneath, "May I ask a question?"

"It depends..."

"How do you know so much about me?"

"Yoshikage...you reek of arousal. How could I not follow such an enticing scent? I am alone in this world, Yoshikage. I have not a single companion. I will fail to obtain pleasure if I don't seek it out."

"Ah..." Kira's face flushes, feelings of vulnerability washing over him "Is it...Is it really so obvious?"

"No, no...Not to the average passerby. Now, ease your fretful mind," Diavolo ran his palm along the side of Kira's face, "I took great care of my hands for you, Yoshikage '' they would delight to feel the caress of your tongue. Now clean my paws, you dirty cat~" He heard Kira's breath hitch nervously. The man below him hesitated, then parted his lips ever so slightly.

"You...somehow, your hands, " his voice trembled, eyes half closed, "They're so...p-perfect, " he shuddered and grasped Diavolos hand before lapping at it with unorthodox lust. It wasn't long before he had the fingers crammed into his mouth to the knuckles, drool trailing down his chin.

"Dirty, cat...Slurping and moaning with no shame? Just a moment ago, you were doubting that a man could possess the ability to arouse you. If only you could see yourself now...Is there ever a moment that you aren't a horny little bastard? Diavolo laughed," In fact...You're always looking to get yourself off, aren't you? You've based your whole lifestyle around it. Every single kill...every life you've taken...it was for that needy little prick of yours'' he spat those last words harshly, "how endearing~"

“Fuck off.” Kira panted, freeing himself from his pants and boxers. Diavolo grabbed him by the wrists and pinned him, “Ugh…you…What is this? What are you doing to me?” fear clouded his eyes.

“Relax. I just don’t want you touching it yet. Don’t make me tie you up, now.”

“Your name…I never got your name…” Kira gulped. Pink hair formed a curtain around his face as hot breath drew closer.

“Call me Boss,” his chin was grasped, and before he knew it, he was kissing the man he’d just met. Suddenly, a pressure made itself known just above his beltline. Diavolos hand was resting over his bladder. It was only now that he realized his need for a restroom. His lips still locked to the other, he groaned and thrashed his head. The man on top of him pulled back, “What is it now, little kitty?”

“I could kill you at any moment, you know…” He glared.

“Yet you haven’t done so…I wonder why that is~”

“Grrr…Forget it! You know what you’re doing. Cut it out.” Kira grit his teeth, glaring at Diavolo.

“Why now? We’re just getting started. I’ve been wanting to show you this for a long time, Yoshikage…Don’t tell me you’ve changed your mind…”

“You want…Y-you want to toy with my bladder? Is that really what gets you going?” a spike of pressure vanquished Kiras glare, replacing it with a whiney moan. He bit his lip and turned his head, flustered. Why did it feel so good when his bladder was tortured like that?

“Why not? It seems like you’re enjoying it!” Diavolo pushed Kiras bladder and kept the pressure held down, making the blonde squirm and moan dramatically.

“Please, let me use my hands, B-boss! My body c-can’t do it alone!” Kira gripped the sheets.

“Wow~ how obedient! I didn’t even have to ask you to beg! Go ahead kitty~” Diavolo grinned. Kira gripped his cock with haste, squeezing to block the flow. Diavolos' hand only pressed harder, eliciting a yelp from him. Kira began to tremble, tears pooling in his eyes.

“Boss…P-please have mercy…it feels so good, but it’s starting to hurt. I really really need to go…” his voice wavered heavily as he was on the brink of losing control, his body quaking with effort to hold it alone.

“Look at you…so delicate…so afraid…You don’t even know if you’ll be able to hold it anymore with each passing moment. With every new second, you half expect to burst. Am I correct?”

“Urk- Y-yes Boss!” Kira strained, then gasped as the pressure eased. He took a moment to catch his breath, no longer hurting quite as much. Diavolos' hand had lifted from his sensitive bladder bulge. He could no longer resist the urge to pump his throbbing manhood and he did just so with feverishness, not afraid to moan. He was utterly lost in pleasure. Diavolo sloppily kissed Kira's head, prodding at the pisshole with his tongue. Kira suddenly let out a particularly pitchy moan before Diavolo felt his mouth filling with liquid. He nearly choked trying to swallow it all. When Kira was finally emptied and his breathing had steadied, Diavolo kissed him once more, transferring the taste.

“See…I did all of this for you. Now you owe me, Yoshikage…Please…I beg of you,” Diavolos' demeanor changed completely. He clung to Kira's face with pleading eyes, “I…I haven’t had a proper orgasm in ages, Yoshikage, “His voice shook as if he were about to cry, “I can’t take it anymore…Please…help me…”

“Hmph…and you teased me for being horny?” Kira could only smile.

*001*2022-06-05 21:19

Not me projecting my sexual frustration-

