Holding Back - An Owl House Desperation Story

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2023-10-24 12:47

A\N: Sorry I went missing for a bit. The last two weeks hit me harder than I expected. On the bright side, I had enough time to solidify my story ideas. I still plan to do the 5 stories, just don't be surprised if Owltober leaks (hehe) into Owlvember.

###

Willow wiped the sweat off her forehead and took a deep breath. The weather was cooling off, but her hard work in the garden kept her warm.

The flowers in the Human Realm were so stranger to her. They were so much less reactive, dangerous, and carnivorous. They were so much less… alive than the plants she was used to. Still, working with them gave her some sense of normalcy while trapped in the Human Realm.

Willow leaned back to look over her work. She absent-mindedly reached for the water bottle next to her. She tilted the bottle back and was met with nothing but air. The witch looked at the empty bottle. It had been full just a moment ago.

Willow looked up. The sky had already shifted into the dull orange and purple of sunset.

She stood up, removed her gardening gloves, and dusted off her pants. She gathered up her tools and headed back into the Nocedas’ house.

After putting her things away, Willow went to the kitchen to refill her water bottle. No one was in there, which was a little unusual.

As Willow swallowed the first few mouthfuls of cool, refreshing water, a chill ran through her. At that moment, the witchling realized she had been working in the garden all afternoon without so much as a bathroom break.

Willow finished off her drink and set the bottle on the counter. Just as she was about to head upstairs to the bathroom, Gus ran around the corner.

“Willow, have you seen Hunter?” He asked.

“No, I was in the garden all day. Why?”

“He’s been gone all day. No one knows where he went.”

“So? Is that really that unusual?”

“He just left without saying anything earlier. He’s been acting a little weird lately, and he’s usually back by now.”

“Have you talked to anyone else?”

“Yeah. Luz and her mom left to get dinner, but I already asked everyone else. They don’t know where he went, either.”

This sounded serious. Willow immediately forgot all about the bathroom. It was very unlikely that Hunter was in serious danger, but she just couldn’t shake the feeling.

“Ok.” Willow said, “Let’s get everyone together and look for him.”

The four Boiling Isles natives met in the living room and coordinated on a plan.

“Then it’s settled.” Amity said, “I’ll check the Historical Society, Willow, you check the library, and Gus, you look around the mall.”

“And I’ll stay here in case he comes back.” Vee added.

“So what do we do once we find him?” Willow asked. Their scrolls didn’t work in this world.

“One of you could take my cell phone.” Vee offered. “I can call from the home phone if he shows up.”

“I can send a message with my illusion magic.” Gus added.

Willow thought for a second. “I guess I could send Clover to find you guys. She shouldn’t be too noticeable as long as she flies high enough.” The bee palisman landed on Willow’s shoulder and nodded. She was much bigger than any bee in the human world, but could easily be mistaken for a bird in the darkness of night.

“Sounds like a plan.” Amity nodded.

Vee handed Amity her cell phone and Willow packed Clover in her camera bag, then the group split up to head into town.

As Willow walked alone to the library, she had some time to think and calm herself down. As her nerves settled, she realized she still hadn’t gone to the bathroom. Even worse, that extra bottle she drank after finishing her work was beginning to catch up to her.

Willow shivered, but not from the cold. She rubbed her stomach nervously.

“It’s fine.” She told herself, “It’s not that bad. You can hold it.”

She took a deep, calming breath.

“Worst case scenario, there’s a bathroom at the library. If it gets too bad, you can go there.”

Soon enough, Willow arrived at the library. Immediately upon walking in the door, she was greeted by the young woman behind the desk.

“Hey. Sorry, but we’re about to close for the night. If you’re looking for a book, you’ll have to come back tomorrow.”

“Oh, that’s ok.” Willow said, “I’m actually looking for my friend. I thought he might be here.”

The librarian thought for a second.

“About this tall? Messy blonde hair? Looks like he hasn’t slept in two weeks?” She asked.

“Yeah, that’s him!”

“He’s back in the archives.” The librarian pointed to a sign on the wall. “I was just about to head back there and tell him to leave.”

“Great! I can go get him and we’ll get out of your way.”

Willow followed the signs to the archives. On her way back, she saw the tempting sign of the restroom doors. She considered going in.

“No, no. Hunter first, then you can pee.” She muttered to herself.

In the back, she found Hunter sitting at a table with a stack of old books. He was so engrossed that he didn’t even move when Willow walked in.

“Hunter?” She said, gently grabbing his shoulder.

Hunter jumped to his feet and yelped. Willow squeezed her legs together so her control didn’t slip from the sudden shock.

“Shh.” Willow shushed him, playfully. “Quiet in the library.” She giggled.

“Oh… Willow.” Hunter said, catching his breath. “What are you doing here?”

“I was looking for you. It’s getting late and people are getting worried.”

Hunter looked at the clock on the wall.

“Oh.” He said, rubbing his eyes. “Sorry, I guess I just… got caught up in my research.”

Willow looked at the books on the table. One of them had a drawing of someone with pointed ears being set on fire.

“Are you alright?” She asked.

Hunter slammed the book shut. “Yeah. I’m just… looking for any information I could find on Belos…”

“Ok…” Willow said, raising an eyebrow. “Well, we should clean this up and head out before we get in trouble.”

“Right…” Hunter sounded distracted.

While they were sorting the books and putting them away, Willow tried to talk a little more to Hunter.

“You know, if there’s something wrong, you can talk to us.”

“I know.” He said, his voice grim, “But I’m fine.”

“It’s really not good to hold things in. The longer you wait, the worse it’ll feel. And, eventually, it might find a way to come out, whether you want it to or not.”

Hunter didn’t answer.

“Besides, it’ll feel good to let it out.” She continued. Willow unconsciously rubbed her thighs together. “As tough as it might seem, you’ll feel a lot of relief from letting it go.”

“I said I’m fine.” Hunter said, roughly shoving the last book onto the shelf.

“Alright.” Willow relented, “Then let’s get home.”

“Right.”

As they began to leave the library, Willow saw the librarian locking the bathroom door.

Willow groaned. She rubbed her stomach nervously, trying to calm the raging tides inside her.

She briefly considered asking to unlock the bathroom so she could go, but they were already staying past closing time, she didn’t want to be even more of an inconvenience.

Outside the library, Willow opened her bag to let Clover crawl out.

“First, we need to let everyone else know I found you.” She explained.

“Wait, you all went out looking for me.” Hunter asked. He rubbed the back of his head. “Sorry to make you all worry so much.”

“It’s fine.” Willow playfully punched his arm. “Just let us know where you’re going next time, ok?”

“A-alright…”

Willow rubbed Clover’s head as the palisman crawled onto her shoulder.

“Go find Gus. He can let Amity know, then she can call Vee. We’ll wait for you here, alright?”

The palisman nodded, then flew off.

As soon as she was out of sight, Willow began to shift nervously. She needed to wait for Clover to get back, but she also really needed to pee.

She looked around the area and noticed a building in the park across the way.

“Hey… Hunter?” She asked. “Do you mind if we stop by the bathroom in the park while we’re waiting?”

Hunter nodded, absentmindedly, “Yeah, that’s fine.”

The two crossed the darkened park and approached the small brick building. Willow ducked around the corner where the inviting sign of the girls’ bathroom sat, waiting.

She pulled on the door and… nothing.

She tried pushing the door. Still nothing.

Willow tried pulling harder. Nothing yet again.

She examined the door and saw the padlock holding it closed.

“Come on! Really?” She muttered. Willow squeezed her thighs together and stomped in frustration.

She bounced a few times and collected herself before stepping back out into the park.

“That was fast.” Hunter said.

“The door’s locked.”

“Oh…” Hunter looked around, awkwardly, “Do we need to look for somewhere else? I think there’s a café across the street.”

Willow shook her head. “That place only lets you in if you pay. I don’t have any money on me. Do you?”

“No.”

“It’s ok. I’ll just… wait…” Willow’s confidence drained with each word.

She looked around the park. The thick bushes and trees looked really inviting. However, the area was a little too open for Willow to be comfortable making a pit stop.

Willow slowly bounced from one foot to the other as the two waited in silence for Clover to come back.

On the one hand, Willow really wished Hunter would say something to distract her from the throbbing pain in her abdomen. On the other hand, she wasn’t sure she could afford to take too much attention away from keeping the floodgates closed.

After a few more minutes, a dark shape flew toward them from the sky.

Clover hovered in Willow’s face.

“Did you find him?” She asked.

The palisman gave an affirmative buzz.

“They know to meet us at home, right?”

Clover nodded.

“Good job.” Willow rubbed Clover’s chin. “Now, let’s head back.”

Clover looked the witch over and gave a questioning buzz.

“Yes, I’m fine. It’ll be ok.” She said, blushing.

Willow ushered her palisman back into the bag.

Just as Willow looked ahead, she heard a sudden sound. The sprinklers in the park turned on. She quivered as the jets of water shot up into the air and sprayed all over the grass.

The sight was enough to force a powerful wave to assault her defenses, threatening to break free. Willow shoved a hand between her legs and gave a squeeze.

She managed to weather the storm for now, but that was a strong warning.

Willow nervously looked at Hunter. He didn’t seem to notice.

“Alright, let’s get home.” She said.

Hunter nodded.

The pair began to walk toward the Nocedas’ house. With each step, Willow fell further behind Hunter. She shuffled along the sidewalk, taking small, careful steps. Her hands fidgeted with the bottom of her shirt, trying to keep from grabbing between her legs in public.

They managed to make it about two blocks before things took a turn for the worst.

Willow stopped in her tracks as her bladder contracted again. She leaned forward and shoved a hand between her legs, but she was too slow to stop a leak from coming out.

Willow could feel the dampness soak into her underwear. Her urethra tingled as the small, temporary relief tempted her to let the rest out.

“Hunter…” She called out, her voice shaking.

“Yeah?” He stopped in place.

“I don’t think I’m going to make it.”

Hunter turned around, “Maybe if we go to the café and explain it’s an emergency-”

“No!” Willow cut him off, “I mean, I don’t think I can make it another step!”

“Uh…” Hunter froze.

Willow quickly glanced around. There was a gap between two buildings just ahead of them.

“Do you think you can stand guard while I duck into that alley?”

“What? No! We can’t do that. What if we get caught? I’m pretty sure that’s illegal here.”

“Please! I really need to go!” Willow begged. Her entire face was beet red, both from embarrassment and the strain of keeping her pee under control.

Hunter looked her in the eyes. His face softened.

“You’ve been holding in a lot, haven’t you?” He asked.

Willow quietly nodded. She wiggled in place, trying to keep up the fight a little longer.

“Just… make it quick, alright?” He relented.

“Thank you!” Willow shouted, already rushing into the alley.

The alleyway was dark. There was a dumpster and a few garbage cans about halfway down. Willow decided this was the perfect spot to hide. She just needed to make it that far…

The witchling felt like she was about to explode. With every step, she could feel the full contents of her bladder bouncing against her fatigued flood gates.

She awkwardly stumbled forward, only really able to waddle forward as she kept her thighs clenched tightly together, using all the strength she had left to keep from flooding her pants. Even all this couldn’t stop a few more drops from escaping before she could make it to safety.

Willow unbuttoned her pants and lowered the zipper while she charged forward. This took a little pressure off her bladder, but it was hollow comfort as the extra space was quickly filled.

The alley seemed to stretch on forever. Willow could feel herself sweating. It felt like she was running a marathon.

Finally, her struggle was rewarded. Willow made it to the other side of the dumpster. She quickly turned to face the wall and spread her feet apart.

Willow frantically looked around to make sure she was alone, not that it would matter. She was going to pee any second now, the only choice was whether it was in her pants or on the ground.

Thankfully, the coast was clear.

Willow spread her thighs and yanked her pants and underwear down to her knees.

It seemed she relaxed a little too early as an errant stream shot directly into her panties.

Ignoring this, Willow dropped into a squat so quickly her butt almost bounced off the ground. She had to grab the dumpster to keep from falling.

A small trickle began to splatter onto the ground while Willow was still trying to steady herself.

The witch managed to right herself and get into position. She pulled her pants and underwear out of the way. At last, she was ready.

With one last push, the dam burst.

A piercing hiss bounced off the walls of the alley followed by a loud, pounding splatter.

The pent up fluids blasted out of the young witch and split into several streams, splashing onto the wall, the ground, and her shoes.

With another push, the flow picked up strength and resolved into a single, powerful arc, assaulting the wall in front of her.

Within a few seconds, the pounding and hissing were joined by a third sound: a tinkling splash as wayward droplets collected into a puddle beneath the witch.

Willow groaned and her body trembled. Her body ached from the intense effort of restraining this massive downpour. Finally, she was able to relax.

The witchling shivered. Goosebumps covered her body. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back. She felt a moan well up deep in her chest.

“Mmmhhh~” She grunted, keeping her mouth shut to restrain the sound.

She leaned back and sighed. All she could hear was her pee covering the ground of this human world. All she could feel was relief. For a few moments, nothing else mattered. She let herself get washed away in the tide of urinary bliss.

But, all good things must come to an end.

After nearly a minute, the splattering stopped as Willow’s spray lost power and began landing closer to her body. It was replaced by a gentle trickling that gradually lost steam until it was nothing but intermittent drips.

Willow forced out another small stream followed by a few more drips before she was satisfied that she was completely empty.

She let out a contented sigh and rolled her head forward.

Willow opened her eyes and looked around.

She felt a mixture of pride and embarrassment as she observed her handiwork. There was a dark spot on the wall, just above the ground, that ran down into a puddle wider than her shoulders. This puddle split off into several streaks, one of which almost reached the other wall across the alley.

Willow pulled some tissues out of her bag and wiped herself off. She took out a few more and tried to clean off her underwear, which was totally drenched in the crotch. Unfortunately, she could only do so much for that.

Willow stood up, her legs burning from staying crouched for so long. Her lower abdomen still ached from being overworked.

She stumbled a little as she tried to step around her puddle. Willow pulled up her pants and tossed the used tissues in the dumpster.

Looking down, Willow noticed a small stain on her pants. She slid her jacket off and tied it around her waist.

“Everything alright?” Hunter asked as Willow emerged from the alley.

“Much better now. Thanks for waiting for me.”

“No problem.”

“See what I mean about holding things in too long?” Willow joked, awkwardly.

Hunter paused for a second before chuckling quietly.

“Now, let’s get home.” Willow said, “I could really use a shower.”

*002*2023-10-24 16:57

{{49 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Is one of these owl house Stories going to be about eda needing to pee

}}

Presently, that is one of the planned stories. I'll have to review the parts of the story I'm basing it on to fully flesh out the story.

*007*2023-10-25 06:48

{{2 hours ago, Golden Guard said:

Lol, I see what you did there

Oh gosh, the irony, I love this monologue from Willow. Genius level writing!

Excellent story as always Kid_Omo, thanks for the amazing story!

}}

Thanks. I had fun coming up with that one. Glad you liked it.

