Kate's Urgent Job Interview

Author: Kayn

*000*2020-09-20 01:07

This is my first attempt at omorashi writing, something I’ve been working on for a while now. It’s a pretty common/cliché scenario, but it’s one of my favorites, and I really enjoyed writing it.

It’s pretty lengthy since I like to get detailed when I write, something I always tend to do lol.

Anyway, I hope you enjoy.

Kate’s Urgent Job Interview

Iced coffee in hand, Kate exited the Starbucks building and entered her car in the parking lot. Given the importance of the day and the considerable summer heat, she figured it was the perfect drink: the ice to cool her down and the caffeine to keep her alert for what lay ahead in the coming hours.

Today was the big day Kate had been waiting for for four years now. After she graduated from college at 23, she had begun her career as a financial analyst at her local bank. It was a great job, and she enjoyed it, but she was an ambitious woman, always wanting more. And so, eager to show her bosses that she had what it took to join them in the upper ranks, she had worked long and hard hours every day. It wasn’t long before her higher-ups took note of her natural charisma, talent, and dedication, so when the time came for the current branch manager — Kate’s boss, Melanie — to retire, they had called Kate to offer her an interview for the position, which she had eagerly accepted. It was her first promotion, and a big step-up, a step that she had every intention of taking. However, that all depended on today’s interview, so understandably she was quite nervous.

Back in the car, she set the drink in the cupholder, started the car, and glanced at the clock on the display, which read 9:30AM. Perfect, she thought, relieved. She had been worried that the long line at the coffee shop would have made her late, but she still had plenty of time to reach her destination. Backing out of the parking lot, Kate pulled out onto the main road and resumed her journey, causing the GPS to pipe up again. She had the route memorized, having visited the interview location the previous day, but she didn’t want to risk making a wrong turn and being late, so she had let the GPS run.

She sipped away at her cold drink as she slowed to a halt at a red light, her mind wandering rapidly. She had spent hours practicing for this meeting and ran through all the possible questions and the answers she had prepared to soothe her nerves. The drink helped to calm her stomach as well; it was the perfect amount of sweetness at just the right temperature, so she gulped away as she drove on.

Her worries about traffic problems had fortunately been unwarranted, and within ten minutes, she had arrived at the interview site, fifteen minutes early for her 10 o’clock appointment. Having parked the car, she turned off the engine and steeled herself for what lay ahead; taking a few deep breaths to calm her growing nerves, she muttered a few words of encouragement to herself before grabbing her files, handbag, and her now empty coffee cup and stepping out.

“Alright, here we go. You got this, Kate.” Locking the car, she walked towards the building entrance, throwing out her coffee cup in the trashcan nearby. She was able to see her reflection on the glass doors as she walked closer: an attractive 27-year-old woman wearing a short-sleeved white blouse tucked into her tight black bootcut business pants, which hugged her legs all the way down to her tall black high heels. Wow, I look pretty good, Kate thought, and suddenly felt her confidence rising. With a little smile on her face, she tucked her black hair behind her ears and headed inside the building.

She was immediately grateful for the A/C in the lobby within; it was a welcome relief from the outside heat, and she wouldn’t have to worry about going to the interview drenched in sweat. The lobby was empty save for the young receptionist sitting behind the counter — it was a Saturday after all. Kate walked towards her, her heels clicking on the white tiles.

The receptionist looked up from her computer at the sound and smiled at Kate. “Hello!” she said cheerily. “How can I help you?”

“Hi. I’m here for my interview with Mrs. Larson,” replied Kate, coming to a halt in front of the counter.

“Oh yes, of course. You must be Kate,” she said, to which Kate nodded affirmative. “Great! I’m Rebecca, by the way. Mrs. Larson will be with you in about fifteen minutes. You can wait out here in the meantime.” Rebecca gestured to the chairs lining the wall to the right. “There’s also water over there if you would like.” She pointed to several water bottles sitting on a table.

“Great, thanks Rebecca.” Kate gave her a quick smile and went to sit by the chairs. Grabbing one of the water bottles, she opened it and took some sips — she was thirsty despite the large iced coffee she’d just had. Wanting to keep her mind off her nervousness, she went through all her files to make sure everything was there and in order. Upon checking everything, she closed her eyes and once again rehearsed all the talking points she had practiced beforehand. By this point, she had rehearsed it so many times she could’ve recited it in her sleep, but it still helped to keep her nerves in control. She also found herself continuously sipping the water, mainly because it gave her hands something to do; plus, she figured it would be a good idea to stay hydrated, considering the day’s intense heat.

As she waited, she took in the details of the lobby in which she sat. It was a very modern building, with large windows by the entrance letting in the sunlight from outside, making the polished white tiles shine brightly. A set of comfortable-looking couches were placed on her left underneath the windows, facing a small table in the middle. On her right, behind Rebecca’s counter was a large fish tank, with all sorts of colorful fish swimming about within. She admired it for a while, watching the fish navigate through the water, then glanced at Rebecca, who was typing away on her keyboard.

She was quite attractive, wearing a tight red business dress, her curly brown hair flowing down a little past her shoulders. Noticing Kate’s gaze, Rebecca flashed her a quick smile. “Sorry for the wait. Mrs. Larson just texted me saying she’ll come down here in a couple minutes.” Kate nodded and glanced at the clock, which read 9:55. Just five more minutes. Kate thought about Mrs. Larson. She had looked her up before coming — at 37 years of age, she was an important and high-ranking figure at this bank, which made Kate even more nervous. It was important she made the best impression possible, and for that this interview needed to be perfect.

Kate drank the last few sips from her water bottle and was about to get up to throw it out when she heard footsteps coming from the hallway to the right, and suddenly a blonde woman walked into the lobby. She looked very professional, wearing a black business suit with a tight black skirt and high heels. Even though Kate had never seen her before, she knew instantly that she was Mrs. Larson. Sure enough, the woman immediately saw Kate and walked towards her. “Hi, you must be Kate. I’m Jennifer Larson, I’ll be conducting your interview today, although I’m sure you already knew that.” Mrs. Larson extended her hand. Quickly getting up from her chair, Kate shook her hand and smiled brightly. “Yes, hello, Mrs. Larson, I’ve been looking forward to meeting you!”

“The pleasure is mine. I’ve heard great things about you from Melanie; she says you’re one of the best workers she’s ever had!” Kate blushed at the compliment. Mrs. Larson gestured to the hallway. “Shall we? My office is this way.”

“Of course.” Kate picked up her belongings and followed Jennifer Larson down the hallway out of the lobby.

“You know, Melanie personally recommended you for her position before she retired,” Mrs. Larson continued as they walked. “If what she said about you was right, I think you would make an excellent branch manager.”

“Thank you, I sure hope so!” Kate replied, delighted that Mrs. Larson already had a good impression of her. She had to remember to thank her boss Melanie after this was all done.

“Well, now is your time to prove that,” Mrs. Larson said. They navigated through a few hallways and turns, until they reached an office at the far end of the building. “After you.” Mrs. Larson held the door open and gestured into the empty office. It was a very nice office, medium-sized, with the same white tiles from the lobby. On the back wall was a large glass window looking out to the back-parking lot, and sitting next to the left wall was Mrs. Larson’s desk, upon which lay several documents, a couple framed pictures, and her computer.

“Please, take a seat,” Mrs. Larson said, closing the door behind her. “Let’s get right into it, shall we?”

Kate seated herself behind the desk and set her documents on the table, while Mrs. Larson sat opposite her and began typing on her computer. “Alright, let me just get myself ready… ah yes, here we go. Ready to begin?” Mrs. Larson inquired. “Yes ma’am,” was Kate’s reply.

“Excellent. Now, as I’m sure you know, we’ve got quite a bit of things to discuss, so this will take about two to three hours.” Kate nodded. “Alright then. Oh, would you like some water before we start?” Mrs. Larson pointed out the water dispenser behind her.

“Yes, that’d be great,” Kate answered, nodding. Mrs. Larson filled up two large glasses full of water and handed one to Kate, who took a couple sips before setting it down. She was starting to get nervous again, but the cool water was soothing to drink.

Her nerves must’ve showed on her face because Mrs. Larson laced her fingers together and looked at her, giving her a warm smile. “Now, no need to be nervous, this is just a friendly meeting between two people, okay? I just want to get to know you better.” Kate nodded, taking a deep breath. “Alright, let’s begin. Let’s start simple: why do you want this position?”

Kate had been prepared for this question, and after all those previous mental rehearsals, the words came to her mouth almost automatically. “Well, I’ve been working at this company for four years, ever since I graduated college, and I’ve been working really hard to stand out and…” The words began spilling out of her mouth, a little slow and choppy at first, but becoming smoother and more natural as she spoke. Although she had spent hours planning her answers beforehand, she did her best to make her response sound genuine and not rehearsed or robotic. As she spoke, Mrs. Larson nodded along and began taking notes on her computer.

And so the interview carried on, Mrs. Larson asking her questions, and Kate answering them, followed by Mrs. Larson’s notetaking. Her nerves soon began to settle, and Kate grew more confident in her responses. In between each question, she would take a large sip of her water, almost involuntarily; it helped her keep her throat from drying out, and provided her a pause to gather her thoughts. Before she knew it, she had completely emptied the glass, and it had hardly been fifteen minutes.

“Wow, you drank that fast,” Mrs. Larson mentioned, glancing at the empty glass. “Thirsty today, huh?”

“Little bit, yeah,” Kate agreed. “I think it’s the heat.”

“I know, can you believe this weather? These summers are becoming unbearable. Here, let me refill that for you.” Kate handed her the glass and Mrs. Larson held it under the tap and pressed the nozzle, causing the water to gush out and splash noisily into the glass. It was then that Kate suddenly felt a twinge in her bladder, and she realized that she had completely forgotten to use the bathroom before the interview. In fact, the last time she had gone was back home this morning before she had left her house a couple hours earlier. She suddenly remembered the iced coffee and all the water she had drunk before. It’s fine, she thought. It’s not that bad anyway, I’ll get through fine. The signals from her bladder were weak, and she hardly felt it, so without much more thought on the matter, she put it out of her mind.

“Here you go.” Mrs. Larson handed her the refilled glass of water. “Alright, now, let’s see… why do you think you would make a good branch manager?”

Kate cleared her throat. “Well, I have many leadership qualities that are necessary for holding a position like this. I also have lots of experience having managed large groups of people and organizing events back when I was in college.” She proceeded to list out the many student organizations that she had been part of, and even a couple she had founded herself. Mrs. Larson nodded with approval, much to Kate’s happiness, and jotted down her notes. Kate was really starting to become engaged in the conversation, and found herself talking with newfound enthusiasm, encouraged by Mrs. Larson’s positive reactions.

She took another sip of water, although now she was trying to limit her water intake, so that Mrs. Larson wouldn’t have to fill her glass for a third time. On the other hand, the signals from her bladder were becoming more frequent now, and she didn’t want to put even more liquid in her body, knowing it would be over two hours before she would have access to a restroom.

She found herself looking at the framed pictures on the desk. One was a picture of a young girl, probably around eight years old, and the other was the same girl standing with a slightly younger looking Mrs. Larson and another man. “My husband and daughter, Mia,” Mrs. Larson said, noticing Kate looking at the pictures. “She actually just turned nine last week.”

“She’s very pretty,” Kate said, smiling at the photo. She could see the resemblance between mother and daughter, both having the same blue eyes and blonde hair.

“Yes, and she’s a total handful, too,” Mrs. Larson said, chuckling. “So much energy, always bouncing around. Drives me crazy sometimes.” Kate gave another smile in response. This is good, she thought. Connecting with her personally is definitely a good sign. She was starting to feel pretty good about this meeting.

Over the next half hour, the interview continued normally, nothing much out of the ordinary, and it seemed that everything was going great. There was, however, one small problem: her bladder had filled alarmingly fast throughout this time, and suddenly it had become quite distracting. It certainly wasn’t ideal, but Kate was strong-willed, and she prided herself in her ability to focus even through the most annoying distractions. Besides, she had often worked long hours without bathroom breaks before, so she didn’t feel too worried. She shoved the issue out of her mind once more and shifted her focus back to the interview.

“Very good, Kate,” Mrs. Larson said some time later after Kate had finished answering another question with flawless diction. “I’m starting to see Melanie’s claims about you are true.” As she finished typing on her computer, she reached for her own glass of water and took some sips. The sight of this caused yet another reaction from Kate’s now rapidly-filling bladder, and this time, Kate found herself having to cross her legs to ease the pressure. This is worse than I thought, Kate thought nervously. She was suddenly starting to regret all those liquids she had drank before. The glass of water in front of her was half empty, but she had left it untouched for the past fifteen minutes. Drinking anymore would definitely not be a good idea.

“Now, what are your thoughts on your ability to manage conflicts? Or more specifically, how would you go about resolving disputes among your team members or colleagues?” Mrs. Larson’s questions snapped Kate back to reality, forcing her to put the issue of her filling-bladder to the back of her mind. She was finding it harder to concentrate now and found herself having to pause a moment to recollect her thoughts before answering. Fortunately, those hours of practice once again came in handy, and allowed her to answer confidently. She managed to regain her concentration, but unfortunately found that she could no longer put the distraction of her urinary urge out of her mind, as it was quickly increasing in urgency. Still, she tried not to worry too much about it, feeling confident that it would not be a major issue.

An hour and a half into the interview, however, Kate was alarmed to find that her need had grown significantly worse, and she found herself constantly bouncing her right leg under the table to manage the distraction of her now uncomfortably full bladder. The pressure was bad and rapidly getting worse, and the stinging sensation between her thighs was far worse than just a distraction by now. The blasting A/C was not helping either. She was used to going long periods of time without a bathroom, and she knew she had a larger bladder than most, but she had not anticipated it to fill at such a rapid rate. It must have been the interview nerves, she deduced. Why did I drink all that water? she thought, annoyed at herself for having overlooked such a silly thing. She realized too late that coffee was a diuretic too, and she had drunk an entire large cup of it.

Crossing her legs once again, Kate did her best to listen intently as Mrs. Larson asked another question. This time it was one she hadn’t planned for, and she found herself having to come up with a good response on the spot. Normally it wouldn’t have been a problem — she was skilled at thinking quickly on the spot — but her predicament was preventing her from thinking straight. In the end she managed to formulate an answer, although she knew it wasn’t the best answer she could’ve given. It’s fine, she assured herself, it’s just one question, just forget about it.

If there was one thing she couldn’t forget now, though, it was her growing need down below; it was now constantly in the back of her mind, the warning signals from her bladder insistent and urgent, refusing to leave her alone. As Mrs. Larson was typing, Kate stole a quick glance at the clock and realized there was still over an hour left. She had been convinced that she would easily be able to make it through the interview, but now she was genuinely beginning to worry if she could even wait that long. I have to, she thought. There was no way she was going to ask Mrs. Larson for a bathroom break. It was highly unprofessional and child-like, and she couldn’t risk ruining the reputation she was building. After all, this was her entire career on the line. With that, she steeled herself once more, took a deep breath, and soldiered on.

Mrs. Larson seemed to have taken a great interest in Kate by now, and really seemed to be enjoying their conversation. She spent a lot of time on each question, asking Kate several side questions each time, and furiously typed away on her computer at Kate’s every response, making comments in between and prolonging the interview more and more. Normally for Kate this would’ve been great — in fact, she had been hoping this would happen. Kate knew that a long interview meant the interviewer liked you and wanted to get to know you better, and it was clear Mrs. Larson was doing exactly that. But as Kate’s urgent predicament grew worse with each passing moment, she was really starting to wish Mrs. Larson would pick up the pace.

They had moved onto more advanced topics now, with Mrs. Larson testing her knowledge to ensure she knew all the necessary information needed for the new position, almost like an oral exam in a way. This was no problem for Kate, who already had four years of work experience, and knew more than what she needed from all her preparation.

“What kinds of banking software can you use, or are most comfortable with?” Mrs. Larson asked, and Kate launched into yet another response, going into great depth to showcase her knowledge and experience on the matter. All the while, her right leg bobbed up and down rhythmically as she fought to keep her now desperate need from clouding her concentration. She was talking faster now as well — she wanted to end the interview as soon as possible but didn’t want to leave out any details in her responses. The last thing she needed was to seem half-hearted about things she was passionate about.

It was about ten minutes later, as Mrs. Larson was in the middle of making a comment, when there was a knock on the door. Cutting off her words, Mrs. Larson looked at the door perplexed, as did Kate, and announced, “Yes? Come in.”

The door opened and Rebecca poked her head into the office. “Really sorry to interrupt, Mrs. Larson, but Mr. Jones just called in, he says he needs to talk to you.”

“Now?” Mrs. Larson asked, slightly irritated. “I’m in the middle of an interview, tell him I’ll call later.”

“I did tell him that, actually, but he’s insisting. He says it’s urgent.”

Mrs. Larson sighed, tapping her fingers on the table, still slightly annoyed about the interruption, but in the end, she said, “Alright, fine, tell him I’ll call him back in five minutes.” Rebecca nodded and disappeared behind the door. “Sorry about that, Kate, but it looks like we’re going to have to pause for a bit.”

“Of course, that won’t be a problem.” Suddenly Kate was excited. This might just be the perfect opportunity that she had desperately been needing. Surely, she could quickly nip to the Ladies room while Mrs. Larson left to take her call and empty her aching bladder at long last. Just the thought was making her feel relieved.

“Well, before I go, let’s just finish up what we were talking about, shall we?” Mrs. Larson glanced at the notes on her computer to jog her memory of their discussion. She had hardly opened her mouth to resume their conversation, however, when the office door reopened, and Rebecca’s head poked in once more. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Larson, Mr. Jones says he needs to talk now.”

“Oh, for god’s sake, alright.” Exasperated, Mrs. Larson stood up from her desk. “Sorry again, Kate, I’ll be right back, just sit tight.” She began striding quickly towards the door, and Kate, who had been hoping to ask her if she could go use the bathroom before she left, began stumbling over her words. “Oh, actually, I was wondering, um…” But Mrs. Larson had already walked out the door, and Rebecca closed the door behind her, leaving Kate gaping at the door in silence, her request unheard.

Damn it! Kate thought, frustrated. That had been her chance, the perfect opportunity, practically handed to her on a silver platter, and she had let it slip by. It was almost like the universe was taunting her, giving her hope of relief and snatching it away at the last second.

Alone in the office, she was at least glad for the privacy. She had been making a conscious effort to keep her desperation from showing outwardly, but at least now she could let her guard down for a bit. Tapping her feet on the floor, she sighed heavily and glanced about, worry now lining her face as she wondered if there was any way out of her predicament. The balloon of pee inside of her was pressing heavily on her sphincter now, demanding to be released, held only at bay by her clenched abdominal muscles. Cold air continued to flow out of the air vent on the wall next to her, only adding to her misery. She thought woefully of how she could’ve been sitting on a toilet at this very moment had she been able to speak up sooner and ask Mrs. Larson for the restroom.

Maybe I can still go, she thought, turning in her chair. Surely the phone call would take some time, five minutes at least, during which time she could quickly run to the restroom and back — Mrs. Larson wouldn’t even know Kate had left the room. It was extremely tempting, and she gazed at the hallway outside longingly. Go on, one part of her brain was saying. Just do it, just go. But she couldn’t. It was just too risky — she had no idea how long Mrs. Larson’s phone call would be, and if she came back to the office to find Kate gone, that would be disastrous. I’m just going to have to wait, she thought miserably, slumping back into her chair. And so she did, rubbing her hand up and down her thigh as she squirmed in her chair, hoping Mrs. Larson wouldn’t take too long.

After about five minutes, the office door reopened and Mrs. Larson walked back into the room, apologizing to Kate once more for the delay, and, not wanting to waste any more time, immediately resumed the interview from where they had left off.

By now it was about two hours into the interview, and her situation was dire. Kate was crossing and re-crossing her legs every couple of minutes, and when they weren’t crossed, she was vigorously bouncing them both non-stop. She kept her heels raised as high as she could to prevent the tip of the heel from tapping on the floor and making noise. She was starting to glance at the clock every few minutes now, and it seemed to her that the minute-hand had stopped moving.

At one point, Mrs. Larson paused to refill her glass of water from the dispenser. The sound of the water splashing into the glass seemed deafening, and it was pure torture for Kate as she did her best to not concentrate on the noise, which was impossible. Oh my god… Kate thought despairingly. How much longer do I have to wait?

As if she’d heard Kate’s thoughts, Mrs. Larson glanced at the clock and exclaimed, “Wow, we’ve been here for over two hours already! Time sure flies doesn’t it?” Kate nodded with a weak smile, hoping this would mean that Mrs. Larson would finally speed things up. Her hopes were not long-lived, however, because then her interviewer said, “Well, I hope you’re not getting bored because I’ve still got many questions for you. So settle down, we’ll be here for another hour I’d say.” Oblivious to Kate’s plight, she gave her a quick smile, and it was all Kate could do not to groan in despair.

As they headed into the final hour of the interview, it seemed to Kate as if time itself had slowed to a crawl. She had hoped earlier that her bladder would stop filling up as fast towards the end, but if anything, the exact opposite was happening. With 45 minutes to go, it seemed as if her kidneys had gone into overdrive, pumping all that liquid from the coffee and water into her bladder as fast as possible. Kate could almost feel the urine coursing through her ureters into her bladder.

To her alarm, she found that crossing her legs didn’t seem to help at all anymore, and found herself bouncing her knees with newfound urgency, sitting upright on the edge of her chair now. With each minute, her need seemed to grow exponentially, and her bouncing legs grew more and more frantic. She silently cursed herself for being so stupid. It was such a silly thing — how could she have drunk all that liquid and forgotten to use the bathroom beforehand? Here she was, a grown professional woman at an extremely important interview, one that could kickstart her career, and all she could think about was running out of the room so she could relieve herself.

Her concentration had all but abandoned her at this point, and even the hours she had spent practicing seemed to be of no help anymore, as her mind was almost entirely preoccupied by her dilemma. She had to pause between each sentence, fighting to keep her focus on her responses, and whenever Mrs. Larson spoke, Kate could barely make out what she was saying. Her toes curled tightly inside her shoes, she fervently willed the time to go faster, but each minute seemed to last a year.

With thirty minutes still left, Kate’s bladder was absolutely bursting at the seams. She could feel the ocean of urine pressing against the walls of her poor, throbbing bladder, beginning to stretch it past its limit. It was all she could do to maintain her composure above the table: she would force a smile whenever necessary, and held a neutral expression otherwise, doing her best to keep the urgency of her situation out of her face and voice. Underneath the table though, it was a completely different story: she couldn’t keep her legs still for even an instant, practically running a marathon in place as she bounced them up and down furiously and swung them side to side. She was grateful for the fact that the desk was opaque, so Mrs. Larson couldn’t see what was happening down below. Even so, the woman was beginning to pick up on Kate’s distress.

“Kate, is everything alright?” Mrs. Larson asked, sounding concerned. “You seem very jittery and tense.”

For a moment Kate debated if she should just tell Mrs. Larson what was going on. She desperately needed to use the bathroom, and she knew she couldn’t wait much longer. Maybe if I just ask for a quick break, she thought, just two minutes, that’s all, I’m sure she wouldn’t mind. As much as she longed for it though, she couldn’t do it. It was too embarrassing, and Kate knew it would cast a terrible impression on her. And so she swallowed, forced herself to smile, and said, “Y-yes, yes, everything’s fine, thanks.”

Mrs. Larson nodded. “Getting restless, aren’t you? I know it’s been a long interview, but I promise, we’re almost done. I just tend to ask many questions when I like the person I’m interviewing.” Clearly this was a compliment, and Kate probably should’ve acknowledged it somehow, but all she could do was nod. Even smiling was becoming difficult now. She glanced at the clock again. Just twenty more minutes, just twenty minutes… She could barely concentrate on what Mrs. Larson was saying anymore, and multiple times she had to ask her to repeat herself. Speaking seemed impossible, and she was stammering in almost every other sentence, her voice quavering. It was all she could do not to moan in desperation as the seconds dragged on.

Her bladder was absolutely pounding at her now, waves of intense desperation washing over her body as she sat there in pure agony. Under the table, her legs seemed to have a mind of their own, bouncing up and down uncontrollably with great speed. When they grew tired of bouncing, she would fan them in and out forcefully, so fast they were in danger of smashing onto the side of the wooden desk. She found herself sweating despite the frigid air of the room.

It was about five minutes later, as she was stuttering out an answer while Mrs. Larson sat listening intently, when suddenly she felt a spurt of urine shoot out into her white panties. She stopped speaking suddenly, and, almost automatically, her right hand shot down and she grabbed herself between her legs. To her great relief, the spurt stopped almost as suddenly as it came, and she managed to regain control. Stifling a gasp, she resumed speaking, hoping Mrs. Larson hadn’t noticed her moment of panic, her right hand still clenching her crotch. She felt a warm dampness in her underwear, but the spurt had been small, and she knew it couldn’t have done much damage. That was too close, Kate thought, panicking. If this interview doesn’t end soon… no, no, that won’t happen. I’ll make it.

As determined as she was though, Kate knew she was quickly reaching her limit. Her bladder was almost overflowing with a lake of urine, and there was a very noticeable bulge on her abdomen as her expanding bladder pressed against the underside of her tight business pants. She just couldn’t hold it in much longer, she needed to get out soon. All she could do was pray that Mrs. Larson would finish up quickly. Another glance at the clock told her it was 12:55PM. She had been told the maximum time for the interview would be three hours, meaning it had to end in five minutes. She could hardly believe she had made it this far, but these last five minutes were the hardest.

At this point, Kate hardly heard nor cared about what was coming out of Mrs. Larson’s mouth. Her answers were short, choppy, and forced, every muscle and fiber in Kate’s body working strenuously to hold in the massive dam inside her. Her composure was quickly deteriorating: her face was flushed pink, sweat was beading on her forehead, and her eyebrows were furrowed in concentration and desperation. There were tears in her eyes now, and she tried to blink them away to no avail. Under the table, her legs were bouncing so furiously they were a blur, her knees banging together as she frantically swung her legs side to side. By now she wasn’t even trying to prevent her shoes from hitting the ground, so there was a rapid tap tap tap sound as her feet moved. Both of her hands were now jammed in between her legs, but even that was not enough to stop the sudden spurts escaping into her panties each minute.

One more look at the clock showed that it was finally one o’clock. C’mon, it’s been three hours, please, just end it, end the interview… Kate looked pleadingly at Mrs. Larson, who was once again typing away on her computer, still completely unaware of the fact that her interviewee was on the verge of wetting herself all over the floor.

Then, at long last, Mrs. Larson finally spoke the words that Kate had been longing to hear for the past hour: “Alright, Kate, that’s all the questions I have for you.” Thank god, oh, finally! Kate was already reaching down to grab her handbag when Mrs. Larson said, “Well, I suppose now it’s your turn. Do you have any questions for me?”

Shit. In her desperation, Kate had completely forgotten that she had to ask questions too. It was proper interview etiquette and was almost always expected. She had even come prepared with an entire list of them that she had planned on asking.

Mrs. Larson sat there, waiting for Kate’s response, who was sitting in her chair in pure agony. Her bladder was on fire, and it felt like there was a lake of lava inside just seconds from erupting out. She wanted to cry. I can’t wait any longer, I can’t. Suddenly another spurt escaped, this one coming out for a full second before she could stop the flow, and she felt the wetness seeping through her panties onto her black pants. At that moment, she knew she had reached her limit, and waiting any longer would only prove disastrous. Not asking any questions may cause her to lose some points, but anything was better than flooding her pants in front of her potential boss.

Taking a deep breath, Kate stammered out, “N-no, I-I don’t have any questions.” She did her best to smile, but at this point she would’ve been lucky if it came out as a pained grimace.

“Oh, alright then,” Mrs. Larson said, clearly disappointed. “Well, if that’s the case, I suppose this interview is over.” And with that, she stood up.

This was the part that Kate had been dreading. What if standing caused her to lose complete control? She’d been grasping her private parts tightly over the past ten minutes to hold back the flood, but she wouldn’t be able to do that once she stood. She brought her hands back up over the table so she could gather her documents, her legs shaking twice as hard to compensate for the lack of her hands. She hastily shoved all her papers into the folder she had brought, then reached down for her handbag. Finally, folder in one hand and handbag over the other shoulder, she pushed her chair back and stood.

She felt the weight of her bladder pressing down from gravity, and squeezed her thighs together, fearing the worst. Through her sheer willpower, she was able to keep the waterfall inside at bay, but it took an incredible amount of effort, an effort she could not sustain for much longer. Turning around, she looked at Mrs. Larson, who stood by the door, holding it open for her. She walked forward in short, quick steps, keeping her thighs as close together as possible while still trying to look normal.

Outside the office, she wanted nothing more than to make a beeline for the nearest bathroom, but she knew she had to say her farewells to Mrs. Larson, so she turned back, waiting for her to extend her hand and bid her goodbye. Instead, Mrs. Larson closed the door behind her and said, “Let me escort you back to the entrance. I know these hallways can seem like a labyrinth if you aren’t familiar with them.”

Kate’s heart sank. She had been hoping she could walk back by herself so no one, especially Mrs. Larson, would witness her predicament. At this point, though, she was too desperate to care: the pressure was absolutely unbearable now, and Kate was jiggling her legs forward and back as discreetly as possible. She needed to find a toilet now, and she knew that she could no longer hide her need.

So, as Mrs. Larson made to walk back down the hallway, Kate quickly interrupted her and said in a shaking voice, “Actually, Mrs. Larson, c-can you please show me to the bathroom?”

“Oh, um,” Mrs. Larson turned back around, clearly not expecting this request. “Actually, I’m sorry, Kate, but there’s a rule that the restrooms in this building are for employees only,” she said apologetically. “It’s a stupid policy, I know, but apparently it’s some insurance issue.”

It felt as though someone had plunged a knife into her heart. “Oh.” Kate couldn’t believe her ears. No, please, what am I going to do now? I can’t hold it any longer! She was completely panicking now. She was beyond her limit; it was a miracle she’d made it this far, but it had all been for nothing. This had been her only hope, the chance to finally use the bathroom at the end of the interview, but even that had now been taken away from her. With no other bathroom nearby, all she could hope for was to get out of the building before she wet herself, so that at least Mrs. Larson wouldn’t witness her humiliation. But even as she stood there, she knew that would be impossible. Once they got to the lobby, Mrs. Larson would surely want to exchange a few last words before she let her go, and given her current state, she knew she could not wait that long. Losing all hope, Kate began bracing herself for the great embarrassment that was to come…

Mrs. Larson looked at Kate, who stood rooted to the spot, still apologetic about having to deny her access to the restroom. But when she looked into Kate’s eyes, she was surprised to see a look of agony and sheer urgency in them. Concerned, Mrs. Larson looked at her flushed cheeks, then glanced down at her legs, which were now swinging wildly back and forth, and finally understood what was going on. Quickly clearing her throat, she said, “Although, if it’s an emergency, I’m sure no one would mind if I make an exception.”

“Yes! Oh, th-thank you so much.” Kate looked at her gratefully, waiting for her to lead the way. Mrs. Larson, finally realizing the urgency of Kate’s situation, quickly turned, and said, “Of course, follow me!” She began walking briskly in the other direction, and Kate followed as fast as she could, trying to avoid any jolts to her bladder. They rounded a corner up ahead, and at the end of the hallway on the right was the most welcome sight Kate had ever seen: a door with a Ladies Room sign. Just seeing it made her bladder throb even more, and she quickened her pace, overtaking Mrs. Larson as she strode towards the door, her heels clicking loudly on the tiles. “Here you go, Kate,” she heard Mrs. Larson say behind her, but she was already way ahead of her. Upon reaching the door, she turned the doorknob and burst inside; it was a small private room with a single toilet and a sink inside. Slamming the door shut loudly, she fumbled with the knob and locked the door.

In the privacy of the bathroom, she threw her folder and handbag to the floor and squeezed her lady parts with her right hand again. The sight of the toilet seemed to triple her need, and she knew she was seconds away from losing control; she could already feel spurts of pee shooting into her underwear. Rushing over to the white bowl, she stood in front of it and her hands began to frantically claw at the button on her pants. Her fingers moved furiously, Kate working them as quickly as she could, while her legs shook violently from sheer desperation.

Finally managing to shove the button through the hole, she yanked the zipper down with such force it almost broke. She pulled down her black business pants to reveal her soaked white panties, and, already starting to squat, she grabbed the sides and tore it down. The instant her panties had exposed her shaved pussy to the cool air, and before she had even fully sat down, a jet of pee shot out of her urethra. Her panties finally down and out of the way, Kate’s bottom collapsed onto the toilet with a thud, and finally, at long last, Kate relaxed her muscles and let the floodgates open.

A torrent of thick, clear pee erupted out from between her thighs and thundered into the porcelain of the toilet with a deafening noise. Eyes rolling to the back of her head, Kate heaved out a long and massive sigh of relief, but it was drowned out by the sound of all her pent-up urine splattering loudly against the porcelain. The stream was so powerful that tiny drops of pee were bouncing back up and splashing onto the underside of her legs, but she couldn’t have cared less. Kate sat on the toilet in a state of absolute pure bliss; the relief coursing through her veins was orgasmic, simply indescribable. She leaned forward, her arms leaning on her legs, eyes closed. All that coffee, all that water that had been pounding against the walls of her bladder for the past three hours was cascading out of her like water from a firehose, a never-ending waterfall.

“Ohhh…” Kate couldn’t stop the sighs from escaping her lips. Her stream seemed to go on and on with no intention of stopping — even after an entire minute, the thick pee stream continued to gush out from between her lips with great force. The sound of pee splashing against the white porcelain echoed loudly in the small bathroom, filling Kate ears; it was the sweetest sound she had ever heard. Finally, after about a minute and a half, the stream slowly began to taper off, until it eventually trickled to a stop.

Even after she stopped peeing, she continued to sit there, enjoying the relief still coursing through her body. She felt absolutely exhausted after the ordeal that she had endured. The past three hours had been some of the most excruciating moments of her whole life, an experience she never wanted to go through again. She could hardly believe that she had actually made it without completely humiliating herself — in a way, she was actually proud of herself. It was silly, of course, but she had only managed it because of her sheer strength, will, and determination. And her bladder of steel, of course.

Finally, she opened her eyes and looked down at her clothes to inspect the damage. Her panties had completely soaked through, which was unsurprising given all the spurts she’d had back at the office. Her main worry was her pants, but she was relieved to find that there was only a small wet patch on the front. Since the pants were black, it was hardly noticeable anyway. Grabbing some toilet paper, she wiped herself dry, pulled up her panties and pants, tucked in her blouse, and zipped and buttoned herself. Flushing the toilet, she walked to the sink, washed her hands, and took a look at herself in the mirror.

Other than her still-flushed cheeks and the sweat on her forehead, she looked normal, and there were no other signs that she had almost just wet herself at a job interview. She turned around and went to pick up her stuff from the floor. In her frantic rush, she had thrown her folder to the ground haphazardly, causing half the documents to fly out all over the place. She was lucky the floor was dry and clean; she quickly picked them up, put them back in her folder and slung her handbag over her shoulder.

As she was about to head out, she remembered that Mrs. Larson was waiting outside the door, and with a twinge of embarrassment wondered how much she had heard. Looking down at the bottom of the door, she saw that there was a large gap between the door and the floor, meaning Mrs. Larson had definitely heard everything. Sure enough, when Kate unlocked the door and headed outside, Mrs. Larson looked up at her with raised eyebrows and a look of mild surprise.

“My goodness, Kate, it sounded like you really needed that.”

Kate blushed despite herself, but then figured that there was no point in hiding the obvious anymore. “Yeah, I had a little too much to drink,” she said sheepishly, smiling awkwardly. The two of them began the walk back to the lobby.

“I had no idea it was so urgent,” Mrs. Larson said, shaking her head. “I mean, I didn’t even know… How long had you been waiting?”

“Actually, I’d been needing to go since the start of the interview,” Kate admitted. She couldn’t believe she was talking about this with her future-boss-to-be, and yet for some reason she didn’t feel that embarrassed about it anymore.

“You sat through that whole interview on a full bladder? Oh, you poor thing.” Mrs. Larson gave her a sympathetic look. “I was wondering why you were so tense and agitated towards the end. I thought you were just tired from sitting for so long. You seemed so restless and flustered; I was starting to get worried something was wrong. You should’ve at least said something, you know.”

Kate was surprised. She had never expected this woman, a highly professional and important figure, to be so understanding about something like this. “I know, I just didn’t want to interrupt the interview for something so minor.”

“Nonsense. If you need something, never sit there and suffer in silence. Learning to speak up to get what you want is an important skill for a branch manager, you know.”

Kate nodded, still feeling slightly embarrassed about the whole situation, but she knew there was truth in her words.

“That being said, I have to say I’m quite impressed. You performed very well on the interview, and the fact that you managed to hold your composure even with a bursting bladder for a full three hours is commendable. It really showed me the dedication you have for your job.”

Kate couldn’t believe it. Was her bladder actually going to help her get this job? She couldn’t help but be amused at the absurdity of the whole situation, her lips curling up in a small smile. Just ten minutes ago, her bursting bladder had almost cost her chance at promotion and made this the most embarrassing day of her life. But now, Mrs. Larson was saying her agonizing three-hour wait during the interview was commendable!

“It’s silly, I know,” Mrs. Larson went on, seeing Kate smiling to herself. “But you know what, I’m still impressed. It’s not easy to do what you did.”

Kate felt nothing short of delight at this, and her smile broadened as they walked into the lobby.

“Well, Kate, I supposed this is it then,” Mrs. Larson said once they were standing in front of the main entrance. “I enjoyed our conversation very much; it was an absolute pleasure.” She extended her hand.

Kate shook it with her own. “Thank you for the interview, Mrs. Larson, I really appreciate it.”

“Rebecca will call you in a couple days with the results, and I think you just might like what she’ll say.” Giving Kate one last broad smile, Mrs. Larson bid her farewell and headed back out of the lobby.

Kate walked out of the building feeling far lighter than she had when she had gone in this morning. She was thrilled — Mrs. Larson hadn’t explicitly given her the job yet, but her hint at the end told her everything she needed to know. She walked back to her car with a skip in her step and newfound energy, still grinning with joy.

It had been a bizarre interview to say the least —she had imagined numerous possible outcomes in her head, but this had certainly not been one of them. In the end, though, all that mattered was her success, and for Kate, that was enough. As strange a day as it had been, it would certainly not be one that she would soon forget.

The End

