Sandy Cheeks, Pearl Krabs, Princess Mandy holding competition

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-05-06 01:46

It's my first holding pee competition fanfic. (Princess Mandy is King's Daughter who appears in Spongebob movie.)

It was weekend in bikini bottom. Month passed since Sandy has wet herself in front of Spongebob. She has discovered that holding pee turns her on. Because it was weekend, Sandy went to Krusty Krab to eat a krabby patty. She ordered two of them and one big krabby soda. After eating both burgers and drinking whole soda she had to pee. This time Sandy went to toilet instead of holding it. She still wasn't sure if it would be good idea to wet herself in public. When Sandy went to the toilet there was line. In toilet there were 3 cabins, but 2 of them were broken. She haven't worried about that, she wasn't that desperate. When Sandy finally went to cabine and started to pee she heard 2 voices.

- Oh I have to pee so badly... - Said girl voice

- You can go before me if you want to - Said second girl. By voice Sandy knew that it was Pearl Krabs.

- Are you sure Pearl? You have drank 3 big glasses of krabby soda, and you have been holding that for 4 hours since then! - Said first voice

- Don't worry about me, I don't have to pee as bad as you have to. - Said Pearl.

- One day you will pee yourself if you will be letting go everyone before you! - Said first voice.

- I don't think so, I can hold it for long time. It would be cool to have competition with some other girls who can hold it for long time - Said Pearl. Sandy cannot believe what she heard. Pearl would want to take part in holding pee competition! After Sandy finished peeing and flushed toilet she went out of cabinet and purple fish girl runned into it.

- It must have been girl who Pearl talked with - Thought Sandy.

Sandy looked at Pearl. She was standing with crossed legs and she was biting her lip. Pearl was surely desperated. Sandy stayed for a while in toilet, pretending that she was washing her hands just to see Pearl's situation. There was only Sandy, Pearl and Pearl's friend. After a while Pearl's friend came out of cabin with blush on her face and said:

- Uhh, Pearl I have bad news...

- What is it? - Said Pearl, stopping crossing her legs and biting her lip.

- The toilet... It broke... - Said Pearl's Friend.

- Oh that's no problem, I can hold it. - Said Pearl, but she knew that she might not hold it until she get home which is 40 minutes walk from Krusty Krab.

- I'm going home - Said Pearl's friend.

It was perfect moment for Sandy. She went to Pearl and said:

- I see that you really have to pee, come with me, my house is just few minutes away.

Pearl knew Sandy, and she went with her. After 15 minutes of walk they got to Sandy's house. Pearl was now holding her crotch.

- W-where is the toilet? - Pearl asked Sandy.

- It's upstairs of my tree, first door to left. - Said Sandy.

While going upstairs, Pearl leaked a bit in her pink panties, but she managed to hold the rest until getting to toilet. She almost leaked more while getting of panties. She finished peeing after 3 minutes and got out of the tree and went to Sandy.

- Thanks you soo much, I would have peed myself if you haven't offered me using your toilet. - Said Pearl.

- No problem! - Answered Sandy.

Pearl was about to leave, but then Sandy asked her if she has been serious about holding pee competition.

- Yes, I have been serious about it, why you asking? - Said Pearl with blush on her face.

- I just would like to have holding pee competition with you and maybe someone els... - Sandg haven't finished yet and Princess Mandy, using her mermaid powers, teleported in front of Sandy.

- So you two would like to have holding pee competition, yes? - Asked Mandy with smile on her face.

- Oh, where are my manners. I'm Princess Mandy, princess of ocean.

- Yes we are doing it - Replied Sandy. - What brings you here?

- Oh, I just love holding pee competitions. I love holding pee myself. Would you mind if I joined you two? - Asked Mandy with blush and smile.

- No, the more people the better - Replied Pearl.

- Ummm Sandy, could you cover your home somehow so no one from outside can see us? - Asked Mandy.

- Yes, no problem! - Said Sandy and clicked red button on her tree. - Now from the outside we are not visible!

- Sweet, so what are the rules? - Asked Mandy.

Sandy thought about them before, and even wrote a list of rules. She handed it to Mandy, who handed it after reading to Pearl.

1. Everyone has to go pee before the competition starts.

2. At the beggining every competitor drinks 2 glasses of Krabby Soda, and then half a glass of water every 30 minutes and 1 glass of krabby soda every 1 hour.

3. Competitors can't use the toilet. Only winner can do it.

4. During competition every 20 minutes there must be something to do which makes holding pee harder. That thing is set by competitors.

Everyone went to toilet, even Pearl who just have been peeing. While Pearl was in the toilet Mandy reminded Sandy that Whales have twice bigger bladder than her and Sandy.

- Pearl, because your bladder is twice big as our, you have to drink twice of everything to make that competition fair for everyone - Said Sandy.

- Oh, okay that's not a problem - Said Pearl.

Sandy got big table for Soda, water and timer. She got water and glasses, Mandy with her magic got Krabby Soda.

- Okay, so we now start - Said Sandy and turned on the timer.

Sandy and Mandy drank 2 glasses of Krabby Soda, and Pearl drank 4 glasses of it. No one felt effect. After 20 minutes timer has rang.

- Okay girls, it's time for a challange. How about 20 sit-ups? - Asked Mandy.

- That seems good. - Said Pearl.

They all have done the sit-ups. After few minutes timer has shown thirty minutes - All girls had to drink water. Sandy and Mandy drank half a glass and Pearl full glass. They all began to feel small urge to pee. After 10 minutes the timer rang again.

- How about jumping for 2 minutes? - Said Sandy. Mandy and Pearl nodded. Their urge hasn't changed. After 18 minutes it was full hour, meaning that they have to drink glass of Krabby Soda, half glass of water and do a challange at once. Girls drank Soda and water quickly.

- Now how about 50 sit ups? - Asked Pearl. Mandy and Sandy had nothing against it. After sit ups Pearl's urge has grew. She started to cross her legs. Mandy wasn't in better situation. Her urge also grew. She started to bit ger lip. Then time has hit 1:20. By that time Sandy's urge also grew. She was now biting her lips.

- Okay, how about running competition? Last person to get to tree from doors drinks glass of soda. - Suggested Mandy.

- Second person could drink half glass of soda - Added Sandy. Pearl has sweated. She was terrible at running. Girls started to run. Mandy finished first without problems. Pearl was running at her full speed. She finished second, by a head from Sandy. A wave of urge has hit Pearl by running. She instantly crossed her legs as tightly as she could.

- Wow, Pearl you are pretty fast! - Said Sandy.

- Thanks... I just didn't want to drink that Soda. - Said Pearl.

- So now you are drinking! - Said Mandy with smile.

Pearl had to drink full glass of soda because she had bigger bladder, Sandy drank same amount. As Sandy finished drinking, wave of desperation has hit her. She got her hand on her crotch and crossed legs. She haven't leaked, and her urge stabilised after a while. Pearl's urge grew only a bit. She started to change her legs. After a while timer was showing 1:30 - Girls again had to drink water. By that time Mandy has started to do little pee dance.

- Ooo, someone has to pee a lot - Said Pearl laughting. By that laught she has almost leaked, but she again crossed her legs tightly to not let any drop come out.

- And who has to pee now? - Said Mandy with smirk.

- Oh girls look, it's 1:40 we must do challange! - Said Sandy.

- How about spreading our legs as much as we can for 2 minutes watching and listening to waterfalls? - Suggested Pearl. She hoped that she will manage to hold it.

- What about me? I have only tail, remember! - Said Mandy.

- You will drink half glass of soda and watch waterfalls for 4 minutes. - Said Sandy.

Mandy drank soda and created hologram of waterfall and sound of it. Sandy and Pearl spreaded their legs. They both put hands on their crotch as soon as they done it. They really had to pee. Mandy was hiding it before, but she was very desperated. She was now holding her crotch tightly. Waterfall sounds always made her desperated. She leaked few droplets in first minute in her pink panties. She blushed. Sandy noticed that. She thought that Mandy will pee herself. She imaginated Mandy wetting herself, and that was a huge mistake.

Sandy leaked a bit in her green pants. It wasn't visible. She held her crotch even tighter. Pearl was going pretty well. Waterfall had no effect at her at all. She just almost leaked by not crossing legs. When Sandy and Pearl finished, Mandy had 2 minutes of watching waterfall left. She was very desperated. She has put both of her hands in her panties. She leaked again, making visible stain. When few seconds left Mandy felt small stream of pee going down her tail. She managed to stop it. Pearl saw it and leaked in her pink panties. She blushed so much that Sandy began to laught and leaked that her panties were half wet, still not as wet as Mandy's.

- Okay, that was a lot of leaking - Said Mandy. She first time leaked in front of someone.

Every girl was now holding crotch tightly. The most desperated was Mandy. She felt another stream coming down her tail. Her panties were now almost fully soaked. She managed to stop it. Sandy was now doing pee dance. Pearl was holding her crotch very tightly with crossed legs. She leaked for 3 seconds. Her panties were now fully soaked. She has first time peed in her pants so much in fron of other people. She enjoyed it.

The timer shown 2 hours. All girls looked at each other with fear. They all drank full glass of soda and half a glass of water. Mandy started to shake and do pee dance, Sandy started to do pee dance, holding her crotch inside of her green, wet panties. Pearl started to take step from step, swotching to crossing legs and doing pee dance.

- We are all very desperated now, let's see what 50 sit ups will do now. - Suggested Sandy. Girls were at 14 sit up and then Mandy started to leak. Few droplets every sit up. She was now stopping every sit up. When she started to continue she lost it. She stared at her friends and said:

- I t-think I lost it - After she said that she started peeing herself. She felt her panties getting more and more wet, huge, hot stream of pee going down her tail. She was peeing for 2 minutes, moaning from pleasure all long. It was first time ever Mandy losing pee holding contest, but she enjoyed losing it. Atleast she could wet herself. Pearl and Sandy were trying not to look at Mandy peeing. They still could hear the sound of pee hitting the grass. Sandy started to leak 3 seconds every sit up at last 5 sit ups, but she mamaged to hold it with very big blush. Pearl was leaking a lot. Her whole legs were now wet, but she mamaged to hold it.

- So only you and me left? - Said Sandy to Pearl.

- It seems so - Said Pearl looking at her butt to see how wet her panties are.

Pearl was now leaking every minute. Sandy also has been leaking a lot. Timer has shown 2:30 but instead of water they asked Mandy to create waterfall. It was bad decision.

- Look at that water sparkling at bottom... As pee... - Said Sandy teasing Pearl. By that she leaked for 5 seconds and said nothing more. Her legs were now wet. Pearl has stared at that waterfall. She started to leak, and leak... She was wetting herself first time ever. She was still trying to stop it, but there was no use. Streams were going down her legs which were now glimmering. She enjoyed that feeling so much that she got orgasm. Meantime Sandy was starting to lose it. She saw Pearl wetting herself and she just couldn't stop peeing. She was wetting herself in front of others second time. She got orgasm. Her fur was getting more dark from pee. She was looking like waterfall. Pearl finished after 5 minutes, Sandy after 3. They both were pleased as they never been before.

- We must do that again - Said Pearl. Sandy and Mandy nodded.

