A Brand New Relationship - Page 2

Author: Kinglear07

*028*2022-09-23 02:48

Part 9

A month has gone by since our first day of college, and everything has been going great. Abby and I are better than ever, both as a couple and in terms of our shared fetish. Abby and Izzy truly have become fast friends, spending nearly all of the time I'm not with Abby, together. And Izzy and and I have become good friends as well, striking up our own little ticks.

After that first night where we inadvertently welcomed Izzy into our naughty realm, things have slowly but surely gotten... Interesting? I guess? It started out normal for two weeks. Out of embarrassment, we tried to keep Abby's wetting and messing to ourselves as much as we could. We'd only do so when we were alone or when we knew Abby could clean up quickly. And that worked for a while, but pretty soon Izzy caught on and told us to stop hiding around on her account. She said she meant it when she said she didn't mind Abby's "accidents," and to just be ourselves regardless if she's around.

So pretty soon, we did just that. Just the other day the three of us were on our way back to their dorm when Abby said she needed to pee. I obviously gave her a look of approval, but Izzy suggested she just let it go. I thought that was very forward of her, but before I could give it any more thought, Abby did exactly that, and wet her athletic shorts as she walked. I must admit, it was an incredibly sexy scene witnessing my girlfriend wet herself on the move next to our new friend. 

And if I wasn't mistaken, I thought Izzy enjoyed it as well; she had a noticeable blush and I thought her nipples poked out? I chalked it up to her possibly being turned on, because I sure was too. I had to, *cough* situate myself, to avoid popping a tent of my own in my pants. Unfortunately that was painfully obvious to the both of them. Abby gave me a giggle, grabbed my hand and kissed my check, while Izzy looked away with a laugh herself. Nothing was spoken though, and I figured we may have come to an interesting understanding.

Which brings us to today. Like I said, we're a month in to the year, so we've gotten into the swing of things. We've settled into all of our classes, even taken a few tests. Now it's Friday night, it's been a long week, and in typical college fashion, the three of us decided to kick back with some booze. I got us all some beer, some wine, even a fifth of vodka to welcome in the weekend. We were all just drinking and hanging out late into the night in their dorm, listening to music, and then things really got interesting. We all had a good buzz going when suddenly:

Abby: "Ahhhhhhhhh..."

Abby was just sitting on the floor and randomly began peeing herself in her dark green leggings and panties.

"Gahdamn that's hot babe." I said in response.

"Why thank you!" She said back to me. She gave me a big smile and I could tell she was pretty tipsy by how red her cheeks were. Although, some of that redness was due to her being turned on as well.

I reached over and felt the wetness on her inner thigh, without directly groping her in front of Izzy. "Gees, you really know how to drive me crazy..."

"Get a room you two!" Izzy said, laughing. We joined in and had a good drunken laugh.

"We're in a room!" Abby said through the laughter, which all just made us laugh even harder. We continued our drunken laughter for maybe another minute before:

"Oh my gosh I think I peed myself even more from all that!" Abby said.

"I almost did too!" Izzy said.

It was here where I decided to keep mostly quiet and see where things were going. I had been observing izzy to see if my suspicions of her being turned on the other day were true, and I think they were. Her cheeks are red again, nipples pointing through her shirt, and as we continued to drink, the bolder we all got, beginning with Abby's wetting.

"God it does feel good though. Thank God I'm in college and never have to worry about who sees me anymore. It's so freeing..." Abby said.

"Yeah... Can I ask you something?" Izzy said.

"Here we go" I thought to myself. The booze has emboldened Izzy to ask the question I had hoped she would ask.

"So what's it feel like?" Izzy said, blushing. "To... You know... Go in your pants?"

"Have you never had an accident before?" I said to her.

"We'll of course I have but not in a long time! And besides, those were always actual accidents, not intentional like it is for Abby."

I laughed, but Abby chimed in.

"No that makes sense" she said. "Having an actual accident versus wetting or even messing yourself on purpose is totally different. One can be scary and embarrassing, while the other is warm, inviting, naughty, and... And sexual! It's all about intention and how you go into it mentally."

"So like... It's a good feeling then?" Izzy asked.

"Well duh!" Abby exclaimed. "I wouldn't do it if it wasn't! It always makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside, and certainly makes me horny too..."

I loved how forward Abby was being, but I wasn't sure how izzy would respond. She was sitting with her knees to her chest with what I thought was a look of embarrassment as she glanced at me, but Abby quickly rectified the situation.

"Don't let Alex being here make it weird, why do you think we work so well together? He loves it just as much as I do!"

Then I jumped in. "Oh hell yeah! I may not have accidents myself, but in my opinion there's nothing more attractive than a woman who wets and poops herself."

Izzy seemed to relax. "That's crazy! I'd never thought of it that way!" She said.

"Don't knock it till you try it!" Abby said.

It was here where I poured us all another drink. We were all easily 3-4 drinks in, including glasses of wine and shots of vodka. Its safe to say we were well drunk, if not bordering on sloppy drunk to be honest. Abby slowly began to slur her words while sitting in my lap with her wet pants. My head was swimming but I still had a good handle on the situation for now. Izzy really seemed to be the most gone, stumbling around with her eyes half closed.

As Abby set in my lap, I could really tell how horny she was. Her whole ass was soaked with her pee, but with her arms wrapped around my neck she whispered in my ear: "I want you to touch me."

Now it was my turn to blush bright red. As I did, Izzy sat back down and saw this all unfold. While she couldn't tell what Abby had said to me, she was able to tell something was going on, even with all the drinks she's had.

"Damn guys, you two really do seem to get into it with Abby's accidents." Izzy said.

"You don't know the half of it" Abby replied with a sultry look in Izzy's direction.

Then, on that Friday night at midnight, as if right out of an 80s college movie, something amazing happened.

"Ok I'm gonna do it!" Izzy said.

"Yeahhhh girrrrrlll!!!!" Abby yelled, getting to her feet. "Piss yourself girl!"

I remained seated, just trying to soak everything in.

"Ok ok ok I'm gonna do it!!"

Izzy stood up and tried to steady herself.

"Ok yeah just let it out girl! Just go for it! Let it rip!" Abby cheered.

Izzy straightened out her t shirt and her black Capri leggings. She kind of braced, spread her legs about an inch or two apart. She didn't say a word, and then...

"I'm going I'm going! It's coming out!"

And sure enough, we all heard the tell tale sound of pee rushing out of Izzy's vagina and into her panties and leggings, before running down her legs and soaking into the carpet.

"Oh my goshhhhh" Izzy said, trying not to fall over. "That really is warm! It feels incredible!"

"See! I told you so!!" Abby yelled.

"Man, I see why you guys are really into this!!" Izzy said, this time running her hand up and down her crotch as her stream tapered off.

"Now you're getting it!!" Abby said. "It's convenient and freaking hot!!"

Again, I simply say and enjoyed my view of these two beautiful women in their soaking wet, peed in pants.

"Ok you got me, I'm hooked." Izzy said. "This feels way too good just to be a one time thing, even when I'm drunk!"

"Ooooh that's some dangerous talk there girl, you really think you're in??" Abby replied.

"Oh I'm IN in Abby, hell yeah!" Izzy said.

They then both jumped and hugged eachother while laughing. But amid all that jumping, they suddenly stopped and Abby let outa *monstrous* fart.

"Peeing yourself is only half the fun Izzy!" Abby said.

After a moment of silence, we all laughed the hardest we had all night. After minutes of laughter we were all back on the floor trying to catch our breath. I couldn't wait to see where these new developments took my relationship, and our friendship.

