Sandy Cheeks Desperation

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-05-02 23:26

Hi, it's my first omorashi fanfiction I created. I hope you like it.

It was peaceful day in Bikini Bottom. Sandy was working on her new machine - Enlarger which was making everything bigger in exchange for sea water. She has been working on her invention for a hour now, and she got thirsty. Sandy drank 2 glasses of lemonade which made her feel little urge to pee, but she ignored it and continued to work on her enlarger. After 2 hours of work and 1 more glass of lemonade her urge to pee has grown that she started to fidget a bit while working. After 1 hour she took a break to order a Krabby Patty and Krabby Soda to test her enlarger. She haven't want to leave her home because her machine still needen come corrections. Sandy called Krusty Krab and ordered her meal.

While she was ordering her food she was doing little pee dance, but again she ignored it and after ordering food she went back to her garden to make last corrections to her machine. After 30 minutes wave of desperation has hit Sandy. She holded her crotch and few drops of pee have got in her pants. She couldn't believe, that she had held it for so long. She was slowly going to her tree to get to the toilet, holding her crotch very thighly to not pee herself. Then suddently she heard ring from her doors - it was Spongebob delivering her food! Sandy took her hand from her crotch - what Spongebob would think about her? She went to her doors trying to hold pee by crossing her legs. Sandy was at her limit. When she was opening first iron door, Sandy felt another few droplets of pee going in her pants. She caught her crotch instantly. But she saw Spongebob opening other doors and stopped holding her crotch.

- Hi Sandy, here is your meal! - Said Spongebob happy as always

- T-thanks - Said Sandy crossing her legs and fidgeting.

- I saw that you are building some new machine, what is it? - Asked Spongebob.

Sandy was so desperate that she could pee herself any minute. She didn't want to pee herself in front of her best friend, but she also knew that Spongebob would be really sad if she wouldn't show him her new invention.

- T-that's enlarger, it makes everything b-bigger - Said Sandy letting herself hold her crotch with one finger.

- Oh that's nice, so it can make Krabby Patty bigger? - Asked Spongebob.

- Y-yes - Replied Sandy

- Cool, can I see it closely? - Asked Spongebob

- O-okay - Said Sandy. She hoped that it will take a little, but she has forgotten how Spongebob was curious...

Spongebob equipped glass bubble with water and entered Sandy's house. He haven't noticed Sandy's desperation.

Sandy was walking behind Spongebob so she could hold her crotch with full hand not being noticed. She had to go faster than she was going to doors to keep up with Spongebob and she felt little stream of pee leaking down her leg. Her pants were now wet and hot. She almost lost it. She knew that it was last time she could hold her pee after leaking. She knew that next time she will completly wet herself. Sandy kinda enjoyed that feeling of hot pee going from her pants down her legs. She couldn't admit it but she felt a bit turned up about peeing herself in front of Spongebob.

When they both got to enlarger Sandy wasn't trying to hide her desperation - If she tried to she would pee herself!

- S-so you p-put Krabby Patty h-here... - Sandy said and put Krabby Patty on place which she pointed.

T-then you add here w-water... - She said and got cup of water. Sandy added water in special place for it. While water was falling from cup to that place she closed eyes to not see it to not make her urge even larger. But she still could hear water hitting the place. She caught her crotch even tighter, she was at limit of her limit. Spongebob noticed that and said:

- Sandy is everything alri... - But by hearing this question Sandy's limit has been reached, her flood gates have opened. She stopped holding her crotch and she started wetting herself. Her green panties got soaken even more than before. Sandy looked down still with crossed legs... She wasn't trying to hold it anymore. Her fur has been getting more and more hot and wet. The feeling she had was so amazing to her that she got orgasm. She was still peeing, her whole legs were now wet. With blush on face and still peeing she looked at Spongebob and said:

- Don't tell anyone what you saw there.

Later that day she went home to think about way to make her bladder bigger so she could feel even better while peeing when her limit breaks.

*003*2019-05-04 14:52

I'll surely do more, maybe another Sandy Cheeks fanfiction or other character.

