A Navy Recruit's Misery

Author: Kayn

*000*2022-11-05 00:20

This is my submission for the September writing competition. Hope you enjoy!

A Navy Recruit’s Misery

“Commander Stallard will be arriving at the base at noon, and I plan to get there before she does, meaning we will be leaving tomorrow morning at eight-thirty. I expect each of you to be present in your officer’s uniform at the front of the canteen building by that time. If you are late, I will not wait for you. We will drive up to Greenport harbor where a boat will be waiting to sail us east to the base. Be warned, it is a long journey, so come prepared. We will not stop for any reason. Is that clear?”

Those had been the words of sergeant Margaret Clarke, uttered the night previously in her own personal office, where Clara Benson had stood rooted to the spot among two of her fellow officers-in-training, listening to every word. The directions were simple, and Clara had no doubt in her mind that she would be on time at 8:30 in the morning as her sergeant had said.

But of course, her faulty alarm clock had chosen that day to malfunction, and by the time Clara’s eyes had finally fluttered open the following morning as she lay among the sheets of her bed, it was already almost eight. In a panic, she’d launched into a frenzy to get ready on time, hardly stopping for a second to catch her breath. After fifteen minutes of chaotic scrambling, she stood in front of her mirror, half-panting as she smoothed out her clothes as best as she could, trying not to look like she’d just clambered out of bed moments ago. As she had been told, she was in her officer’s uniform, consisting of a light blue button-down blouse tucked into a tight pair of dark blue pants, which were being held up by a black belt wrapped snugly around her waist. Her brown hair, which normally came down to her chest, was tied up in a neat bun at the back.

Feeling satisfied with the state of her clothes, she slipped her feet into her black boots, tightened the laces, then glanced over at the clock on her bedside table. 8:15AM. She’d be cutting it close, but she would make it on time. There would be no time for her to eat breakfast, but she’d compensated by drinking two cups of coffee instead, the last of which she gulped down before tossing the large paper cup into the trash and stepping out of her room.

Clara made her way towards the canteen, keeping up a brisk pace to get there on time and to keep herself warm in the cool autumn air. As she walked, she finally had a chance to collect her thoughts, her mind pondering the events of the day to come. It had all started last night, when Clara and two other students in the training academy had been called down to the sergeant’s office out of the blue. Normally, this was never a good sign, and it was with a healthy dose of worry that the three had walked into the office of Margaret Clarke, a woman who was as respected as she was feared among the students and her fellow colleagues.

However, their fears were soon put to bed as the sergeant explained why they had been called. She had received word that Amy Stallard, a highly distinguished and well-known Navy Commander, was visiting the nearby Glen Rock Naval Base facility to discuss and prepare for an upcoming mission, and she had requested Clarke’s presence, along with a few of her best students in training. Clara, being one of the top students in her class, had thus been chosen as one of the lucky few to attend this meeting.

As the sergeant had detailed all of this, Clara had hardly managed to contain her delight. Her dream of becoming a navy officer was something that she took very seriously, and ever since she’d joined Officer Candidate School eight weeks ago, she’d made it her mission to excel in every task that had been thrown at her. Now, not only had her hard work been noticed, she’d also been rewarded with the chance to meet and work with Commander Stallard herself, a woman who was well known for her great accomplishments and intelligence. This was exactly the opportunity that Clara needed, a chance to put her name forward and be recognized for her drive and ambition, and she certainly wasn’t going to mess this up, although her alarm clock had certainly tried its best.

Clara was panting a little as she finally strolled up to the canteen entrance with just five minutes to spare, now feeling fully awake and clear-headed after the walk in the cool morning air. Stephanie and Jane, the two other students who had been selected for the trip, were nowhere to be seen. Figuring they were inside, Clara pushed through the doors of the cafeteria and into the large dining area within. She was met by a wave of chatter and the clattering of cups and glasses, the room packed with throngs of her classmates having their first meal of the day. Turning her head, she scanned the room in an attempt to locate her traveling companions, although it proved to be fruitless among the chaos of so many people walking about.

What she did find, however, was that the smells wafting through from the kitchens were reawakening her hunger, which she had only temporarily managed to stifle with the two coffees she’d downed earlier. She looked longingly at the sights of bacon, eggs, and bread all around her, wishing she could get herself a plate and eat. But with just three minutes to spare, it was not an option; instead, Clara strode to the back, grabbed a tall glass, and poured herself some orange juice. It wasn’t ideal, but it was something, and she could certainly use the energy. After all, the sergeant had warned them it was a long trip, and she certainly didn’t want to pass out halfway through. Not wanting to dawdle, she gulped down the entire glass in one go.

It was then, as she swallowed the final few sips of the cool liquid, that she began to feel that all too familiar feeling down at the base of her abdomen. It seemed her morning double coffees had already gone right through her (as it usually does) and was already insisting on release. It would be best to deal with this now before they set off, and thankfully there was just enough time.

Halfway to the cafeteria restrooms, however, she was stopped in her tracks by someone calling after her.

“Clara!”

Clara turned to find Stephanie approaching her, Jane following closely at her heels, both wearing identical uniforms matching what Clara herself had donned. “Oh, hi guys!” She put on a smile, waving in greeting, and, not wanting to be rude, stood patiently they exchanged pleasantries. Unfortunately, this meant that whatever little time she had to take care of her business went up in smoke, and she had no choice but to go along as the three of them made their way back out into the cool, crisp air outside. It’s not so bad anyway, Clara reasoned. Plus, there’s probably a bathroom on the boat that I can use. Confident that her bladder situation was a non-issue, she put the matter out of her mind.

“We were starting to get worried when we couldn’t find you,” Stephanie explained as they came to a halt by the curb outside. Clara smiled, ready to explain the events of her hectic morning, but before she could open her mouth, a large, brown jeep came rumbling down the street and came to a halt directly in front of them. Noticing sergeant Clarke in the driver’s seat, the three students immediately ended their conversation, standing straight at attention.

Without getting out of the jeep, the sergeant looked them up and down. “Glad to see you all made it.” She beckoned to the back seat. “What are you waiting for? Get in, time to go!” The three women clambered into the vehicle, a task which required some legwork due to its considerable height. Stephanie took the right seat, Jane the middle, and Clara sat on the left. The sergeant was wasting no time today; the moment the door closed, the jeep roared off down the road, and with that they were off to the harbor.

The drive was rather uneventful, and in the presence of the sergeant, none of the students were in the mood to make small talk. Thus, nothing but the roar of the engine filled the air as they rumbled down the road to their destination, which Clara knew was about an hour’s drive away from their camp. She tried to relax as they twisted and turned down the small road, but emerging feelings of nervousness was making it difficult. She had never really met such a high-ranking official as Commander Stallard before and had no idea how this meeting would go.

The sergeant hadn’t really made it too clear exactly what the students’ task would be, other than that they would be sitting in on the discussions about the upcoming mission which was to be led by the commander. Yet this was not enough for Clara, who was always one to be fully prepared for any situation, and the lack of information was bothering her quite a bit. What should I do? How should I act? Her mind was buzzing. What if I say something stupid and make a fool out of myself? She knew she was just overthinking, as she often tended to do, and tried to shove these thoughts out of her mind, mentally reassuring herself that she would do just fine.

It wasn’t just the nerves bothering her, however. Her need to pee had worsened quite steadily since they’d left the camp, and the urine within her bladder sloshed around with every bump on the road, certainly making its presence felt. She was finding it hard to ignore by now, but nevertheless tried not to let it concern her. They weren’t far from the harbor, and once they were on the boat, she would be able to use the toilet onboard. Yeah, I’ll be fine. She certainly wasn’t about to get hung up on something as trivial as a bodily function, not when she had far bigger things to worry about.

It seemed her kidneys, however, had other ideas. Perhaps it was due to the cool temperature, or the nerves bubbling within Clara, but her bladder seemed to be filling at a rate far quicker than normal. By the time they finally pulled into the harbor entrance, her urinary urge had amplified quite significantly, and she found herself subtly swaying her legs side-to-side across her seat to keep it subdued. She was caught by surprise at just how badly she already had to pee, and despite her earlier nonchalance on the matter, she was quite glad they were now just moments from entering the boat where she could go relieve herself.

The harbor itself was quite small, situated on the banks of a river among the forests on either side. Given the rural locale, traffic was minimal, and the place had a forlorn feel to it, although the flow of the river and the rustling of the leaves created a sense of serenity in the air. Clara certainly noticed a difference in the atmosphere here compared to the camp as she stepped out of the jeep, which the sergeant had parked in front of a lone, squat building situated about 50 feet from the waters. She also noticed the air was considerably cooler here by the river, shivering a bit as she felt a chill crawling down her spine, eliciting an even stronger reaction from her bladder. Stepping from side to side, she glanced over to the riverbank where a small white cabin cruiser bobbed up and down on the waters, anchored down next to a wooden walkway stretching into the river. It certainly wasn’t anything spectacular, but it would get them where they needed to go, and that was enough.

As the four of them made their way to the river’s edge, they were greeted by an older, weather-beaten man who emerged from the depths of the boat cabin and introduced himself as Arthur, the one who had been sent to escort them to the base. Sergeant Clarke began to exchange a few words with the man, while Clara stood waiting behind her with Stephanie and Jane. As the cold air washed over her from an oncoming breeze, she crossed her arms over her chest tightly, suddenly wishing she’d brought along a jacket to keep herself warm.

Meanwhile, her bladder’s cries had grown very insistent, made only worse by the non-stop chilly winds, and she had to fight the urge to dance on the spot. Unable to keep completely still, she had to resort to shifting from foot to foot, doing her best to be discreet about it. Oh, come on, let’s go already! Clara felt her impatience bubbling up as Arthur rambled on about something, eager to get on board so she could hurry to the toilet and be rid of this bothersome need.

Thankfully the conversation ended soon after, and Clara followed gratefully behind the sergeant as they climbed onboard onto the deck.

“I’ll be up here by the wheel,” Arthur called out to them, gesturing towards the inside of a little enclosed cave at the front end of the deck where the helm was located. “You lot can stay down below where it’s warm, I made sure to heat it up on my way here. If you need anything, just come up and give me a holler.” With that, he turned and situated himself on his seat at the wheel.

“Down we go then.” The sarge led the way down a small flight of steps disappearing underneath the deck, leading into the cabin below. Clara was already thinking about how she was going to excuse herself to use the restroom. Do I even have to ask the sarge, or should I just go? Having never been in this situation, she had no idea. It would be safer to ask, right? Probably. Was she overthinking this? Definitely.

It was certainly warmer below, away from the biting winds of above, a fact which Clara was quite thankful for. It was a small area, quite cozy, with a wooden table surrounded by a few chairs taking up most of the main section, and nothing but a few cardboard boxes filled with supplies and junk on the other side. Rubbing her hands to warm up her fingers, she immediately glanced around, looking for the head; surely it was down here somewhere.

After one quick scan around the room, though, she found no other doors among the walls, and there didn’t seem to be any other areas down here either. Damn, where is it? Was it somewhere on the deck, and she’d just failed to notice? No, that couldn’t be it, she definitely would’ve seen it. Stepping in a small circle, she scanned the cabin walls once again, going slower this time, but yet again, her search yielded nothing. She felt her heart drop. Is there seriously no bathroom on this boat? Clara couldn’t believe it. She had been banking on finding a toilet here, and not once had she paused to consider what would happen if there wasn’t one.

What on earth was she supposed to do? She suddenly thought back to the building on the shore by which they had parked the jeep, wondering if there was any chance that she could run back and check there. Before she could even consider this option, however, the engine of the boat roared to life, and with a sudden burst of acceleration, the boat took off down the river, thus marking the beginning of their long journey to the island base.

As Clara adjusted herself to the swaying motion of the cruiser cutting its way through the water, the severity of her situation slowly began to dawn on her: she was now effectively trapped on a toilet-less compartment heading out into the sea on a journey that would last no less than two hours, in the presence of two of her colleagues and her cold, ruthless sergeant, with a pair of kidneys that seemed to be working overtime as they deposited urine into a bladder that was already considerably full.

A deep sense of worry settled over her at this realization. The prospect of having to endure a full bladder for the entire duration of this trip was not at all something that she relished. Given how badly she already needed to go, she was genuinely concerned about whether or not she would even be able to last that long. But she had to, there was no other way for her to relieve herself. It was certainly going to be a close one, but she would just have to manage. This was nothing new, she’d been caught short plenty of times before, and this certainly wouldn’t be the last. She was a grown adult woman, she could deal with this. I’ll be fine, we’ll be there in no time, Clara told herself in reassurance.

“Have a seat, everyone! Benson, get over here!” Clara was snapped out of her thoughts by the sergeant’s bark. Stephanie and Jane seated themselves at the table, and Clara quickly strode over to join them. The sarge, sitting at the head of the table, produced a folder filled with a set of documents.

“I’m sure I don’t need to tell you that this meeting is important,” she began, removing some papers from the folder and passing it down to the three students who sat listening. “Commander Stallard invited you today to give you an opportunity to get some valuable experience and get a taste of what life as an officer is like.” Clara glanced at the document as Jane passed it to her, scanning it to see what it was. “Now, since you lot are still in training, you won’t be expected to do much. At most, today you’ll be listening in to the discussions in which I’ll be participating alongside the commander. But — and let me make this clear — you not being a part of the discussions is not an excuse for you to not pay attention. You are to take notes on everything that is talked about, and I will personally be reading them afterwards, so they better be done well. Do I make myself clear?” The three trainees quickly nodded in response.

“Good. Now, I want you all to be prepared before we get there, so we’ll be going over the general topics that will be covered. I listed them all out here, make sure you follow along while you listen…” Sergeant Clarke launched into speech and began to go over some of the details outlined on the document which she’d just handed out, while the students sat listening attentively. Clara, always the eager and ambitious student, was doing her best to pay close attention, keeping track on the paper in front of her as the sarge talked about a new submarine which the commander was due to inspect, and some tests that needed to be run before it could be approved for use.

On this particular occasion, however, she was finding it hard to keep her concentration with the pressure of her bladder continuously mounting down below. She bounced her right leg in a rhythmic jig, trying to keep the urge under control. They had only just begun the journey, yet already her need was getting urgent. This could get bad.

Clara shook her head as she fought to regain her focus. Come on, don’t think about it. Focus on the meeting. No matter what happened, she wasn’t about to let her bladder get in the way of this important day, not if she could help it. Besides, she’d spent plenty of times in class while having to pee, this was nothing new. Letting the sarge’s words wash over her, she stared intently at the notes in front of her, refusing to be distracted by her bodily needs.

Over the next half hour, the briefing session continued, the sarge making her way through the document’s content while the students followed along with looks of concentration. They had to be ready, because every so often sergeant Clarke would throw a question at one of them, demanding an answer, and an incorrect response would certainly not be met with kindness. Stephanie, Jane, and Clara were more than up to the task, however – after all, they were three of the best students in class. By the end, not a single question had been answered incorrectly, and even the sarge, normally so difficult to please, seemed quite happy with the results.

“Alright then,” she said, retrieving her folder and proceeding to remove a further set of papers. “I hope you didn’t think we were done, because we’re not.” Clara reached out to grab the sheets that were passed down; it was a packet, a relatively large one with quite a few pages of text. “That document contains further details of several other topics that will be covered in today’s meeting. I expect each of you to read through it and familiarize yourselves with it completely; I’ll be questioning each of you afterwards, so be ready. You have half an hour. Go on, then, get started!” There was the shuffling of papers, a scrape of a chair, and then nothing but the hum of the engine and the splashing of water as the room fell into a concentrated silence. That last sound in particular was proving to be quite bothersome for Clara, whose need had now grown to a seriously worrying level.

They were only a quarter of the way to their destination, yet already she was reaching a state of desperation. What on earth was going on down there? She couldn’t remember the last time her bladder had filled this fast. God, of all the days. She’d just about managed to keep ahold of her focus up until now, but it was impossible to ignore the constant, dull pressure in her abdomen, her bladder’s shrill calls now forcing their way to the forefront of her mind. Her eyes darted back and forth across the page, trying to grasp the meaning of the words as it sped through them. 

Meanwhile, underneath the table, Clara’s legs were bouncing continuously in an attempt to quell the burning between her thighs, her feet balanced on the toe-end of her boots. It certainly helped, but it was nothing but a temporary remedy, a solution that would not hold it back forever. The best thing that could be done for her now was to get to the base as quickly as possible, but that was entirely out of her control. She would simply have to sit and hope she could wait that long.

Clara sighed under her breath, both out of discomfort and frustration at her lack of concentration as she found herself reading the same line over and over again. She glanced sideways at Stephanie and Jane’s papers to see their progress and saw that she had already fallen behind by several pages. That won’t do at all. The last thing she needed right now was to get on the wrong side of the sarge, and that would be a real possibility if she didn’t pick up the pace. But as the minutes ticked by, it was only getting harder and harder to maintain focus, and she was getting increasingly restless, now squirming frequently within the chair. Ohh… come on, just read, just focus Clara! It was much easier said than done. God, I have to pee so bad.

The sarge had taken to walking slow circles around the cabin, hands clasped behind her back as she stalked the perimeter. Every so often a rustle of paper would interrupt the hum of the engine as a page was flipped, marking the slow but steady progress by the three recruits under the watchful eye of their superior. This continued for another twenty minutes. It was dull work, to be sure, but no one wanted to be the one to find out what would happen if they weren’t ready for the sarge’s questioning afterwards, so they kept their heads down and powered through. Clara herself was powering through an additional burden of her own, her discreet movements growing more and more frequent and amplified as time ticked on.

Ever so slowly, they approached the halfway point in their journey, and by now there was no doubt about it, Clara was well and truly desperate. Her thighs fanned back and forth across the chair, soft sighs escaping her mouth as she fought against the occasional surge of force from her bladder. Her sphincter was under significant duress, and its load seemed to be getting heavier by the minute. She was seriously starting to regret all those liquids she’d hurriedly consumed that morning; it would’ve been better to be hungry than have to deal with this!

Clara groaned internally as she heard the sounds of the water lapping against the boat outside, which only served to intensify her need even more. Ohhh, hurry up and get there already! Clara was known by those closest to her to be a very patient individual, a trait that was certainly going to be put to the test today. She glanced over at her companions, yet again trying to measure their progress, and was shocked to see Stephanie already on the last page, and Jane not too far behind.

Clara herself still had quite a few pages left to read, and it was now a possibility that she might not even finish on time. Panic bubbled within her at this thought; spurred on by the prospect of having to face the sarge’s admonishment, Clara clenched her teeth and forced her mind back to the words in front of her. She had to get through it, no matter what her damn bladder was doing. Crossing her legs, she pressed her right thigh down hard against her left, adding whatever support she could to maintain control.

Suddenly, they felt an unmistakable bout of deceleration as the boat began to slow down. Startled by the disturbance, Clara head snapped up, as did Stephanie and Jane’s, questioning looks on their faces as they briefly wondered what was going on. Maybe they were just making a turn to avoid an obstacle? But no, the boat had slowed down significantly, continuing to do so until little by little they came to a complete halt.

Clara’s mind started racing, and she suddenly felt a flutter of hope. Had they arrived already? Oh yes, thank god! Maybe it was her lucky day after all. Just the thought of finally being able to get to the base – no, to the bathroom within – and being able to experience sweet, sweet relief at long last was already making her heart beat faster. She glanced around at the sarge, who stood still in the middle of the room with her hands clasped behind her. Why isn’t she telling us to go up?

At that moment, there was a thud followed by the high-pitched whining of some old hinges as the door at the head of the stairs opened and Arthur poked his head in.

Addressing the sarge, he said, “Apologies, I just had to make a stop here at the fueling station, we were starting to run low and I didn’t want to risk it, you know? My fault for not doing it earlier, I should’ve known better, these older boats have never been too efficient.” He gave a few hearty slaps to the wall beside him. “Anyways, shouldn’t take long, ten minutes maybe. Hope you don’t mind the delay.” Clara felt her heart sinking at the realization that they were not at the base after all. In fact, this stop was only adding even more delay to their trip, which was the last thing she needed. You can’t be serious right now. Irritation and anxiety bubbled up within her, though she tried to keep it from showing.

“It’s quite alright,” the sarge responded firmly, her neutral expression making it impossible to read her feelings.

Arthur began to turn around, then stopped suddenly and glanced back. “Oh, and one more thing. I need to load a couple of boxes onto the boat from the storage shed on shore. I’d appreciate it if a couple of you ladies could lend a hand; definitely would make things quicker.”

“Certainly.” Sergeant Clarke turned her head at the students’ table. No, don’t pick me, don’t pick me, Clara begged internally; having to lift heavy objects and carry them around was the last thing her bladder needed. “Jane, Clara, you heard the man. Go with him and do as he says.” Damn it. The two addressed girls quickly stood up at the command and wasted no time in climbing up the steps to join Arthur up on the deck.

As Clara stepped through the door, she was immediately enveloped by the cold sea air, prompting an abrupt reaction from her bladder. Jamming her thighs together quickly, she tried to look normal as she shuffled across the deck with Jane right behind her, battling to keep the urine within her at bay. The sight and sounds of the water all around her was doing nothing to help either.

They had stopped at a small island, which was seemingly empty save for a little fueling station at the water’s edge and a small shed behind it. On every other side around them, the blue sea stretched out towards the horizon, without even trace of any other land. They really were in the middle of nowhere. Had it not been for the great urinary burden which she was suffering at that moment, Clara would’ve found this experience to be thrilling.

Arthur called out to them as he disembarked from the cruiser, indicating they should follow him. Clara and Jane climbed down the ladder, the former being careful with her movement to avoid any sharp jolts.

“There isn’t too much, just a few boxes,” Arthur explained as they approached the little white shed. Jiggling a key into the lock, he shoved the door open, and the three entered inside. “Should be just those three over there.” He indicated to three cardboard boxes laying by the wooden wall. “The big one on the bottom is pretty heavy, you’ll have to team up for that one. Just put them on the deck by the side. I’m gonna go fuel up the boat, you two can manage alone?” Clara and Jane nodded in confirmation, and Arthur went off. Wasting no time, the two girls each grabbed a box and carried it back to the dock. They paused as they reached the ladder leading up to the deck.

“Hmmm. How about I go up and you pass those up to me?” Jane suggested, placing her box down.

“Yeah, that sounds good,” Clara agreed, stepping from foot to foot as she stood, unable to keep still for even a second. Once Jane had climbed back aboard, Clara passed up the boxes one by one, bobbing in place the whole time, then began heading back to retrieve the final box. At least the movement seemed to help provide some distraction, even if it was temporary. Anything helped at this point.

It was then that she suddenly noticed another building next to the shed, this one even smaller, just about the size of a small room. It didn’t look at all interesting, and she merely cast a sideways glance at it as she hurried back to the shed, but what she saw written on the door made her heart jump to her mouth. The letters, written in white paint, were worn and chipped over the course of time, but the word on the door was unmistakable: “Toilet”. Oh my god. Just the sight of it made her bladder throb with need, and Clara felt her heart flutter at the realization that there was a toilet literally ten feet away from her. Oh, thank you, thank you! Clara thought joyously, unable to believe her good luck. Within the past half hour, she had condemned herself to the fact that she would have no choice but to hold it in until they arrived on base. That was no longer the case. It seemed she’d been saved from her misery after all.

She tore her eyes away from the little outhouse as Jane approached behind her, but there was only one thing on Clara’s mind: she had to get to that bathroom before they left, no matter what. Inside the shed, she bent down and grabbed the large box by the bottom as Jane positioned herself opposite her and let out a soft grunt as they lifted it up. Oh shit! The straining of her muscles from the force overcame her from just a moment, weakening her sphincter just long enough to send a spurt of pee into her panties. Clara almost dropped the box as she squeezed her thighs together, unable to use her hands to help herself. Thankfully, she just about recovered control as they began trudging back across to the boat, stepping ever so carefully across the uneven ground.

By the time they reached the boat, Arthur had already finished up with the fueling, and helped them lug the box up the ladder and onto the boat. The sergeant, who had made her way up to the deck, stood watching as they hauled the package over to where they had placed the other two.

“That should do it,” he grunted, shoving the box up against the side of the boat and stepping back while dusting off his hands. “Thanks very much for your help, ladies.” He gave them quick nod before turning to the sarge. “Well, everything’s all set, I’d say we’re good to continue.”

Clara’s heart pounded. They couldn’t leave yet; she had to get to that toilet! But she couldn’t just tell Arthur to wait while she ran off, not with the sarge standing right there. She’d have to ask for permission, there was no other way. It was not an action she was looking forward to at all; she was afraid of what the sarge’s reaction would be, especially considering they were already running late. Yet it was something she had to do, out of pure and absolute necessity. Taking a deep breath, she prepared to make her request.

But just as she began to turn, suddenly Jane swept past her, coming to a halt in front of the sarge in just three steps. Then, opening her mouth, she blurted out, “Sergeant Clarke, requesting permission to make a head call?” Clara stood transfixed, unable to believe what she’d just heard. You’ve got to be joking! Did Jane have the exact same idea as me? Evidently, she did. It seemed that Clara was not so alone in her predicament after all, a fact she’d completely missed having been so intently focused on her own internal struggle. Yet when she looked at Jane now, standing in front of the sergeant, the signs were there: knees pressed tightly together, fidgeting ever so slightly in place, clearly trying her best to hide the movements in the presence of her superior.

Jane waited for a response, while Clara stood staring behind her, still caught by complete surprise at Jane’s sudden request. The sergeant, meanwhile, looked rather bemused. “Miss Collins, I don’t see a head anywhere. Where exactly do you plan on going?”

Jane was ready for the quip. “There’s a facility behind the fueling station, next to the shed.”

The sergeant looked out towards the island, her eyes narrowed. “I see.” Her facial expression, as it often was, was one of firm neutrality, though this time there seemed to be just a hint of irritation in her eyes at her recruit’s request. But then she nodded, glancing back at Jane. “Alright, Collins, but make it quick! We’re late as it is, I don’t intend to dawdle here any longer. You have two minutes!”

“Thank you, sergeant!” Jane immediately turned and rushed to get off the boat, a look of relief on her face. Meanwhile, Clara could do nothing but stare at her back as Jane hurried off to the place where she wanted – no, needed – to go so badly. But her chance was gone, it was over the moment Jane had beaten her to make the request. There was no chance in hell the sarge was going to let them both go; she’d looked irritated enough at Jane’s inquiry, she’d probably be downright angry if Clara were to ask the same question. She looked out longingly towards Jane, watching her as she opened the bathroom door and scurried inside. Damn it, that could’ve been me! If only she’d spoken up a second sooner, she’d be the one inside the bathroom at that moment, tugging her pants and underwear down, her bare thighs cradling the toilet seat as she let it all flow out at last…

“Benson, what’re you staring at? Get down to the cabin!”

The sarge’s harsh voice snapped Clara back to reality. “Y-yes, sarge!” Tearing her eyes away from the bathroom, she turned around and quickly headed back down the staircase and into the level below.

“What’d you have to do up there?” Stephanie asked as Clara resumed her seat at the table.

“Oh, we just had to move a few boxes onto the boat,” Clara replied, panting ever so slightly as her legs shook rapidly under the table. Ohhh… The need was really strong now, the pressure within her bottom half starting to reach unbearable levels. How on earth was she going to make it? She couldn’t help but think jealously of Jane, probably peeing on the toilet at that very moment, feeling the great relief that Clara so badly needed. She knew Jane hadn’t gotten in her way on purpose, but it was hard not to feel bitter given her circumstances. At least hurry up and finish so we can get going, she thought in frustration, her patience now running dangerously thin.

Fortunately, the sarge’s two-minute warning was not ignored by Jane, who soon hurried back down into the cabin to join them. As she sat down, she leaned in close to whisper into Clara’s ear.

“Thank god the sarge let me go. You have no idea how bad I had to pee this whole time!” She gave a little embarrassed smile to Clara, who could only manage a taut smile back in return. Clara felt her ire bubbling up at the confession, even though deep down she knew Jane’s remark was purely casual in nature, and just like Clara had been oblivious to Jane’s desperation, so too was Jane now to hers.

As the sergeant returned below deck, they finally set off again, sailing off towards the base at full throttle. The time of arrival was one hour from now, an hour that would be one of the longest of Clara’s life. She ground her teeth and bounced her knees with added vigor as she fought yet another pang of desperation; they were coming more and more frequently now, giving Clara no chance to rest easy. This was going to be a long, uphill battle. But it was one she had to win. She had to. There was no way she was going to humiliate herself by wetting herself like some little schoolgirl.

Five minutes from their departure, the sergeant, who had taken her seat at the head of the table, began the thorough verbal examination of their reading assignment as she’d promised earlier. Over the next twenty minutes, she spat out question after question, cycling between each of the three students, leaving no stone unturned in her inquiries. Stephanie and Jane answered with relative ease, their statements straightforward and precise. Clara, however, was struggling immensely to keep her mind on the task at hand while desperately trying to keep her pants dry. Her whole body was tense from the effort, and even speaking was proving to be very difficult, her voice tight and strained.

“Benson, what’s the matter with you?” the sergeant snapped as Clara stumbled and stammered her way through an answer. “Stop mumbling and speak up!”

“Y-yes, sergeant!” Clara exclaimed in response, going red in the face at the reprimand. She cleared her throat, trying so hard to keep her voice free of the tension and desperation she was suffering at that moment. In between every question, she sat in total concentration, building up the strength to get through her answer in one go, trying to keep her voice from shaking. This continued on for the next fifteen minutes, and somehow, miraculously, Clara managed to get through without sparking another outburst from her superior.

She was utterly thankful when the sergeant announced the end of her questioning and said there would be nothing else for them to do than to just wait out the rest of the ride. The job certainly wasn’t done yet, though, not for Clara. There was just over half an hour left until they arrived, and this final leg of the journey was going to be the most difficult.

Clara crossed her legs tightly and clasped the sides of her chair with her hands, looking imploringly up at the ceiling as if begging to the heavens. Please, oh please, let me make it. Hurry up, Arthur, please go faster… Her bladder was so incredibly full, weighing down heavily on her poor, overloaded sphincter, threatening to crack it open. Her urine seemed to have crawled to the very tip of her urethra, just one little push away from being burst forth into her white cotton panties. Crossing her legs even tighter, she stifled a groan as a huge wave of desperation overcame her, bobbing her legs rapidly up and down while she pressed her clenched fists against her soft thighs.

“Are you alright, Clara?” Jane whispered suddenly from beside her, looking at her with a hint of concern on her face.

“What? Oh, yeah – no, I’m totally fine!” Clara answered back hurriedly with a flustered half-smile. “I’m… just a bit tired, that’s all.” She tried to act unbothered, not wanting her embarrassing plight to be revealed to everyone. Jane nodded slowly, seemingly accepting the response, and thankfully didn’t pester her anymore. Clara knew she simply couldn’t keep her movements hidden any more, she was absolutely bursting.

Come on, come on, come onnnn… Clara was practically counting the seconds in her head, her thighs feverishly swinging back and forth across her chair so fast that the friction was generating considerable heat underneath her. She could feel her bladder throbbing with pain inside of her, sending major warning signals to her brain as it reached its maximum capacity. Its time was quickly approaching, there was no doubt about it. But it would have to wait, there was no other way, Clara was not going to loosen her control until she got to a toilet. It wouldn’t be so long now, just fifteen more minutes until they arrived.

Clara’s feet were practically tap-dancing underneath the table as her movements grew utterly frantic, only growing in vigor with each passing minute. It felt like there was a volcano at the base of her crotch, ready to blow open with red hot lava, spewing and cascading all over the place in a spectacular fashion. Oh my god… Her face contorted in desperation as violent push from her bladder seized her out of nowhere, panicking as she felt her defenses being overwhelmed. Just for a second, she felt urine flowing in her urethra as a few drops burst through her quivering pee hole into her underwear. She tightened her thighs together harder than she thought was humanly possible, firmly clamping off the opening. Within a few seconds, the force slowly ebbed away, but the fiery burning between her legs was stronger than ever.

Clara genuinely couldn’t remember a time when she had been this desperate. She was on the brink, her bladder screaming at her, its walls being stretched past its normal size as her relentless kidneys pumped more and more urine into it. The poor girl sat there in absolute misery, tears forming in her eyes as she endured this horrible torture, with no reprieve in sight. Her cheeks were flushed pink, glistening with sweat from the gargantuan effort she was putting in to delay the inevitable in whatever way possible. Her tight pants dug painfully into the swollen bulge sticking out of her abdomen, worsening the pressure on her sphincter even more. She buried her left hand deep into her crotch and crossed her right leg over it, praying that she wouldn’t be noticed.

And then, for a second time that day, the boat began to slow. Clara’s heart leapt at the sensation, because this was the moment she’d been so desperately waiting and praying for for the past hour. At long last, they had arrived at the base, and Clara’s miserable journey was about to come to an end. Oh yes, oh my god! Oh, please, let’s goo… Both her clenched fists were pressed up against the base of her thighs, her knees glued together like magnets as they jerked up and down furiously. Just a little bit longer, she was so close…

The sergeant stood up as the boat came to a stop. “Time to go. Be ready, the commander will be waiting for us.” She began making her way up the stairs, and the students rose from the table and followed suit. As they reemerged on the deck, the sudden exposure to the cold air once again caused a very unwanted response from her bladder, and Clara winced as another spurt escaped, dampening her panties even more. Unable to hold herself out in full view of everyone, she jammed her legs together, hoping, praying, that the sudden urge would fade and spare her the biggest humiliation of her life.

Thankfully, it did, and for the time being she held on. She must’ve looked like an idiot as she hobbled along taking tiny little dwarf steps, but it was the only thing that prevented the tsunami within her from pouring out. One thing was for certain, she had to find a toilet very soon. She suddenly panicked as she thought about the meeting, wondering if the commander was going to drag them there immediately. She couldn’t go, she wouldn’t. She’d have to ask for a bathroom, no matter how embarrassing it may be; nothing would be worse than the shame of wetting herself in front of such an important figure.

One by one, they climbed down from the boat onto the dock below, a task which required Clara to separate her thighs, much to her chagrin. Each step down the ladder was a monumental feat, her muscles clenched as hard as humanly possible; even then, pee leaked out with each bump, and it was through some miracle that she managed to keep the rest of it at bay.

Thankfully, the main building in which they were to meet with the commander was set close to the water’s edge, just about a hundred-foot walk from the boat. Clara stared at it in impatient longing, knowing that within those walls was salvation, sweet, delicious relief, so, so close. Her thighs chafed together with every step; she didn’t dare separate her legs even for a moment. She was so utterly desperate, her bladder filled to the absolute brim, not an ounce of space left inside, pushing so heavily against her poor, exhausted sphincter that she wanted to cry from the pain. Her every breath was labored, her brows beaded with sweat. Every second lasted an eternity. Yet she continued, step by step, one foot in front of the other.

And then they were inside. Standing within the lobby area as they entered was Commander Stallard herself, waiting to greet the new arrivals. This was the hard part. The three recruits immediately stood still at attention as the sergeant and the commander exchanged words. Normally such a natural and easy task, keeping herself still was now a damn near impossibility for Clara by this point. Her knees bobbed back and forth, practically of their own accord, while she desperately tried to keep the movements as subdued as possible.

“And these must be your students.” The commander, having finished her conversation with the sergeant, now turned her attention to the three young women waiting behind her. “It is a pleasure to meet you.” Clara stood there trying not to pee herself as the commander shook her hand, focused so completely on not flooding her pants that she forgot to even smile, squeezing her hand too hard and shaking with far too much haste. I don’t have time for this! Oblivious to her condition, the commander took her time as she bid hello to each one of them individually, while Clara stood, starting to bend over at the waist as the pain reached unbearable levels, about to explode at any moment.

Tears welled in her eyes as total agony tore through her body, and she had to stifle a whimper as she was ravaged by the intensity of her bladder. All this time, Clara had refused to be broken down, fueled by her pride and sheer will. Officers were supposed to be strong, they were supposed to hold themselves up through times of hardship, no matter what it may be. But everyone had their limits, and Clara was at hers.

“Well, now that everyone’s here, why don’t we get things started?” the commander suggested. “The main conference room is right down there, at the end of the hall.” She indicated a set of double wooden doors down the corridor. No, please, not yet, Clara thought in panic. I need a bathroom, please let there be a bathroom, anywhere…

The commander, who had turned to lead them into the conference room, suddenly paused and looked back. “Oh, I almost forgot!” She turned to face the three students. “Recruits, can one of you run to my office and grab the brown box on my table? It contains some documents I’ll need for the meeting.”

Clara’s eyes widened, her heart pounding in her chest. This was her chance, she had to take it. It would be the perfect opportunity to go looking for a bathroom. Perhaps the commander might get suspicious at her tardiness afterwards, but Clara couldn’t care less about that right now. Hardly even pausing to think, she opened her mouth and blurted out, “Yes, commander, I can do it!”

“Ah, excellent, thank you Miss Benson. My office is down that way and around the corner; it’ll be the second door on your left.” She pointed to the direction opposite the conference room. Nodding hurriedly in acknowledgement, Clara immediately sped off down the hallway, walking as fast as she possibly could given her condition. She heard the others turning and going in the other direction, feeling thankful to be alone at last. Unable to contain herself, she shoved her entire right hand deep into her crotch and squeezed, grasping the fabric and pushing up against her urethra. She felt the wetness that had seeped out from her previous leaks and knew that it was nothing but a tease of the waterfall that lay within. Come on, come on, where’s the bathroom?!

She whipped around the corner, looking around frantically, hoping beyond hope for any sign of a toilet. It had to be here, it had to. Walking right past the commander’s office, she clambered down the hallway, sighing in frustration at every step. Turning down an adjacent corridor, she continued her desperation search, only to come up empty handed as she reached its dead-end. She wanted to scream. How could there not be a single bathroom here?!

She groaned as another massive bladder contraction sent an overwhelming surge of desperation through her body. Bending over at the waist with her legs crossed, she shoved both her hands between her tender thighs, gasping for air. Oh my god…

For one wild moment, she considered just ripping her pants down right there, squatting by the wall and just letting it all go, damn the consequences. It was just so painful, so utterly excruciating. But she couldn’t, she knew that. There was no chance she’d get away with it, and her entire career would be finished if she was caught. She ground her teeth, straining her muscles as she forced herself to stumble back down the corridor. She must’ve missed something, she had to try again. Step by step, she made her way down, then turned back into the main hallway in the direction of the commander’s office —

— and came face to face with the commander herself.

“Miss Benson, there you are! I was worried you’d gotten lost.”

“Commander!” Clara gasped, caught completely by surprise. She fought to straighten herself, once again trying and failing to stand still as she stood there with her fists clenched at her side. “I – I’m sorry, I was just – I was…” She had no idea what to say. But as she stood there, her bladder fuller than it had ever been in her entire life, feeling yet another spurt of pee shooting out into her already wet underwear, she knew she no longer had a choice. However embarrassing it may be, she had to confess her predicament, because the alternative would be complete and utter humiliation.

Drawing in a shaky, labored breath, Clara uttered, “I’m s-sorry, commander, I was just… I was just looking for the restrooms… I need…” Her voice trailed off as her throat tightened out of sheer urgency.

“I see.” Clara stared at the commander in apprehension, wondering how she was going to react. But then she smiled. “Well, in that case, you should’ve just gone to my office.” She turned on her heels. “Come with me.” Hardly knowing what was going on anymore, Clara staggered after her, both her heart and her bladder pounding inside her. As they reached the office, the commander held the door open for her, and the two stepped inside.

“I actually came back to get my pen,” explained the older woman as she strode over to the desk. “Then I saw you weren’t here, so I thought I’d go look for you.” Clara stood listening, although at this point she didn’t even attempt to remain still; her knees swung violently back and forth, the fabric of her trousers making an audible rustle as they brushed past each other.

The sound didn’t go unnoticed by the commander, whose eyes glanced over the restless legs of the young recruit standing half-bent in front of her. With a slight hint of amusement, she raised her right hand, indicating an unmarked door on the left wall of the room. “I believe that’s what you were looking for.” Clara eyed the door, her heart pounding harder than ever as she realized what was behind it. “Go ahead, Miss Benson, you have my permission,” the commander added, noticing Clara’s hesitation.

That was all Clara needed to hear. She barged forward, grasped the silver doorknob, and threw the door open, revealing the bathroom within. The sight of the toilet inside almost caused her to burst into tears of happiness; the one thing she needed more than anything at that moment, and it was here at last. Shoving the door closed, Clara staggered back to the toilet while her fingers clawed feverishly at her belt, ripping at the metal clasp as she fought to undo it on time. With every second, her muscles grew weaker, and she could feel warm dribbles starting to snake her way down her thighs. Come on come on come on! She gasped with every breath as her left hand alternated between tugging at her belt and grabbing her crotch in her desperate attempts to hold on. She couldn’t lose control now, not while she was literally standing in front of the toilet!

After a violent yank, the belt came free at last, and Clara danced in place as she grabbed at the button, her thighs pressed together tightly. With one final burst of effort, her shaking fingers undid the button and ripped down the zipper. Already starting to pee, she grasped the sides of the waistband, tore down her trousers, followed immediately by the cotton panties underneath, and slammed her bare thighs down onto the toilet seat.

Complete and total bliss enveloped Clara’s body as a monstrosity of a stream roared into the bowl below. Her shoulders slumped, head fell back, eyelids drooped closed, and an involuntary moan of absolute relief and pleasure escaped her open mouth. Hours and hours of holding and pain finally released, a feeling so powerful and amazing that she could’ve cried. She sat there panting as an absolute storm poured out of her, the noise so loud it sounded as if she were peeing a hole through the toilet.

For a full minute, she peed, and then some before the stream even began to slow. By the time it finally stopped it had been over a minute and a half. Even after she was done, she continued to sit there, not moving, breathing slowly and heavily as she recovered from the ordeal that her body had just suffered through. She felt light-headed, both from sheer relief and disbelief at the fact that she’d actually made it, an outcome that had seemed highly unlikely towards the end. As unlucky as she’d been that day, at least something had gone right for her, even if it was at the very end.

With one last sigh, Clara collected herself and began to clean up, knowing she couldn’t keep the commander waiting. After wiping herself down and drying up the wet spots of her urine on the floor, she flushed the toilet and glanced at her reflection on the mirror. She was glad to see that nothing was visible on her pants as they were dark enough to hide the small wet spot on them. Through some miracle, she’d managed to avoid disaster. Turning the doorknob, she swung open the door and stepped back into the office, where the commander stood waiting.

“Long trip, huh?” she commented with little smile.

Clara blushed, realizing that the commander had heard the absolute torrent she had just produced in the little room behind her. “Yes, it was,” she admitted shyly, her eyes suddenly very interested on the floor patterns by her feet.

“Sure sounded like it,” Commander Stallard replied, a note of humor in her voice. She grabbed the box of papers on her table, then carried it over to Clara.

“Next time, I’ll send a boat with a toilet.” The commander winked, smiling as she handed the box to the still-embarrassed Clara, and swept out of the office.

The End

