Stranded - Fall 2022 Writing Contest Submission

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2022-10-30 09:41

Jess reclined back in her deck chair, taking in the sun and the peaceful sounds of the woods around her. It was just after 1 in the afternoon and the weather was warm, unseasonably warm for early September, not that she minded.

Jess and her friends had rented out a cabin in the woods for the weekend. The idea was to have one last carefree trip of the summer before school and work commitments pulled everyone in different directions.

Right now, Jess was waiting for her companions to wake up and get ready for the day. They were not morning people like she was. Jess took advantage of that time to take a walk through the woods and enjoy the peace and quiet away from the city. Jess idly sipped from her water bottle as she waited.

After a few minutes, one of Jess’s friends, Aaron, burst out of the cabin with a large cooler in his arms.

“Ready to set sail?” He asked.

“I’ve been ready all morning, just waiting for you guys.” Jess responded as she stood up.

The two headed down the steep hill toward the dock where the afternoon’s activity awaited. The cabin overlooked a large lake. Included in their rental was a small motorboat for guests to use. The plan was to spend a few hours on the lake with some drinks and take in the sights.

Jess wasn’t exactly impressed when she got to the water. The boat wasn’t the newest or most flashy bit of machinery. The paint was chipped in a lot of places, some of the seats were torn, and it had some dents near the driver’s seat. Still, it had enough room for all four of them and a canopy to keep them out of the sun. As long as it could start, the appearance didn’t matter.

Jess stepped uneasily into the boat as it rocked against the gentle waves of the lake. As soon as she found her footing, the whole boat shook and the cooler impacted against the deck with a loud “thud!”

“Aaron!” Jess shouted, “You nearly knocked me overboard.”

“Oh, no, how tragic.” Aaron mocked as he lowered himself into the boat, “Little miss lifeguard might have to swim.”

“It’s not the same!” Jess responded, “This isn’t a pool. You’ve got no idea what kind of stuff might be in this lake.”

“Oh, yeah, there might be sea monsters.” Aaron joked.

“Shut up, you know what I meant.” Jess laughed, playfully splashing some water out of her bottle onto Aaron’s face.

“Hey, don’t make me separate you two!” Mike called out as he approached the boat, a box full of snacks in tow.

“You guys got everything?” He asked as Jess helped lower the box into the boat.

Jess quickly checked her pockets to make sure she had her phone and keys. She checked her water bottle, it was a little over halfway full. The sloshing water reminded her of something…

Before Jess could say anything, she heard Mike shouting back toward the cabin, “Come on, Marie! We’re almost ready.”

“Sorry!” The girl called back as she scampered through the back door.

“What took you?” Aaron asked as Marie gingerly lowered herself into the boat.

“I wanted to make one last pit stop before our afternoon booze cruise.”

Jess nodded. Maybe it wouldn’t be a bad idea to go to the bathroom before going out on the water, but everyone was already here. It would be rude to make them wait even longer. Besides, she didn’t have to pee that badly.

“Everyone ready?” Mike asked, taking his spot at the captain’s seat.

The group cheered in response.

The motor sputtered a few times as Mike tried to get things going. On his third attempt, it managed to chug to life. With that, they were off, gliding over the surface of the lake.

It wasn’t long before they cracked open the cooler and started in on the drinks.

After a few laps around the lake, Mike found a spot with a nice view and calm waters and coasted to a stop. He cut the engine and turned his seat around to join the group. He took a huge gulp of his beer, seemingly trying to catch up with everyone else, who were each a full bottle down by this point.

For a while, the group sat there and relaxed, chatted, and enjoyed the occasional wildlife that would scamper along the shore or jump out of the water.

Jess continued to intersperse her hard cider with large drinks from her water bottle. She had learned from her college friends that proper hydration while drinking was essential.

Two hours and two more hard ciders later, the snacks were gone and the cooler was nearly empty. The once pleasant heat was starting to become uncomfortable and the conversation was dying down.

“We about ready to move this party somewhere else?” Mike asked.

“Yes!” Jess shouted, much louder than she had intended.

While the boredom and heat was certainly a factor, Jess had a much more pressing reason to return to shore. She needed to pee. Badly. It wasn’t a full blown emergency just yet, but it had gotten to the point where she was having trouble thinking about anything else.

Thankfully, the others didn’t seem to notice Jess’s outburst. They also agreed that it was time to get back to solid ground.

Mike tried to start the engine. It sputtered a couple times, then went completely silent. He let out a frustrated grunt as he turned the key again to no response.

“Let me check it out.” Aaron said, climbing to the back of the boat. Jess had no idea if he knew what he was doing, but she really hoped so.

She heard some clicks and clanging, then suddenly…

BOOM!

Jess jolted forward in her seat. Her thighs tightened together to prevent a startled leak from coming out.

Everyone looked back to see Aaron standing next to the now smoking engine.

“What the hell did you do?” Mike asked.

“I just tried what the old man told us to do. I pulled the cord, and it just… broke.”

“Ok. So now what do we do?” Marie asked.

“We could swim to shore.” Aaron suggested.

“Not a chance!” Jess responded, “Especially not in this outfit.” She added, gesturing to her shorts and loose t-shirt.

“We can’t just leave the boat out here.” Marie said, “Besides, we’d need to find a way to get all our stuff to shore.”

“Fair point.” Aaron conceded, slumping into his seat.

Mike looked around the boat, “Doesn’t look like there are any paddles, either.”

Jess felt panic begin to set in. They were stuck, and there was no telling how long it would take for them to get unstuck. She could still hold it for a little longer, but definitely not all day. Even worse, with them being in the middle of the water like this, there weren’t any other options. She either had to wait for rescue or pee herself.

“Oh!” Mike perked up, “I have Mr. Atkins’s number. I’ll give him a call. He’s got to have something for times like this.”

“But if he thinks we broke the boat, we might lose our security deposit!” Aaron whined.

“Well, it’s that or hope the current eventually runs us aground. Which at this rate…” Mike glanced at the calm waters, “Might be some time next year.”

Jess let out a whimper. She didn’t want to lose her security deposit, but she also didn’t want to lose her pants.

“Yeah, let’s do it.” She said.

Mike stood at the front of the boat and took out his phone. After a couple seconds, he started talking to someone. That alone made Jess feel reassured. She didn’t want to think what might happen if they couldn’t get in touch with the owner.

While they waited, Marie pulled out the last two ciders from the cooler. She opened one herself and offered the other to Jess.

Jess took it without thinking, but paused before taking a sip. Was it really a good idea to add even more fluids to her system right now?

Marie tilted her head toward Jess. “You alright?” She asked.

Jess shook herself out of her daze. “Yeah, fine. Just… nervous, is all.” She concluded, taking a small drink from the bottle.

“Good. I didn’t want you getting seasick on us.”

The thought hadn’t even occurred to Jess. She was too busy trying to hold something else back. It was good to know nobody had picked up on her real dilemma.

After a few minutes, Mike hung up and addressed the group.

“Alright, so the good news is this won’t affect our security deposit. I guess the motor was going for a while, and Mr. Atkins thinks the last group might have done something to it.”

Everyone gave a sigh of relief.

“What’s the bad news?” Jess asked, nervously.

“...It’s going to be at least an hour before Mr. Atkins gets here to tow us to shore.”

Jess let out an involuntary squeak and curled up in her seat. Another hour? That was really going to push her limits.

Knowing rescue was so far away caused Jess’s desperation to spike. She was already in a tough spot, and there were still more drinks working their way through her system.

Jess looked around and saw Aaron checking the empty cooler.

“No more booze. That’s rough.” He said, throwing up his hands.

Jess looked at the drink in her hand. She had drunk less than a third of it, and even that seemed too much.

She shakily offered it to Aaron, “I don’t think I’m going to finish this. You can have it.”

“Cool, thanks.” He responded, readily grabbing the bottle from her hand.

At least that was one less problem Jess had to deal with.

Minutes passed as the group sat in relative silence. The rocking of the boat wasn’t helping Jess any more than the alcohol. The constant tipping and turning kept stirring around the lake within, slamming it up against the walls of her bladder. She tried to stabilize herself by planting both hands at her side, tightly gripping the bench, but it was small comfort at this point. That’s not even mentioning the constant sound of the gentle waves lapping against the boat.

Without realizing, Jess began to bounce her legs furiously against the deck.

“You good, Jess?” Mike asked.

The sound of her name caused Jess to jump. Her body stiffened as her bladder tried to take advantage of the distraction. Flexing her thighs together, Jess managed to stop the pee just short of coming out, but she wasn’t sure how much longer it would stay that way.

“Yeah, I’m fine.” Jess lied, her voice quivering.

“You know,” Aaron cut in, “if you have to pee, you could always go over the side of the boat…”

“Classy.” Marie said, dryly, glaring in his direction.

For a split second, Jess considered it. It would be disgusting. She would have to expose herself in front of her closest friends. But it would feel really good. She wouldn’t have to worry about holding it in until help arrived.

A slightly larger wave caused the boat to tip and made Jess lose balance in her seat. As she caught herself on the bench, she came back to her senses.

“First of all, gross.” Jess answered, trying her hardest to appear composed, “Second, I don’t think that would even work… Third, I said I’m fine.”

Jess crossed her arms for emphasis. At the same time, she crossed her legs, trying to make her holding efforts more subtle.

“Alright, just saying.” Aaron muttered.

Jess waited in that pose for a few moments, until her friends turned their attention elsewhere. Once they did, she switched her legs and clasped her hands over her knee, pulling back to discreetly add more pressure.

The other three started talking, but Jess remained in her own world. She couldn’t follow the conversation, she couldn’t watch the forest, she couldn’t do anything other than think about running off toward the cabin. She fantasized about dashing inside and seeing that tantalizing porcelain…

Jess shivered. She sat bolt upright and shuffled her legs again. That was close! She couldn’t afford to lose focus like that.

Jess quickly scanned the floor of the boat, trying to find something to distract herself. Her eyes fell on the cooler…

Sure, it was mostly filled with ice and water, but there weren’t any drinks left in it. It was pretty big. Maybe she could…

Jess shook her head. She couldn’t do that. It was even worse than trying to pee over the side of the boat. No, she just had to wait.

With any hopes of immediate relief dashed, the dull pain in Jess’s abdomen continued to grow. She leaned forward and lifted her legs onto the bench. This curled up position relieved some of the strain on her thighs. Now, if only she could relieve the muscles just above them.

Jess barely noticed Marie scoot up next to her.

“Are you sure you’re ok?” Marie whispered.

“Yeah, I’m just… restless.” Jess lied through clenched teeth. “I just… really want to get back to solid ground already.”

“It’s ok.” Marie said, sympathetically, “Mr. Atkins should be here any minute now.”

Marie gently patted Jess on the back. Even those minor impacts sent shockwaves through Jess’s body. The hits traveled through her kidneys and down to her bladder, upsetting the very delicate balance she was trying to maintain.

Jess slid her arms underneath her legs and to the top of her thighs, pressing her fists into her crotch. Dignity was out the window at this point. She didn’t care if her friends knew she needed to pee, she was going to do whatever it took to keep from flooding the boat.

Jess wasn’t sure how long she waited in that position. Time had lost all meaning at this point. All that existed right now was the contents of her bursting bladder and the small, tired ring of muscles preventing it from spilling out.

Suddenly, a ray of hope shone through.

“There he is!” Mike shouted.

Slowly, carefully, Jess lifted her head. Even that small movement sent waves of desperation through her body.

She blinked a few times to clear the tears from her eyes. Across the lake, there was an older man standing on shore. He was lowering a small boat from a trailer.

Jess smiled at the sight. Salvation was so close. Then, she lowered her head and squeezed her body again. She could feel a tingle in her nether region. Jess wasn’t done yet, she still had to maintain control a few minutes longer. The knowledge that this ordeal was almost done gave her the strength to keep holding out.

Jess heard a loud splash, then a motor gradually getting nearer. People were talking, but Jess couldn’t understand what they were saying.

After a few moments, Mike shouted “Alright! Good to go!” Then…

The entire boat jolted.

Jess squealed as she had to tear her hands away from her shorts to catch herself. At that moment, she felt a squirt escape into her underwear.

As soon as she had her balance, Jess returned her hands back to her pants. She couldn’t tell if the wetness she felt was from the leak or from the effort of holding for so long. It didn’t matter. She could still salvage this. It was just one leak. She hadn’t had an accident yet.

Making it to the bathroom in the cabin was a pipe dream at this point, but there were some bushes just a few feet from the dock. All Jess would need to do was dash behind them and she’d have all the privacy she needed.

The boat jolted again as it came to a sudden stop. Jess lost another spurt into her shorts. This time, she was sure she felt it splash onto her hands.

They were at the dock. Now, all Jess needed to do was get up, climb out of the boat, and run behind the bushes, then this would all be over..

Unfortunately, Jess was having trouble with the first part of that plan.

She had been curled up for so long, her entire body was cramping. She could barely move. Even if Jess did move, she wasn’t sure if she could continue to contain her torrent.

“It’s either stand up and take the risk, or wait here until you explode.” Jess whispered to herself.

She took in a deep breath and started to uncurl her legs.

Everything felt stiff. Jess was barely able to stand. Her steps were uneasy. Her hands maintained a constant, white knuckle grip between her legs as she slowly hobbled to the edge of the boat.

So far, so good. No more leaks. Now, there was just one more obstacle: the dock. Jess would need to spread her legs to lift herself out of the boat.

She paused for a few seconds. Relief awaited just on the other side of this step. It was now or never.

Jess took another deep breath and lifted her leg over the side of the boat.

Still good. Still in control.

She leaned forward and started to lift herself the rest of the way.

This was the final nail in the coffin.

As soon as Jess began to pull herself onto the dock, the floodgates opened, and a powerful stream burst out of her.

She hurried the rest of the way up. As soon as both feet were on dry ground, Jess twisted her legs together, dancing in place.

Jess temporarily regained control, but she no longer had the luxury of being careful. Throwing caution to the wind, Jess took off in a full sprint toward the bushes. With each step, more pee squirted out. That didn’t matter anymore. The end to her suffering was in sight.

Right as she reached the bushes, the dam burst. A mighty flood gushed forth into Jess’s pants.

She didn’t care. She knew trying to stop this was a losing battle.

Jess charged forward as the bushes scraped against her bare legs. Finally, she was in the clear.

Jess removed her drenched hands from between her legs and began to work on removing her shorts. Between the intense wetness and her trembling hands, Jess was having a hard time getting the button undone. As she fumbled around, her bladder continued to void its contents at full force.

After a few attempts, the button was freed! Jess felt a slight bit of relief as her waistband loosened.

She was able to get the zipper down without much struggle.

Jess slid her thumbs inside her shorts and panties. She spread her legs wide.

On her first attempt to pull her bottoms down, the piss saturated fabric clung to her legs. Jess’s pants and panties moved slightly, but stayed in the path of her stream.

With a second tug, she successfully freed her privates. She squatted down and…

Drip!

A single, pathetic spurt shot out of her.

As the adrenaline rush from her mad dash cooled, Jess began to realize what had happened. The heavy burden she was carrying was gone, but only a little bit made it onto the ground.

A breeze blew by and Jess felt a chill over her legs.

Everything below her waist was absolutely drenched. The insides of her legs were completely soaked. Several streams had wound their way around the outsides, too. Her feet were swimming inside her running shoes. Her palms were still dripping.

With a sense of dread, Jess looked down to inspect the damage.

Her once khaki shorts had turned a dark brown. Her pink panties were twisted into a dark and drenched mess. Several rivulets still clung to her butt.

Jess spent a few moments frozen in that crouched position. She took slow, deep breaths to try and regain her composure.

What now?

Sure, she was with friends, but they weren’t above laughing at such an embarrassing situation. She feared the jokes would never end. This was mortifying enough without witnesses.

As the panic began to settle, Jess glanced over at the dock. Everyone was gone except for Mr. Atkins, who was busy loading his boat onto the trailer.

Jess looked up the hill toward the cabin. No sign of anyone. Maybe they all went inside?

With the coast clear, this was her chance to get inside and get cleaned up without being seen.

Jess stood and yanked up her lower garments. She cringed as the damp fabric squished against her skin. She barely noticed the drops that wrung out of her clothes and down her legs. Jess didn’t bother to button or zip up her shorts. The drenched fabric was going to stick to her either way.

Ignoring the liquid rushing around her feet, Jess hurried up the hill. As she reached the door, she took one last look around. Still no one in sight.

Jess took off her shoes and socks at the door. She balled up her socks and shoved them in her pockets. Jess tried her best to dry the soles of her feet by wiping them on the stone patio. While she wanted to be quick, she didn’t want to track pee inside their rental cabin- at least, not more than she needed to. It would also be easier to sneak without her feet splashing against the floor.

Jess slid open the glass door and peeked inside. She didn’t see anyone. She could hear people talking in another room.

Jess slinked inside and quietly shut the door.

Then, she dashed as quickly and quietly as she could through the entrance, up the stairs, and into the open bathroom.

After closing and locking the door, Jess leaned against the wall with a deep sigh. She made it. If only she had made it to the bathroom ten minutes earlier.

Jess started the shower and peeled off her wet bottoms. Her clothes hit the floor with a damp smack. She spread out a towel on the floor and laid out her shorts, panties, and socks on top of it. That would have to do for now.

Jess took off her shirt and bra and stepped into the warm shower. As the clean water washed over her, her body relaxed for the first time in over an hour. She leaned against the wall and slid down until she was sitting on the shower floor.

It was weird. After everything that happened, Jess expected to feel embarrassed or anxious. Instead, she felt light. There, under the roar of the shower, she started laughing. All the tension was gone, she was free of her burden, it felt so good.

As Jess washed herself off, she felt another strong urge to pee. It seems not everything had left her system yet.

With a smile, Jess squatted over the shower drain and let loose, her stream mixing with the downpour of the shower and washing away. She sighed happily. Finally, Jess felt empty.

After cleaning herself up, Jess stepped out of the shower and looked down at her dirty clothes.

She wrapped them up in the towel and tried to wring it out.

Jess grabbed a clean set of clothes from her suitcase. She stashed the evidence of her accident down at the bottom. She would have to remember to wash them tomorrow morning when no one else was awake.

Finally clean and dressed in fresh clothes, Jess wrapped her hair in a towel and left the bathroom. Now it was time to face her friends.

She wasn’t sure how much they saw, but Jess was almost certain they knew what happened to her. At this point, she was ok with that. Everything that happened was beyond her control, no one could blame her. She had to admit, it was kind of funny for this to happen to a grown woman like her.

Jess found her friends in the living room, watching a movie. She grabbed a drink and joined them.

“Hey, Jess.” Marie greeted, “Are you alright?”

“Yeah…” Jess hesitated, “Just… got a little dirty, is all.”

“Sorry about that, didn’t know you got sea sick.” Mike said, much to her surprise.

“Uh… Yeah… Sorry.”

“No worries,” Aaron reassured, “I was feeling it, too. A little longer out there, I probably would have needed a shower, too.” He added with a knowing wink.

Jess smiled back at him before addressing the rest of the group, “Right. It’s probably best if I stick to solid ground for the rest of the weekend.”

“After what happened to the boat,” Mike said, “I think we’re all staying on dry land.”

Jess chuckled quietly. Hopefully, everything else would be staying dry this weekend, too.


