Toby the desperate bus driver

Author: Klup

*000*2022-05-26 17:44

Hello! It's your soon-to-be favorite Klup with its first omorashi fiction! This is just the first part, here in the same topic will be the continuation of poor Toby's story. So follow me and/or this topic! Let me know what do you want to see in this story) Plus the more praise I get, the sooner second part will be here Luvsss

English not native!

Toby regretted her decision to work as a bus driver so often that she forgot that she wasn't going to be on this job forever. Almost every day was a torture for her. She liked driving, she was very calm about traffic jams, passengers haven't bothered her, she had a good salary, but... This one fucking "but" was her main problem.

She had a very, very small bladder. And her bus route was one of the longest - almost an hour in one direction and another hour back. She wasn't able to stay for longer than five minutes there and she definitely wasn't able to pee somewhere but bus station back in center of the city. She tried once to ask her boss to change her route to another, shorter one, but was too embarrassed to answer why.

Her breath hitched when she trembled near the toilet door at the bus stop after a two hours ride. And that happened every time. No matter how she tried to reduce her water consumption, she always wanted to pee b a d l y after her routes.

The toilet was unisexual (she surprisingly rarely encountered sexism here), there were two different rooms with a lone toilet inside, which often caused a line especially in the end of the day. Thankfully, no one was here. Toby didn't have a shy bladder, but she didn't like any of her colleagues, because all of them were older than her and liked to tease her sometimes. Biting her lip, she hurriedly opened the door, squishing her thighs together, and closed the lock with trembling hands. Then she opened her fly, unbuttoned her jeans, thanks to her already unfastened belt. Seconds before sitting down always had been complete torture, she never knew, should she hold herself to stop the spasm, shooting through her body with piss into her underwear, or try and really, really fast move away all her clothes and finally release. Well, in both cases she usually had damp panties so it didn't matter.

This time she doesn't hold back a little whimper of need. She really wants to moan out loud, but she can't be sure that nobody will hear her. She knows from a very painful and desperate experience that doors here are NOT soundproof and people standing outside can hear very clear the sound of someone else's stream and/or voice.

She has no time to think now, especially about streams. Toby frantically puts down her pants and underwear in the same time, taking one sharp breath, and her bladder immediately reacts, her muscles tired of holding. She finally sits down on a toilet, with a little leak on the floor. Toby moans, blushing, happy that she survived another battle with natural needs.

She shivered with relieve, already feeling lighter, but not enough still. She felt like she wanted to go on forever.

And suddenly the door handle twiched. Toby stopped peeing, startled, her little bladder surely not empty enough. She was so relaxed and concentrated on her relief that she didn't hear someone walking here. Handle twitched again, and immediately someone knocked hurriedly.

'T-taken!' answered Toby, really nervous that this person won't leave her alone. She knew for certain that she wasn't even nesrly done, but wasn't able to pee again with someone knocking.

'Oh, c'mon, I can hear that you are done!' man behind a door sounded very desperate. Toby could hear little footsteps of potty dancing. 'Please, I need to piss, fuck!'

Toby felt so bad for him, poor man almost whining with need. So she stood up, telling her bladder that she will be back on the toilet very soon, and put on her clothes as fast as possible. She opened the door and swiftly left the room.

'Haha, I told you she would be here!'

Toby raised her gaze and saw her colleague, smiling at her.

'Great!' answered the desperate man and flew incide the toilet room, not even bothering to close the knob.

'Little pee baby,' teasingly said the man. Toby indeed was quite small, but in average female height.

'What do you want,' embarrassed, asked Toby. This man wasn't her boss, but she had to listen to him.

'Yeah, actually. Josh's bus broke, we need you to get on route immediately. I will tell the boss to compensate this... We already have too much complains about your route,' the man continued rambling, checking his phone and typing something on it. 'Josh should go after you, if they repair his bus in time.'

That was bad.

'I had plans on this break time...'

'Sorry, we really have no other choice,' the man sounded genuine. 'The compensation is quite good, believe me.'

'Okay,' Toby exhaled, 'Right now?'

'Yeap,' man checked his watches. 'No, two minutes ago.'

Toby smiled nervously to herself. She turned around, threw a long needy gaze at the toilet door frow which the sound of a strong stream still came, and realised that she was going on a wild and painful ride. She gulped and, trying to calm herself, hurried towards the buses.

Bladder: 30% full.

*003*2022-05-27 01:08

{{4 hours ago, nappypants said:

I haven’t heard of Toby as a girl’s name before…

}}

Me too

