Samantha's pregnancy ultrasound (fictional story)

Author: Karly_cr

*000*2023-05-01 09:53

Date: July 16, 2005 - Samantha woke up and put on her glasses and walked into the bathroom, stopping in front of the mirror, admiring her almost 9 month pregnant belly. She then goes pee and walks back to her bedroom, takes off her pajamas and returns to the bathroom to take a shower. Samantha turns on the water, she returns to the mirror and admires her belly some more. Samantha steps into the shower, the warm water dripping down her stomach reminding her of her ultrasound later today. Samantha washes her body, turns off the water and steps out of the shower, she feels a tingle in her bladder, she sits down on the toilet now doubting her ability to hold it for her ultrasound.

Samantha dries herself off with the towel and returns to her bedroom to get dressed, she put on some red lace panties, tight fitting jeans, a white tank top and a red plaid button up shirt. She managed to fit the jeans and put on a belt, She puts on the white tank top that can barely contain her bigger boobs, finally she put on the red plaid button up shirt but is unable to do up all the buttons due to her pregnant belly. "It's fine, it's warm in here anyway" says Samantha.

@@Samantha then walks to the kitchen table and reads the ultrasound requirements, the note reads: For your ultrasound please drink 1 liter, 32 ounces of water 1 hour before your ultrasound and DO NOT pee until your ultrasound is complete and the ultrasound tech says you can. Samantha sighed and went into the fridge, grabbed the water pitcher and poured herself 4 glasses of water and began to drink them, one after another, entering her body. She walks down the hall and shuts her bathroom door and puts an *out of order* sign on the door to discourage her from using it when the need gets bad. She then opened youtube up on her computer to pass the time and distract herself from the water she just drank, just then she began to feel a tingle in her bladder, "Fuck... Already" Samantha said, as time passed the tingle grew to a steady urge but nothing she couldn't hold, yet. Pretty soon it was time for her to leave for her ultrasound, she grabbed her phone, wallet and car keys, walked to her front door and put on some white flip flops because she didn't want to tie her shoes. She then headed out the door to her car, got into the driver's seat, put on her seatbelt and with her belly almost touching the steering wheel she began the 10 minute drive to the small town ultrasound clinic, the seatbelt across her belly and the bumps in the road making her need greater. After 10 minutes of driving and subconscious leg crossing she arrived at the clinic.

@@She, parked her car and walked inside and into the waiting room, she signed in at reception, "I'm here for my ultrasound" Samantha said, "Alright, sign here" the receptionist replied. Samantha signed it and then sat down in the waiting room with 3 other desperate pregnant women, The woman sitting across from Samantha was fighting like hell not to pee, crossing legs, pee dance, hunched over, grabbing her crotch furiously, sweating and crying, the woman then stood up and very slowly walked over to the receptionist desk and said "is my scan soon, I am going to explode any second". "Can you seriously not hold it in, your scan is soon so tough it out, go sit down" The receptionist replied loud enough for everyone to hear. The bursting woman slowly walked back to the waiting room, Samantha motioned to her to sit in the empty seat next to her. The woman did, sitting down but shifting and squirming like crazy, "How far along are you?" Samantha asked. "Six months" the woman replied through tears and groans. "What is your name?" Samantha asked. "Rebecca" the woman replied. "How long have you been waiting for your scan?" Samantha asked. "Two hours" Rebecca replied, "two hours, you must be unimaginably full" Samantha said, "I am" cried Rebecca.

Just then a woman came into the waiting room in scrubs, "Rebecca, time for your scan" the woman said. "About time" Rebecca cried as she stood up and followed the woman to a room.

Samantha was getting desperate, fidgeting, squirming, crossing legs, holding crotch. Another woman in scrubs came into the room. "Samantha, time for your scan" the woman said. Samantha got up and followed the woman to the ultrasound room. "Did you drink the liter of water?" The woman asked. "Yes I did" Samantha replied.

@@The tech introduces herself as Amanda. Amanda and Samantha entered the ultrasound room, the scanner and jell all set up. "Alright Samantha, hop up on the table, remove your pants, lower your panties and lift up your shirt" Amanda said. Samantha removed her pants and layed down on the table, lifting her shirt exposing her very big belly. Amanda placed more jell than necessary and began to scan Samantha's belly, Samantha groaned as Amanda put more pressure on Samantha's lower belly, "I have to pee so bad" Samantha said as she crossed her legs. Amanda continued to scan and Samantha continued to hold it, struggling more and more. After 45 minutes of desperate scanning "Roll onto your right side" Amanda said, Samantha rolled over leaking slightly, "I really can't hold it in" Samantha said as she fought hard to hold it. Amanda scanned the side of Samantha's belly. "Roll onto your left side" Amanda said sternly, Samantha rolled over to her left side, a bigger leak escaping. "Please I'm leaking, I can't hold it much longer" Samantha cried and squirmed. "HOLD STILL" Amanda yelled as she scanned Samantha's left side. "Wait here while I get another doctor" Amanda said as she left the room, Samantha rolled onto her back again as a few more leaks escaped , "Fuck Fuck Fuck please hurry back" Samantha cried as she grabbed her crotch and squirmed. Not to long after another doctor entered the room with Amanda and introduced herself as Pamela. Pamela Put on some gloves and placed her hand on Samantha's lower belly and pushed, Samantha squeezed her legs shut hard as she leaked. "Almost done Samantha" Pamela said as she finished scanning. "Alright, you are done, let me wipe that jell off and you can go pee" Pamela said happily. "About fucking time, I'm going to explode soon, get that jell off me" Samantha exclaimed, "calm down Samantha" Pamela replies. "Calm down? I have been holding a full bladder for a long time while you pushed on my belly, you try holding this much pee during pregnancy while someone pushes on your belly" Samantha yelled. Pamela harshly wipes the jell off Samantha's belly. "Here is your pants now leave, you can change in the bathroom" Pamela demanded. Samantha slowly got up and off the table, walked out the door to the ultrasound room, her red lace panties in full view as she slowly walks down the hall to the washroom hoping no one was in there. Halfway down the hall Samantha feels a overpowering contraction in her bladder causing her to double over and furiously grab her crotch, groaning she continues down the hall, holding back the flood with all her strength and then some. Samantha finally reaches the bathroom door, opening it and hurriedly locking it. Samantha stands up straight and pulls down her panties and sprints to the toilet losing it as she sits down, her pee exploding out like a pressure washer for 2 straight minutes, the feeling is almost orgasmic. After her hard stream of pee stops, she smiles and is proud of herself for holding it in. She stands up, pulls up her panties and puts on her jeans, tightening the belt around her massive belly. She then washed her hands and walked out of the bathroom door and out of the clinic.

*001*2023-05-02 19:43

She did make it.

