Kid_Omo's Omovember 2022 Shorts

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2022-11-05 02:27

Greetings, all. it was brought to my attention that there is a special challenge for creators in our community this month. The specific list of Omovember prompts I'm using can be found here

.

Between my writing style and my schedule for this month, I knew I wouldn't be able to do 30 stories in any reasonable amount of time, so I modified the challenge a little. Instead, I'm going to pick 1 prompt from each week and write a story from that (though, if I can incorporate more than one, I will try). So, that's 5 stories in 5 weeks.

Some may be fanfiction, some will involve original characters. I already have some initial plans, but I'm open to ideas and feedback. I will try to update tags as appropriate.

Anyway, y'all ain't here for an explanation, let's get on with the first week's story.

###

Week 1: Trying to Get Out of a Complicated Outfit

Alexi loved Halloween. What she loved most about it was the costumes. Unfortunately, once you’re an adult, the opportunity to wear a costume is much more rare. So, when she was invited to a Halloween party by her new friends at the local game store, she was ecstatic.

She resolved to take full advantage of the opportunity. Alexi was going to dress up as the original Harley Quinn design from Batman: the Animated Series. It was a personal favorite character of hers and an outfit she always thought was really cool. Alexi put her all into planning and preparing the costume to make sure it looked good through the entire party. She made sure to pre-wash and stretch the fabric, test various underclothes to make sure nothing would bunch up or look awkward, and buy waterproof makeup so she could eat and drink without smearing anything.

The one thing Alexi hadn’t accounted for was how difficult it was to unzip a full body suit by yourself, especially while wearing gloves. A fact she wished she had thought of before drinking so much punch. And a fact she really wished she had thought of before waiting 10 minutes in line for the bathroom.

Instead, here she was, standing in front of a clean and functional toilet with all the privacy she needed, desperately needing, but unable to pee because she couldn’t get this damn suit off.

Alexi pulled off her gloves and stretched her arms around, trying so hard to get a grip on the zipper just below her neck. Between her panic and constant potty dance, this proved to be an impossible task.

After a few minutes of struggle, Alexi was interrupted by a knock at the door. She was reminded that other people were waiting. Alexi decided her struggle to do this on her own was pointless. If she wanted to keep her costume clean, she was going to need some help.

To keep up the illusion that she had actually used the bathroom, Alexi flushed the toilet and ran the sink- a sight which did nothing to help her current dilemma.

Alexi left the bathroom just in time for a woman in an elegant vampire dress to shove past her and slam the door.

Alexi drew on all her willpower to force herself to straighten up and walk away from the bathroom at a normal pace. The last thing she wanted was for anyone to notice she hadn’t actually peed, despite occupying the bathroom for several minutes.

After rounding the corner, Alexi paused in the relative privacy of the doorway. She leaned over and held herself, taking in a few deep breaths.

She peeked around the corner and scanned the crowd in the main room. If she was going to ask for help, she needed someone she trusted. More importantly, she needed someone she didn’t mind seeing her almost completely naked. Thankfully, she spotted just such a person.

Across the floor stood Layla, Alexi’s girlfriend of the past four months. She had arrived late, so Alexi hadn’t seen her come in. Layla was wearing an absolutely stunning Cleopatra costume. If she weren’t about to explode, Alexi would have stopped to admire this beauty.

Taking quick, but careful, steps, Alexi navigated across the floor to her girlfriend. She tapped Layla on the shoulder to get her attention.

“Oh, ‘Lex, there you are! Good to see you, luv.” Layla greeted in that accent Alexi so adored. She pulled Alexi into a hug.

Alexi bit her lip and lightly wrapped one arm around Layla. Normally, she would enjoy this affectionate display, but right now, Layla was pressing hard on her bladder.

Once they let go, Alexi asked, “Hey, can I talk to you for a second?”

Layla scanned her face and frowned, “Yeah. Sure.”

The women excused themselves from their group of friends and sidled over to an empty spot near the wall.

“Everything alright?” Layla asked, concerned.

“Well… kind of. Not really.” Alexi said, awkwardly fighting between not wanting her girlfriend to worry and wanting to communicate the urgency of the situation.

“It’s just… Can you come to the bathroom with me?” Alexi blurted out. “...I can’t get the zipper down on my own…”

“Oh.” Layla responded, looking over her girlfriend while she danced in place. “Yeah, of course.”

The duo left the main room and headed toward the bathroom.

As soon as they entered the hallway, Alexi froze in place, doubling over. The only thing stronger than her urge to pee was her terror at the sight of the long line of people waiting. There were six people standing outside the bathroom door, some of whom looked quite impatient themselves. Even assuming everything went smoothly, Alexi estimated she would have to wait at least 10 more minutes. Probably longer.

Alexi tugged on her girlfriend’s arm.

“Hey, you’ve been here before. Is there another bathroom?” She whispered, “I don’t think I can wait much longer.” She added, staring at Layla with pleading eyes.

Layla thought for a moment and frowned.

“Sorry, there is another one in the upstairs bedroom, but Dave keeps that locked ever since he caught Sam and Lee shacking up in there last year.”

Alexi didn’t say anything in response. She only whimpered and continued to bob up and down, thighs clenched tightly together.

Layla patted the desperate girl’s shoulder. “Wait here a moment.” Was all she said before dashing off.

Alexi had no idea what was happening, but she really hoped that meant Layla had a plan. Maybe she was asking Dave for the bedroom key? That would be really embarrassing, but so would peeing herself all over his floor.

Alexi shifted from one foot to the other, waiting for her girlfriend to reappear. She watched the queue for the bathroom, which was not moving at all.

After about a minute, Layla swung around the corner with her bag over her shoulder. She grabbed Alexi’s arm and pulled her further down the hallway.

That sudden movement caused Alexi to let out a small squeak. She shoved her free hand into her crotch to make sure that was all she let out while struggling to match her girlfriend’s pace.

They stopped in an empty hall next to a sliding glass door.

“What are you doing?” Alexi asked, resuming her desperate dance.

“There’s a spot in the yard between the fence and some bushes that’s totally hidden. You should be able to pop a squat there without anyone seeing.”

Alexi was so stunned she stopped moving.

“You want me to pee on the side of his house?” She hissed.

“Ideally, you’d aim away from the house.” Layla shrugged, “But yeah.”

Alexi stared at her. Sure, this was an emergency, but peeing outside? In her friend’s yard, no less?

“Unless you want to try the queue and risk walking home in wet knickers.”

Alexi glanced down the hall. She wasn’t sure she could even make it to the bathroom door, much less wait in line. She shivered at the thought.

“Ok.” She relented. “But you’re sure it’s safe?”

“As long as you’re quick, I promise, no one will notice.”

Alexi couldn’t imagine going slow at a time like this.

Layla slid the door open and scanned the yard. It was empty and mostly dark, lit only by the nearby street lights. She stepped outside and beckoned her bursting girlfriend to follow. Alexi waddled after her, both hands firmly between her thighs.

Layla shut the door, then led Alexi to a corner of the yard. Directly beneath one of the windows was a small patch of dirt enclosed by the bushes, the house, and the fence with just enough room for a person to squat down.

“Ok, luv, turn around and let’s get that costume off before you wee yourself.”

Alexi didn’t have time to complain about Layla’s choice of words. She just stood in the dirt, facing the side of the house, trying to stay as still as possible to make Layla’s job easier.

She felt Layla’s hands sliding against her upper back, sending tingles down Alexi’s spine. Usually, this was a good thing. Right now, it just made her want to let go even more.

“Where’s the zipper?” Layla asked.

“Under the neck ruffles. There’s a flap that covers it.”

Alexi felt Layla reach under her collar.

“Got it!” Layla shouted.

“Please hurry!” Alexi pleaded. She twisted her legs together. Her breathing became heavier. A chill ran through her entire body. This was going to be close.

The zipper smoothly glided down Alexi’s back. The fabric loosened its grip on her.

“You’re good to go!” Layla said with a chuckle.

“Keep a lookout, ok?”

“Of course. It’s my job to preside over the Nile.” Layla joked.

Alexi didn’t process that quip. She didn’t have the time.

Alexi grabbed the fabric around her shoulders and began pulling the bodysuit down as quickly as possible. The top half came off without much resistance, leaving Alexi’s upper body exposed aside from the detached hood and a sports bra.

Now, there was one last big hurdle to clear. In order to get the outfit the rest of the way down, Alexi would need to spread her legs. She was afraid her clenched thighs were the only thing holding back the flood.

Alexi took a deep breath and shoved her right hand down the front of her costume. She slid her hand over the front of her panties and held on for dear life.

With her left arm, Alexi grabbed a handful of the spandex between her legs. In a flash, she parted her legs and pulled her costume down to her knees.

Alexi wrapped the empty part of the suit around her left arm and held it up as high as she could, hoping to keep it clear of the splash zone.

With one last, deep, breath, Alexi pulled down her underwear, exposing her quivering womanhood just in time for a spurt of pee to shoot onto the ground.

Alexi used her right hand to lift her panties out of the way and fell into a deep squat. While she was still lowering herself, she lost her last bit of control.

A powerful stream exploded out of her, tracing a line in the dirt. Once Alexi was in position, the spray settled into an arc that reached nearly three feet in front of her.

Between the two women, the only sounds were the loud hiss of pee shooting out from between Alexi’s thighs and the roar of this urine impacting against the dirt. Soon, these sounds were joined by a scattered trickle as Alexi continued to expel liquid faster than the ground could absorb it.

Alexi held her breath as she tried to steady herself, making sure she held her clothes far enough away. It would be a shame for her to come so far and last so long, only for her clothes to fall into her raging torrent.

Once she was confident things were as safe as possible, Alexi looked down at the line of piss flying out of her. She was impressed by how much she had held in and how fast it was coming out. She could see a small divot carved in the dirt where it hit.

When she finally breathed out, Alexi’s whole body began to relax. She shivered as goosebumps covered her exposed flesh.

She leaned her head back and let out an involuntary moan.

“Oh, my! Don’t think I’ve heard you make that sound before.” Layla teased.

Alexi couldn’t respond. She was too busy balancing the pleasure of release with the need to keep her body in position. As good as it felt, she had to keep her aim true. Alexi couldn’t let herself get distracted and either fall over or drop her clothes.

The surge of urine kept its full pressure for half a minute. Afterward, the stream gradually began to slow down, losing strength and intensity. Alexi shifted her feet as the end of her spray drew closer to its source.

Finally, after what must have been more than a minute, Alexi’s waterfall reduced to a small trickle, then a slight drip. Alexi pushed out a few last spurts, then she finally felt empty.

She gave one last contented sigh. Alexi felt so much better. There was still a dull throb in her abdomen as her overworked bladder tried to recover. Her legs were starting to burn from squatting for so long. But her relief overpowered all of that.

Alexi lifted herself up slightly and glanced back at her girlfriend. Layla was already holding a package of tissues over her shoulder.

“Thank you.” Alexi said meekly.

Being careful not to drip on her costume, Alexi took a couple tissues and wiped herself.

“What do I do with these?” She asked.

“They’re biodegradable.” Layla answered, “Just chuck them behind the bushes, luv, they’ll wear away before anyone sees.”

“You’re always so prepared.” Alexi said in admiration of her girlfriend’s forethought.

Now that she was cleaned up, Alexi pulled her panties up and stood up. She took a few steps back to get clear of her puddle. She couldn’t help but be a little impressed at the small lake she managed to create.

“Your knickers still dry?” Layla asked as she helped her girlfriend zip her bodysuit back up.

“Y-yeah!” Alexi responded, indignantly.

“Good, wouldn’t want them ruined so early.”

Once everything was back in place, Alexi whirled around and gave her girlfriend a big hug.

“Thank you so much.” She said, nuzzling her head into Layla’s shoulder.

“No problem. Just do me one favor…”

Layla pulled back and gazed into Alexi’s eyes with a smirk.

“Go light on the punch for now.” Layla said, “Wouldn’t want you to pop before the afterparty at my place.” She punctuated this statement with a kiss on Alexi’s forehead.

Alexi stared at her, dumbfounded.

“Now, let’s get back to the party before people start asking questions.”

“R-right!” Alexi said, shaking out of her daze.

She was really happy her entire face was painted. Alexi was almost certain she spent the rest of the night blushing.

*002*2022-11-21 13:38

Didn't think I forgot about this, did you? Had this story in my drafts for a while, sadly didn't get to finalize it before my vacation. Thankfully, I have a good idea of what I'm doing for weeks 3 and 4, so I shouldn't fall too far behind.

Since part of this challenge is about getting out of my comfort zone, I decided to write my first story to focus on a male character.

As always, comments, feedback, and suggestions are welcome.

______________________________

Week 2: Blocked Path to the Bathroom

Nate yawned as he watched the country landscape fly by the passenger’s seat window of Alan’s car. It had been a long day, and an even longer week. Daylight Savings Time was the worst.

While Nate wanted to rest, today was the only day he and his friends, Alan and Nicole, could all get together to try out the corn maze at the Reindeer Ranch. This had become a yearly tradition of theirs, so he didn’t want to miss it. So, Nate grabbed a large Monster energy drink on the way and chugged it during the car ride.

As the ranch came into view, Nate began feeling the effects of his drink. He was feeling much more awake and alert. That wasn’t the only effect he was feeling, unfortunately. Nate subtly crossed his legs as the diuretic qualities of all that caffeine and sugar started to hit him.

Soon, the car pulled into the parking lot in front of the corn maze. The wooden gate at the entrance was one of the only structures lit up in the dusky fall evening.

Nate started to stretch as he got out of the car but stopped short and leaned forward as his bladder reminded him of his imminent need. Nate took a deep breath as the wave slowly subsided.

The trio followed the signs for tickets into a small souvenir shop on the property. Nate looked around the building. Amongst the knick-knacks and kitschy ornaments, one thing was missing: a restroom sign.

An old dog looked up from the floor and barked, wagging its tail as the group approached the counter. An older man greeted them from the back of the store.

“You kids here for the corn maze?” He asked.

Nate wasn’t sure if he should consider being called a ‘kid’ an insult or a compliment.

“Yes, we are.” Alan answered.

The man shuffled behind the counter and pulled out a few cards.

“After dark tickets are $10 each.” He explained, “There are 8 stations hidden in the maze. You can collect a stamp from each one to show you completed it.”

He slid the cards across the counter. Each one had a unique space for each station with fun names like “Dragon’s Roost” and “Pixie Forest”.

Next, he laid out a postcard with an overhead view of the maze. It was carved into the shape of a dragon. This perspective really showed off the large scale and intricate design.

“Here’s your map.” The man continued, “The entrance is here. There’s an emergency exit here, if you need it.” He indicated a spot near the back of the maze.

“The maze closes at 8. The emergency exit will lock then. The front gate will lock at 8:30. I’ll be sure to come in and get you if you’re still inside by then.”

Everyone glanced at their phones. It was almost 6:30.

“Sounds good, we shouldn’t need that much time.” Nicole said confidently.

The group paid for their tickets and started to leave. Nate took one last look around the store, but saw no signs indicating a bathroom, or a place one would be.

Between the shop and the maze, Nate spotted a sign that said “Restroom”. He looked where the arrow was pointing and froze.

There, next to the fence surrounding the maze, was a bright blue porta-potty.

Nate wasn’t exactly a germaphobe, but he hated porta-potties. He considered them an absolute last resort.

He looked around the ranch one more time, but there were no lights or signs anywhere else.

Nate bounced in place a couple times, trying to evaluate how full he really was. He decided he could wait until after their adventure so he could find proper facilities.

“Nate, you all good?” Alan called.

Nate realized his friends were waiting for him at the entrance of the maze.

“Yeah, sorry. I’m coming!” He shouted back, running to catch up with them.

Between the short run and the dry night air, Nate’s throat felt dry. He unclipped his hydro flask from his jacket and took a drink. It was nearly empty, but he figured he had enough water to last through the maze.

As much as they tried to strategically navigate the maze, the trio found themselves getting lost and turned around. It didn’t help that the weather and disrespectful patrons had altered the paths throughout the season. Nor did it help when the sun went down and they had to guide themselves with their flashlights.

After half an hour, the group had only collected two stamps. Nate occasionally had to slip a hand into his pocket and apply pressure to his shaft, the dropping temperature only serving to make his condition worse. Every time they stopped to check the map, he shifted from foot to foot.

By the time they finally found a third checkpoint, Nate was starting to worry. He looked at the sign for this station. It read “Fairy Fountain”.

The image of water spraying forcefully into the air reminded Nate of what he so badly wanted to do.

“Hey, guys…” Nate said, hesitantly, “Do you think we could call it early and head out?”

Nicole checked her phone, “It’s only been 45 minutes. We’ve still got plenty of time.”

“I know, but…” Nate sighed. He didn’t want to admit to his problem, especially because he chose to skip a chance to go before they started.

“Tell you what,” Alan interrupted, “I think I know where the next station is. It should be close to the emergency exit. If you still want to head out by the time we get there, we can leave.”

“Can’t we just head for the exit?” Nate asked.

Alan pointed to a spot near the back of the maze. “Right now, we’re over here. The emergency exit is closer anyway.”

“Ok. Sure, that works.” Nate reluctantly agreed.

The group continued deeper into the twisting corridors cut through the corn. They found some dead ends and had to double back a few times. It wasn’t too long before they found another stand with a stamp on it. This one was labeled “Mermaid Waterfall”.

Nate was dancing on the spot as he stamped his card.

“Can we please find the exit now? I really need to go to the bathroom.” Nate begged.

“Yeah, alright, buddy.” Alan nodded, “It should be just around the corner. Let’s go.”

Alan traced a finger over the map as he led the group around the agricultural attraction. After a couple more turns, they came across a wide clearing in the corn. Down the path was a fence with a small gate in the middle of it.

As soon as he saw this, Nate broke out into a jog, one hand lodged firmly against his groin. Soon, he would be out. Soon, he would get the relief he so desperately needed.

Nate pushed the gate. It didn’t move.

He tried again. Still nothing. He pulled on the gate. Nothing.

Nate frantically scanned his flashlight over the gate, hoping there was a handle or a hook he had missed.

“What’s up?” Alan asked as he and Nicole caught up.

“I can’t get the gate open!”

“There!” Nicole shouted after scanning the fence. She pointed to a black box with a red light on it.

“It’s an electric lock. It’s probably on a timer to automatically close at the end of the night.” She explained.

“But it’s not the end of the night!” Nate protested.

Nicole pulled out her phone. The time showed 7:20.

“You’re right.” She said, “Maybe they forgot to update it for Daylight Savings?”

Nate groaned.

“It’s getting really bad. Do you think I could just find a corner of the maze and…” He didn’t want to finish the thought.

“I wouldn’t.” Alan said, “I think there are still other people in the maze. There were some kids running around earlier. You shouldn’t run the risk of someone seeing you.”

Nate was quiet for a second. He could hear high pitched voices among the corn.

He sighed. “You’re right. Can we please hurry to the entrance? I’m really sorry, but it’s an emergency.”

“Don’t worry about it, man.” Alan reassured, “We got through half the checkpoints. That’s not bad.”

“Yeah,” Nicole agreed, “It’s not like there’s a prize. The pride of finishing the maze isn’t worth the shame of wet pants.”

“Please don’t say that.” Nate cringed, “I don’t want to imagine the possibility.”

Alan looked down at the map, “Alright, so we should head this way, then.”

Leaving behind the false hope of the locked gate, the group once again delved deeper into the maze.

Even if they didn’t find the most direct route, they had a much easier time navigating with a clear goal in mind.

By the time they reached the entrance, Nate was leaned over, shuffling his feet, his left hand firmly grasping the front of his pants.

As they approached the gate, three figures came into focus. There was a woman and two children who looked about middle school age waiting at the entrance.

Seeing this, Nate pried his hand away from his crotch. He did his best to stand still. He didn’t want to be caught potty dancing in front of strangers- much less strange kids.

The woman spoke up as they approached.

“I think the gate’s locked. I tried calling the owners, but I can’t get any reception out here.”

Nate’s eyes went wide. His heart rate skyrocketed. He felt dizzy. Locked? No. There was no way. Not when he was this close.

In a bid of foolish optimism, Nate pushed on the gate, hoping it would magically open for him.

It did not.

“Yeah.” Nicole said, presenting her phone. The time read 7:40. “We had the same problem with the back gate. This is their first weekend since Daylight Savings. I think they forgot to adjust the timers on their locks.”

“Yet another reason to hate that stupid tradition.” Nate muttered, leaning his forehead on the fence.

“So what?” The woman asked, “Are we just supposed to wait until he comes to get us?”

Nate shuddered. He wasn’t sure he could last 4 more minutes, let alone 40.

As he desperately looked around for a solution, Nate felt a spurt escape from him. He leaned on the fence, facing away from everyone else. Nate threw both hands into his crotch and marched in place. He managed to stop the leak after a couple seconds, but he could already feel it dripping down his leg.

Nate’s hose spasmed as he gripped down. He could feel the fluids trying to force their way down his urethra, his hands the only barrier. His lower abdomen ached.

Nate glanced over as his friends shone their flashlights around the ranch, searching for a solution.

“Hey!” Nicole shouted as her beam illuminated the old dog walking through the yard. “Maybe this will work.”

She waved her flashlight around and whistled.

After a couple attempts, the dog turned toward the maze and started barking. The deep sound echoed throughout the property.

Nate heard a faint voice call out, “What’s wrong, Flapjack?”

The old man slowly walked out of the shop. He followed the dog’s gaze over to the fence.

“The gate’s locked!” Nicole explained.

“Oh!” The old man shouted in surprise.

He began to walk to the fence as quickly as he could. Unfortunately for Nate, that wasn’t very quick.

Nate adjusted his grip slightly. A little more pee escaped as he did so.

After what felt like an eternity, the old man reached the gate and pulled out his keys.

“Sorry about that, folks. These are new locks. Must have forgotten to set them last weekend.” He explained.

In anticipation of his imminent freedom, Nate stood up, pulling his hands away from his pants. A quick, but forceful, squirt dampened his boxers. His legs trembled, desperately wanting to clamp together.

When the old man finally got the gate open, the woman and kids left first, then Nicole and Alan with Nate trailing behind.

Nate shuffled through the door and immediately turned in the direction of the porta-potty. Once he was facing away from everyone else, he once again clasped his hands between his legs. He could feel a wet spot on his jeans.

The old man was still talking. Nate heard something about a discount and trying to make up for the error. Right now, he didn’t care. The only thing Nate cared about was making it to that blue box around the corner.

His pace was agonizingly slow as he shuffled down the path, but Nate didn’t dare move any faster. He was afraid he would lose all control if he tried.

Suddenly, a sound broke through Nate’s daze.

“Mom, I have to go to the bathroom!”

“Me, too!”

It was the kids.

“Ok. Come on, let’s go.” The woman responded. “Excuse us for a second.”

Nate watched as the woman and her kids walked past him and headed to the same destination as him. All of them were walking normally. He knew there was no way they needed this nearly as bad as he did. Still, it wasn’t like he could cut in line in front of those kids. What kind of jerk would do that? What would he say to the mother? What would he say to his friends?

A one second long leak escaped Nate’s grasp.

What else could he do?

Nate was halfway to the porta-potty when the family entered and slammed the door. Another spurt caused pee to drip through his fingers.

As he continued to approach, Nate felt something bump into his hip.

That’s right! He still had his hydro flask. That thing could hold just over a liter of water. Surely, that would be enough to contain the deluge Nate was about to unleash.

There was only one problem. Where was Nate going to fill it up? He couldn’t just whip it out and pee out in the open. What if the kids caught him? What if his friends came to check on him?

Nate leaned over as another leak ran down his leg. He looked around frantically.

He noticed a dumpster up against a nearby building. There was a small gap between it and the far wall, just enough for someone to hide behind. If Nate could just get over there, he would be safe from any wandering eyes.

Nate took a deep breath and started moving. At first, his steps were small and measured. Then, another two second stream came out. He shuddered as the fluid flowed around his fingers.

Using whatever strength he had left, Nate tightened his grip on his shaft. He took off in a light jog.

Every step was agony. The full contents of his over-inflated bladder bounced violently with each step. He felt like he was going to explode.

Nate ducked behind the dumpster and looked around. He would be safe as long as no one walked past. He leaned against the wall to catch his breath.

Nate took a second to gather up the courage to release the iron grip on his junk. A burst of urine wet his boxers as he did.

He picked up his water bottle and felt something slosh around. There was still water in it. That wouldn’t do! Nate needed all the space he could get.

Nate danced in place as he fumbled with the lid, hands shaking wildly. He dropped the cap on the ground, then tipped the bottle over.

A steady trickle flowed out of Nate as he watched the water pour onto the ground.

As soon as the bottle was empty, Nate threw both hands into his crotch, basically grinding against his water bottle, in order to stop the flow.

Nate took a deep breath and braced himself for his final move.

He unbuttoned his pants and pulled down the zipper.

With his left hand, Nate held out the bottle in front of him. With his right, he lowered the waistband of his damp boxers and pulled out his penis. It was completely saturated from all the leaks.

Nate moved the bottle into position, took aim, and…

Hiss

The crisp night air was filled with what sounded like a faucet on full blast filling up the metallic container. The force of Nate’s stream echoed off the walls of the bottle, amplifying the already roaring torrent.

Nate could feel drops splashing back onto him. He moved the bottle further away.

After voiding himself for a few seconds, Nate shivered, scattering urine onto his hands, his pants, and the outside of the bottle.

Then, Nate felt something else welling up inside him.

He lifted his right arm and bit down on his forearm to muffle the sound of a pleasured moan. It suddenly hit him how good it felt to let go of such a full bladder. It almost made all the pain worth it. Almost.

His knees went weak and Nate fell back against the dumpster, being careful to keep the bottle in place.

Nate kept a close eye on the water line as he continued to release his burden. He gradually tipped the bottle upwards, hoping to keep from spilling.

Even with the bottle nearly vertical, Nate’s stream showed no signs of slowing. He began to worry he had underestimated his bladder capacity.

Finally, after what felt like hours, the flow petered out and, eventually, stopped. The bottle was nearly filled to the top. Nate was happy he emptied it first. It would definitely have overflowed otherwise.

Nate gave a quiet sigh and tucked his dick back into his boxers. He zipped up his pants. The zipper was soaked.

He turned on his flashlight and scoured the ground for the lid to his hydro flask.

As he screwed the lid back in place, reality began to set in. Nate had just peed in his hydro flask. It was warm. There were pee stains all over his pants. His boxers were ruined. What now?

The first thing Nate did was slip into the now-vacant porta-potty and lock the door. He opened his bottle and slowly emptied it down the hole. At least now he wouldn’t be carrying around a bottle of piss.

He turned on his flashlight and examined himself.

There were scattered spots all over his pants. Most notably, there was a large wet spot in the middle. There was also a thick streak from the top of his right thigh almost down to his knee. His hands were glistening.

Once the hydro flask was empty again, Nate capped it and clipped it to his jacket. He would need to thoroughly clean that when he got home. And run it through the dishwasher. Several times.

He idly wiped his hands on his pants legs. It wasn’t like he could ruin them any more.

Nate left the bathroom and trudged to the parking lot, hanging his head.

Before saying anything, Nicole offered him some hand sanitizer, which he gratefully took.

In the lights of the parking lot, there was no hiding what happened. Nate’s shame was splattered all over his pants for all to see.

“You alright, man?” Alan asked.

Nate stared at the ground. His face grew warm. “Not really…” He muttered.

“Do I need to put a towel down?”

Nate’s eyes stung. “No…” He said, voice cracking. The stains were only on the front of his pants, the seats should be fine.

Nate felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked up to see Alan, smiling gently.

“It’s fine, bro. It wasn’t your fault.”

“Yeah.” Nicole chimed in, “We’ve all been there. Trust me.”

Nate rubbed his eyes.

“Thanks, guys.”

Alan shrugged, “Now let’s get you home. It’s been a long week.”

*005*2022-11-24 11:15

For week 3, I chose the prompt "Adding to a Canon Scene". Since the scene in question was at the end of an episode, I kind of felt like that was cheating, so I also worked in some "Not Speaking Up Until the Last Moment".

With this being a fan fiction, I decided to post it as it's own topic for easier searchability. I'll link it below:

Week 3: Adding Omo to a Canon Scene

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="36" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed8868478904" scrolling="no" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/83369-wet-it-like-witches-an-owl-house-omovember-story/?do=embed"

*006*2022-11-30 13:49

Week 4 is once again a fan fiction, so I'm posting it in a separate thread for searchability.

Even though November is almost over, I will be picking a topic for week 5 and writing that. It will probably be December before it's posted, but I'm determined to see this challenge through.

Until then, week 4 can be found here:

Week 4: Pay Toilet

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="36" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed421980996" scrolling="no" style="height:385px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/83561-the-price-for-relief-a-cyberpunk-edgerunners-omovember-fiction/?do=embed"

*007*2022-12-15 13:34

Sorry for the delay, everyone, several factors both in and out of my control got in the way. But, you know I wasn't going to leave you hanging forever.

So, only two weeks late, we have my week 5 Omovember story. Hope you all enjoyed these stories. Feel free to leave feedback in the comments.

Now, enjoy!

Week 5: Peeing Together

Nate was exhausted.

He and Alexi had taken an early morning train into the city for a concert that evening. The concert itself was standing room only. It went late enough that they had to grab dinner on the go so they could hurry and catch their train.

With all this, it was no surprise when the gentle rumble of the train managed to lull Nate to sleep. The ride was going to take at least two hours, so he had time for a nap.

Nate briefly woke up when he heard Alexi stand up. At first, he thought that meant he slept through the entire trip and they had arrived. Opening one eye, Nate discovered that was not the case. The train was still moving through the countryside.

Knowing he still had time, Nate leaned back and drifted back to sleep.

Some time later, he woke up again.

Nate groaned and shifted in his seat. It took him a moment to get his bearings. He felt the constant vibration of the train and saw the world outside quickly passing by in the dim night. He also felt someone constantly shifting around in the cramped seat next to him.

Nate scooted back and sat up. That’s when he realized why he woke up. Nate leaned forward with a sharp inhale. A throbbing pain radiated through him from just below his waist. He really needed to pee.

How did it get so bad so quickly?

Nate tried to remember the last time he went to the bathroom. He didn’t want to miss any of the concert, he was worried about getting lost in the crowd leaving the venue, and he had to rush through the station to get to the train. Nate hadn’t peed since before the concert more than six hours ago.

The large drink he had with dinner certainly wasn’t helping matters.

Nate looked around the train. Aside from Alexi and him, there were only a handful of people in the car.

He didn’t see a bathroom sign, but trains like this normally had one, right? After all, people rode them for hours at a time.

Nate shifted forward and tapped his fingers nervously on the railing in front of him, bracing for the added strain standing would place on his bladder.

“You alright?” Alexi asked.

“Y-yeah.” Nate answered, “I just… have to go to the bathroom is all. I’ll be right back.”

Before Nate could stand up, Alexi said something that stopped him in his tracks.

“There isn’t one.”

“What?” Nate responded, stunned. “I thought these trains always had one.”

“Well, this one doesn’t.” She said, sharply, “Trust me, I checked.”

Nate leaned back and crossed his legs. He took another look around as though expecting a toilet to magically appear before him, which it didn’t.

He checked his watch. It had been just over an hour since they left the city, meaning it would be close to an hour until their stop, assuming everything went well.

It wouldn’t be comfortable, but Nate could handle that. Or, at least, that’s what he told himself.

________

Alexi bit her bottom lip as she continued to shift her butt around in her seat. She tried to find a comfortable position, but that proved impossible. The discomfort had nothing to do with the- admittedly stiff- bench, it was entirely due to the mounting internal pressure.

She had managed to put the thought out of her mind, but then Nate woke up. As soon as he mentioned the bathroom, all that pressure came flooding back. She had badly needed to pee for the last half hour. Now, she didn’t have anything to distract her.

She thought it would be fine. She thought this train would have a bathroom. She didn’t see one when she got up to look around earlier. She even worked up the courage to ask the conductor when he came by to check tickets, thinking maybe they were just in another car. Instead, he confirmed what she already feared, there weren’t any.

Alexi cursed herself under her breath. She knew this would be a problem. She wanted to stop and relieve herself somewhere before getting on the train, but kept passing up opportunities. She wanted to make sure she was as empty as possible when they left so she wouldn’t have to worry about needing to pee on the train. So, she kept saying she would wait until the next one. She didn’t account for how quickly they would have to rush through the station.

Now, her “next one” was an hour away and she was floating.

Alexi looked at the map on the wall, trying to figure out how many stops were left before they would get off. She couldn’t concentrate and the map wasn’t very clear, so that proved fruitless. She thought it was three, but wasn’t certain.

Alexi regretted agreeing to take the train. They should have driven, she thought. Sure, it would be more expensive, take longer, and require them to find parking, but at least they would be able to pull over at a rest stop whenever they needed.

Come to think of it, the train stations were kind of like rest stops…

“Hey, Nate?” Alexi spoke up.

“Yeah?”

“Do you think we can get off at the next station? I have to go, too.”

She knew Nate was in a bad way. He hadn’t uncrossed his legs or stopped tapping the railing since he woke up.

“Didn’t you go after the concert?” He asked.

Alexi blushed slightly.

“I tried, but the women’s room was so crowded. I thought I could go at the station.”

Nate’s eyes widened for a moment, then he looked down.

“This is the last train for the night. I don’t have money for a cab or a hotel, do you?” He sounded defeated.

“No…” Alexi admitted.

“In any other circumstances, I would agree with you.” Nate said, “But I don’t want to be stranded until morning. So just… try to tough it out. We’re almost there. It’s only-”

Alexi stopped Nate before he could check his watch.

“Don’t tell me the time. I don’t want to know. That’ll be all I can think about, and it’ll only make things worse.”

Alexi knew they were still far away. An estimate would be more likely to crush her hopes than help her. At least now, she could pretend it wasn’t much longer. She needed that illusion to help her keep holding on.

________

At each stop, the pair grew more and more desperate. Each station looked more and more inviting, beckoning them to come in and relieve themselves. Each time, they refused. As much as they would love to unload their burdensome bladders, they wouldn’t have a way to get home if they did.

The one good thing that came out of these stops was that more passengers kept getting off. By the time they were on the final stretch toward their destination, the pair were the only ones left in the car.

__________

This was a blessing for Nate. He didn’t want to make a public spectacle of himself, but crossing his legs and bouncing occasionally had long since become insufficient for keeping his waters contained.

As soon as the doors closed and the train rolled away from its latest stop, he slipped both hands into his crotch, pressing his hose against the side of his leg as hard as he could. He crossed his legs over his hands to add more pressure. Nate rocked back and forth in his seat.

He stared out the window, looking for any signs that they were almost home. Unfortunately, all he could see were vague shapes and open fields.

Nate wanted something to take him mind off his urgent need. There was nothing. Alexi’s constant squirming next to him wasn’t helping his concentration, either.

___________

Alexi was getting irritated. Nate kept rocking back and forth. The train kept shaking. It seemed like the entire world just wanted to upset her swollen bladder.

She slid a hand between her legs and bounced her thighs from side to side, stopping every few moments to squeeze them together.

Alexi looked around and noticed that they were alone. Trying to be as subtle as possible, she reached down and undid the button on her jeans, giving her bloated belly a little more room to expand. She instantly felt a little relief. But this relief wasn’t even a small fraction of what she would feel when she finally reached a toilet.

If she finally reached a toilet.

Alexi grit her teeth, shut her eyes, and clamped her thighs.

She couldn’t afford to think like that. She would make it. She had to make it. She wouldn’t let a fun day like this be forever stained by wetting her pants.

Nate was still holding out, that meant she could, too. There’s no way Alexi was going to be the first to lose control.

____________

Just as it seemed the ordeal was nearly over, the train began to slow down and eventually coasted to a stop. A quick glance out the window revealed that they were still nowhere near the station.

The PA system crackled to life and played a garbled message.

“Sorry, folks, we’ve got a freight train coming towards us just ahead. Unfortunately, they do have the right of way, so we’re going to have to switch tracks and stop for a few minutes to let them pass. As soon as we’re clear, we’ll get back on track and get you right to the next station.”

A loud horn blared a few times outside. The train was shook by a low rumble as the larger, much slower, train chugged by.

____________

‘No, no, no!’ Nate shouted in his head. They were so close and he had to go so bad. Why? Why did it have to be now?

He watched the train virtually crawling past outside. He stared until his eyes started to water. Nate chewed on his lip nervously.

Nate shifted his hands in his lap. He gripped down on the top of his shaft for dear life. Every movement brought a new wave of pressure throughout his body. His stomach pressed against the waistband of his pants.

Nate leaned forward and rested his head against the seat in front of him. He didn’t want to use any muscles that weren’t explicitly devoted to holding his distended bladder.

It felt like he had a bomb in his bladder, ready to explode at the slightest wrong move. He tried his best to stay still, hoping to avoid setting off this volatile organ.

Nate really wished he had a bottle with him right now…

______________

Alexi clenched her jaw and glared out the window. She wished she could get out and push the train along. It would probably be faster than waiting for that antique to pass.

If this delay was the reason she wound up peeing her pants…

Alexi’s body stiffened. A chill ran down her spine. She closed her thighs together with all the force she could muster, meanwhile tightening her grip on her crotch. She took slow, deep breaths to try to calm down.

She couldn’t afford to think that way right now. She had to stay positive. As soon as she gave in to the possibility that this could end in an accident, it would all be over.

Nate let out a muted squeak. He clearly wasn’t doing any better. But he was still holding on. In a weird way, this encouraged Alexi. If he could stay dry, so could she.

Alexi looked out the window on the other side of the train. She could see open fields with tall grass and bushes rustling in the dim moonlight.

She really wished she could jump out there and use the bushes like she did back at that Halloween party…

____________

Five minutes went by and the last rumbles of the freight train faded into the distance.

The train lurched forward, eliciting a groan from Nate and Alexi. They were both in dire straits, but the finish line was in sight.

The train quickly picked up speed until it was once again cruising along.

Only a few minutes later, the train once again coasted to a stop. This time, it was at a designated stop. The friends had finally reached their destination. Now, it was just a matter of getting to the bathroom.

_______________

Alexi pressed both palms deep into her crotch and braced her kegel muscles.

Immediately after the doors opened, she sprang to her feet.

She dashed forward a few steps before freezing in place. Alexi had to stop and squeeze her legs together, feeling all her pent up liquids tickling the very edge of her pee hole.

The wave passed and Alexi managed to maintain control. This made her realize just how delicate of a balance she was trying to maintain. It was like balancing an entire pitcher on a stick, one wrong move and she would spill everywhere.

Alexi continued on, taking small, quick steps off the train.

_______________

Nate held his breath. He dared to remove one hand from his privates, squeezing his other hand with all his might.

Nate grabbed the railing and lifted himself to his feet.

He stopped for a moment and leaned against the railing. He felt a huge pressure building up in his urethra. He could feel the fluids getting pulled down by gravity, his hand the only thing keeping an imminent explosion at bay.

The pain receded and Nate took his chance to move. He hobbled off the train, using the railing to keep his balance while his thighs remained clamped together.

_______________

The train station was entirely abandoned at this hour, save for the two bursting passengers. They were grateful for that. While they were both beyond the point of caring what anyone thought, they would never live down the embarrassment of putting on such a desperate display for a room full of strangers.

This also meant there was no one to get in their way as they limped and waddled their way up the ramp to the promised haven of the restrooms.

It was a short walk from the platform to the nearest bathrooms, but the agony of holding far past their limits made it feel like a mile.

As the duo crested the incline, they began to panic.

There were three doors in front of them. Both the men’s and women’s bathroom doors were covered in yellow “Caution” tape and had signs saying “Out of Order”.

There was one ray of hope, however. In between the two was a door labeled “Family Restrooms” which still appeared totally functional.

Without a word, Nate and Alexi both shuffled toward the door.

Alexi turned the handle. It opened. She went in and Nate followed.

Neither of them were thinking very clearly at the moment. Nate knew family restrooms were normally for one person at a time, but he hoped there would be a urinal or something he could use. Alexi barely noticed Nate following her, she was so focused on her goal.

They both knew this might mean peeing in front of each other, but they were far too desperate to care about such trivial things.

Nate closed and locked the door behind them. He hit the light switch. His heart sank when he turned around.

The room that greeted them was a small, white tile room with a single toilet, a changing table, and a sink.

Nate considered the sink for a moment. It was about up to his navel. There was no way he could aim himself properly in this state. There was only one option in the room.

Nate and Alexi rushed ahead and reached the toilet at the same time.

They looked at each other, both shaking, both at the brink of disaster.

“Please let me go first!” Alexi begged, “I- ooh- I have to pee so bad!”

“Are you kidding?” Nate countered, “I’m abou- aah- about to explode!”

“Come on, Nate! I- oof- I’m on the verge of wetting myself. If you don’t-”

“No way! I- eeh- It’s about to come out any second!”

They both stood in this stalemate, bouncing on the spot. They groaned and grunted at the effort of holding back two immense reservoirs. Neither wanted to give up their claim, but they also weren’t willing to take the porcelain throne by force.

They stood like this for maybe ten seconds when a spasm shook Alexi’s bladder. Her eyes widened in panic.

“Fine. We’ll do it this way!” She said.

Alexi unzipped her jeans and started to lower them when Nate shouted “What are you doing?”

Alexi slid a hand into her jeans and held herself through her panties while she explained.

“We both clearly need this, so we’ll just go together.”

“Together?”

“Yeah. I spread my legs, you pee through the middle.”

“Wh-what?” Nate jumped in shock. Immediately after, he groaned and leaned over, fighting back a leak before it could escape.

“It’s that or stand here and piss ourselves.” Alexi said, growing impatient, “I know what option I’m choosing. If you want to wait, be my guest.”

She slid her thumbs into the waistband of her panties.

Nate bounced for a second, weighing his options.

He sighed.

Nate clenched his thighs tightly together around his dick while he pulled both hands away. He unbuttoned his pants and undid the zipper. As quickly as he could manage, he forced a hand down the front of his pants and gripped the head of his penis, hoping that would buy him the last few seconds he needed to get into position.

He could feel his shaft twitching. This was going to be close.

Alexi yanked her pants and panties down all the way to the floor. She stepped one leg out of them. She clasped both hands over her lips and bounced on the spot as she stood up.

With her pants off, the urgency of her need grew to greater heights than she ever thought possible. All she needed was to get into position.

She was quivering. Her bladder was hanging on by a thread.

Alexi stood in front of the toilet, too desperate to even care that she was naked from the waist down in front of her friend.

“You ready? Because this is going to come out right now!”

“Y-yeah.” Nate strained. “Please hurry.”

“Just make sure you keep your aim straight!” Alexi warned.

“I’ll do my best, just get on with it!” Nate said, bouncing impatiently.

“Ok.”

Alexi sat down on the toilet.

“3…” Nate pulled down the front of his boxers, whipped out his penis, and took aim.

“2….” Alexi spread her legs and pulled her hands away from her crotch.

“1!”

The tile bathroom erupted with the echoing splatter of two mighty streams joining together and crashing into the toilet bowl. The waters below foamed and rippled violently under the raging waterfall created by the two torrents.

Nate watched carefully and adjusted his aim to make sure Alexi wasn’t in the splash zone. He tried to hit as close to the edge of the bowl as possible without making a mess.

Nate focused hard on ignoring the fact that his friend’s vagina was right at the edge of his vision.

Alexi stared into the bowl. She shifted her position, working hard to maintain her stability in this unusually wide stance.

She tried to put the image of Nate’s penis right in front of her out of her mind.

Once they were sure of their placement, both friends lifted their heads.

Their eyes met.

Nate and Alexi blushed deeply. They quickly turned away and stared at opposite walls.

Nate tried to hold as still as possible, but his whole body shivered as he finally relaxed. Relief welled up within him now that his fight was over.

“Phew.” He sighed quietly.

Alexi felt a few stray splashes hit her thighs, but she didn’t care. As long as her clothes stayed dry. She leaned against the back of the toilet, overcome by the bliss of finally letting go.

“Hmm.” She hummed, contentedly.

For the next minute, that’s how they stayed. Neither person moved or glanced anywhere else. They stood frozen, like two statues, watching the walls.

The only sound in that tiled room was the echoing roar of two hard-held bladders releasing their contents as quickly as their fatigued muscles could manage.

Alexi’s deluge began to lose steam first. Nate’s downpour didn’t last much longer. Both streams gradually reduced until the cacophony that filled the room settled into a high pitched tinkle.

Finally, the two rivers ran dry, save for a few lingering drips.

Nate and Alexi both gave a deep sigh of relief. The shooting pain in their abdomens had been replaced by the dull throb of an overworked bladder.

Alexi grabbed some toilet paper and began to clean up. She started by wiping away the stray droplets and splash back on her thighs.

“Sorry…” Nate muttered.

“Don’t worry about it. It could have been much worse.” She reassured.

Alexi finished wiping herself and threw the wadded paper into the toilet. She looked up at Nate, who hadn’t moved an inch.

“... I need to… shake it off…” He explained, avoiding eye contact, “I think it would be better if you got up first.”

Alexi nodded.

She awkwardly slid to one side of the toilet seat, being extremely careful not to touch Nate or his member, and stood up.

She took a few steps away and leaned over. Alexi stumbled a little as she pulled her pants and underwear back over her leg.

She smiled as she saw her panties were still dry. She was really worried something might have leaked out when she was rushing through the station.

She pulled her pants back up and washed her hands. Morbid curiosity forced Alexi to glance at Nate in the mirror.

Nate shook the last few drops from his dick and put it away.

He tried to stealthily sneak a peek at his boxers to check if there were any stains. To his surprise and delight, there weren’t. He had made it out of this crisis totally clean!

He zipped up his pants and flushed the toilet.

Nate sidled over to the sink and shyly waited for Alexi to finish rinsing her hands.

After both of them had washed and dried their hands, the friends stood in deafening silence, unable to look at each other.

Nate cleared his throat.

“Thanks…” He mumbled. “For suggesting… that, I mean.”

“Hey, I was bursting, too.” Alexi said, “It was the best way to help both of us.”

“Still, you didn’t have to. You could have sat down and let me fend for myself. But you didn’t. So… thank you.”

“Don’t mention it.” Alexi said with a faint smile.

They unlocked the door and peeked out of the bathroom. Thankfully, the station remained empty. They left, reassured no one else would know of their desperate actions.

“Seriously, I mean that.” Alexi added, “Don’t mention it. To anyone. Ever.”

“Trust me, I have no plans of sharing this with anyone.”

And they didn’t. Nor did they tell anyone about the extra pit stop they had to make on the side of the road on their way home. It remained their little secret. And it was likely not to be the last “little secret” between them.

