Commissions -

Author: KitoKitoKito

*000*2021-12-15 23:19

Hi! I'm KitoKitoKito, a freelance writer. I've been writing for my whole life and roleplaying with great literacy, though I've only recently began my foray into the world of kinky writing.

If you'd like to commission me, I'll charge you based on word count. I do $0.02 per word, though I can occasionally give a discount if our kinks line up especially well and I'm enjoying writing the story a lot.

My email is [email protected]

, email me with the details of what kind of story you want if you'd like to commission me! I will almost certainly be up to write it.

I will do almost any kink besides anything involving children.

I'm personally into very extreme kinks myself and am very happy to write about anything, especially if your kink has very little content made for it - I can relate to you a lot there.

Kinks I can write very well (mostly because I'm into them):

Scat Piss/watersports Toilet slavery Omorashi (desperation and wetting!) Cock and ball torture Sadism/masochism Femdom Pet play Degradation Emotional torture/emotional sadism and masochism I will write almost any other kink still and do my best to make it work, but the above are your best bet! I can write from a dom or sub point of view, and I can write in the first, second, or third person!

Examples of some types of things I can write:

Self-inserts of your character in fictional settings, including any fandom at all! I can also write about pre-existing characters! Science-fiction or fantasy elements being used to add to the story Anything realistic or especially anything unrealistic, such as a bladder spilling out gallons of piss, a contraption elaborately designed to make you into a toilet with many functions, or any humanoid characters! Furries! Futanaris! Just email me at [email protected] to let me know what you're interested in! If you'd like a sample, just email me and I'll send you one!

I am also happy to do ghostwriting, meaning you can take my story and claim it as your own!

I will let you know how many other stories I need to write before yours; If you want to be pushed to the start of the queue, that'll cost an additional $5!

*001*2021-12-20 00:46

Quick update to this: The commission price will range from $0.02-$0.04 per word depending on a few things, like how extreme what I'm writing is, how difficult I think it'll be to write, and how much I understand the kinks you'd like me to write about.

