That uniform isn't coming off: A pee soaked long drive

Author: Kronosphere

*000*2020-01-06 13:26

Preface:

I’m pretty much writing this for my own enjoyment, really. I just want a fiction that ticks all my fetish boxes, which so far are rare on this forum as well as stories repositories. If you like the same things I do, hope you enjoy this story as well; and if you know of a similar fiction, please tell me!

I might write more chapters for this story as well, if I have the time and the ideas. For now, enjoy the first chapter of a possible 3 chapters long series!

_____

Cindy has just finished her first college semester in the States. She’s an Asian foreign student, a cute, slim 5’8” girl with jet black long hair, currently living on her own in Chicago; her family isn’t the stereotypical crazy rich Asians, so all she can afford to stay at is a tiny apartment, shared with other students. For a while, Cindy has been craving for some privacy, specifically, to carry out her omorashi fetish. She loves, just like many other girls, to dress herself up in cute outfits, but only to soil it with pee. She loves that warmth of hot pee soaked clothing, especially in the cold winter of Chicago.

Fed up with the winter, she wants an escape to somewhere warm, at least for a few weeks. Luckily, she has for herself her own car, and a driving license; and that means the whole America is open for her. And the first thought in Cindy’s mind was the warm beaches of Florida. She has been planning for this trip for a few weeks now: a slow road trip across the country, with nice scenery along the way, warm weather, warm sun… and warm pee. Yes, she finally has some private moment for herself, to satisfy her burning omorashi desire, far away from the dingy apartment and roommates. Just her alone, in the car, on empty highways, and clothes full of pee.

Ever since in high school back in her home country, back when she had her own room and her parents often not at home for the weekends, she loved to play her little game called “sticky clothes”. That means, she would put on a nice outfit, and it would stay on for a day; no article removed for any reason. Yes, that includes using the toilet, for the duration. Well, maybe some exception: in case of urgent needs to go outside, or taking a poop, since she isn’t a fan of smelly, dirty poop stuck on her clothes.

Now, Cindy has the perfect setup for her game, and it’s not limited to a day at most. She can stretch the game out for as long as she enjoys. Cindy already feels the sexual fire burning in her at the anticipation of the game. The last day before the trip starts, after packing all her summer clothes for the destination, Cindy has to choose her ‘sticky’ outfit for the three-day road trip. And for nostalgia sake, she went for the school uniform that she had packed from home: white long sleeved blouse, a blue and white striped tie, and knee length navy blue pencil skirt. Honestly, she packed it pretty much for the purpose of playing out her fetish dreams far from home.

Putting it on, Cindy remembers of the times when she held her pee on purpose in school, and secretly wetting her skirt on the way home; she feels like peeing in her skirt right there and then, but knows better to save it for the trip. But with the freezing cold weather right now, that uniform alone isn’t exactly enough. Cindy paired it with her tight lycra shorts, underneath a pair of black tights; for footwear, she decided on some above ankle nylon socks, and her black flats that she wore to high school. A prim and proper outfit, not going to attract much attention on the road, at the same time makes her look like the cute high school self that she missed.

Day 1

Cindy put on her "sticky" outfit at 6AM, knowing that this outfit is not coming off for the next three days fills her with excitement. She has already taken a dump before putting it on, so she wouldn’t have to remove it too soon, even just for a little while. Loading her bags into the trunk of her car, Cindy is ready for the road trip.

Joining the still hectic traffic, Cindy slowly makes her way to the I-94. The first hour of the drive goes fine, save for the traffic; at least she doesn’t have her bladder distracting her. Soon enough, she left the city center, and starts driving through the suburb.

It wasn’t long before she started feeling the slight tingle of her bladder. That’s when Cindy realized, she has forgotten breakfast over the excitement of the trip. She stopped at the nearest gas station, to first get herself a full tank before entering the I-65 highway, and to get something for the road.

Cindy grabbed for herself a sandwich, a few small bags of chips, topped with a large iced coffee from the convenience store. She feels good knowing that people aren’t looking at her with strange eyes, they aren’t recognizing her outfit as a school uniform; she looks like a prim and proper businesswoman. Cindy paid for the food and got back to her car, not before she pounded the entire coffee in one go at the gas pump.

An hour later, she has already got past the suburbs, and now entering the empty highway. She’s not in a hurry, she’s cruising slowly on the road, watching the empty fields and enjoying the fresh countryside air through the opened windows. The coffee made its way fast through her system, and is now pouring into her bladder. Cindy again isn’t worrying much, she has enough supplies to stay in the car till afternoon. Her bladder is now at a good 6/10, normally this would be when she goes to the washroom, but now for the next few days, the washroom would be her uniform. She gives her clit a quick rub in excitement at that thought.

Cindy continues the drive for three hours, passing through rest stops and towns along the way. Her bladder seems to pang every time she sighted a rest stop, asking for a relief. Those little pangs, normally would make someone nervous, only gets her more excited. But soon, though her bladder is full, her stomach is empty again, and Cindy has to stop to get more food.

She pulls into a rest stop in the middle of nowhere, and goes for the only McDonalds’ there. The moment she steps off her car into a pothole, she loses her balance, and right then a little spurt of pee escaped her urethra. Cindy feels a tiny coin size wet spot in her lycra undershorts, but quickly she resumes as normal, knowing that it’s fully covered by her tights and skirt. Walking into the McDonalds, she feels her bladder aching for relief with every step, but Cindy continues to walk straight, not fearing any leak.

A few people inside the McDonalds’ gave her a stare; maybe they can tell she’s holding a tank full of pee under that uniform, but maybe they’re just wondering at the cute Asian girl in her formal looking attire. Getting herself a meal with large drink, Cindy left the restaurant quickly and back into her car.

Suddenly her bladder gives a sharp spurt, maybe at the feel of the large Coke sloshing in her hand. Some pee came out, this time more that before. Cindy climbs into the car, but hitting the same pothole as before, and once again almost stumbled into her seat; her strained bladder couldn’t stand it, and gives out another spurt of urine. Luckily no one was around to see that. Cindy checks her thighs after getting seated, and it was more urine than she thought; it was already streaking past her knees, and sprayed some tiny dots onto her navy blue skirt. But it wouldn’t be visible unless she looks for it, her clothing was dark anyway.

Cindy continues driving off in the noon sun, not caring about her bladder. She feels the rush of excitement every time she goes over a speed bump or even a pothole, as her bladder spurts more and more urine out. She simply doesn’t care, paying too much attention on her meal and the road. Her bladder is protesting against more fluid going into the stomach, but Cindy keeps taking large sips of the Coke. It’s demonstrating it’s protest by squeezing out even more urine.

With the meal done, Cindy stops on the road side for a little, just to give a check on her outfit. By now, the back of her skirt was entirely soaked, clinging to her butts as she stands up; the front of it is having a few wet spots as well. Streaks of pee flow down her black tights, glistening in the sun, into her socks and flats. The car seat is also moist with pee; Cindy kind of forgot to plan for the car seat, but then she realized it was about time to get it washed anyway, she will give it a thorough clean when she’s home.

Cindy now realizes that driving with a full bladder as distraction might be a bit dangerous, so she considered whether to just pee on the road side there before continues driving. She decided to do so after a quick mental coin flip. Sticking to her rules, nothing comes off even when she takes a piss, Cindy squats down behind the car’s door, and released her bladder through the back of her skirt. Old memories rushes back of her forcing pee through her clothes; having done this for long, Cindy doesn’t hesitate to pee through the tight under clothing and her skirt. She stands up, feeling pee dripping down her skirt, hitting the heels of her shoes.

A few hours later in the car, it’s good to say that her wet skirt isn’t obvious anymore. The pee has spread from her butt up to sides of her thighs, and even a little bit up her white blouse, and instead of a full dark patch, it’s now just damp. Her shoes and socks didn’t take much damage save the minor drippings, but her tights was damp all the way down past her knees. “Feels just like back home”, she thought, and gives herself another quick rub through her sopping wet crotch.

By now, it’s already 4pm, and her bladder has filled up again, not to bursting point but is full enough for a constant urge. Cindy was driving through a small town when she realized that, and can’t really get out of the car to pee like before. Instead of waiting till she gets out of town, she decides that she could just go right there, in the car. She soon hits a red light, and realizes it’s the perfect time. With an effortless push, her urethra releases a 10 second stream of pee into her skirt. This time round, the front of her skirt gets soaked as well, as more pee flows down her already damp tights, and some into her flats. It was so cathartic, peeing herself in the middle of traffic, not worrying about people she knows questioning her wet skirt.

Her bladder wasn’t fully voided, but the light turned green, and Cindy continues driving. An hour later, a bit past 5pm, she is at the edge of Louisville, Kentucky. Cindy figures this is where she would stop for the night, and exits off the highway into the town.

By now Cindy is already tired of driving all day long, so she looked up on Google Maps for a hotel to stay the night. She finds a cheap but not too shabby one not too far from where she’s at, and made her way there. Parking in the hotel’s lot, she stepped outside in the dusk, and examined her uniform. Her skirt was soaked thoroughly with pee, yet it wasn’t dripping wet, or glistening, it has semi dried up enough. The skirt is now completely in a darker shade, not a single dry spot left. Now walking, she could feel her tights being the same, damp and sticking to her legs, all the way from the waist to her feet. Her white blouse, tucked in the skirt all day long, is also damp up to her breast, and her tie is similarly wet.

Cindy walks confidently into the hotel, and asks for a cheap single room for the night. No one pays her much attention, exactly what she likes; they can’t tell that she’s wearing a pee soaked school uniform. Maybe someone picks up on the smell, but they wouldn’t think it’s coming from the nicely dressed woman in business-looking attire and tie like Cindy.

She checked into the room, and wondered what to do next. She was already too tired to do anything, and just wanted some rest. The AC was getting her wet legs cold, so she had to turn it up a little. That’s when Cindy realizes the pee smell is getting stronger and stronger in the room. Maybe it’s a good time to wash up.

She goes for the shower in the hotel room. By force of habit, she was about to strip her tie off, but then she remembers that no item is coming off. She tightened up her tie again, and turned on the hot shower. She hasn’t realized till the water hits her clothes how sticky her pee soaked clothes has been. The hotel was kind enough to give her shampoo and body wash, and so Cindy lathered it over her outfit. She took extra care to wash under her skirt, and her feet, she doesn’t want a foot infection after all.

After some vigorous clothed scrubbing, Cindy emerges from the shower, sopping wet, yet feeling clean. Just as a little spontaneous ritual, she releases a little pee into her wet tights and skirt, feeling extra naughty. She skips the night time pee, and drifts off to sleep, in her wet uniform and a half filled bladder.

