The Potion Incident

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2016-06-21 15:27

What's up, everyone? I've been working on some stories for some regular writing and... inevitably, I wound up dreaming up some omorashi scenarios for the characters.

So, here's this story concept I've wanted to work with for a while. I finally decided to just go ahead and do it. It's planned to be a multiple part series. Hope you enjoy.

Warning: may contain loli.

###

Samantha Adder walked through the nearly-empty halls of the academy, her destination laser-focused in her brain. She took a sip from her cup of coffee, her third of the day. Normally, she didn’t drink nearly that much all at once, but this week was different.

This was the week of the field agent exams, quite possibly the most important week of her life. She was one of the most promising apprentices in the entire academy, and doing well in these exams would mean moving on to the next step. If she succeeded, she would become a full-fledged sorceress.

The actual test wasn’t until the end of the week, which meant Samantha had five full days to prepare. Five days full of anxiety, sleep deprivation, obsessive training, and excessive caffeine. Yup, the most important week of her life.

As Sam rounded the corner toward the training rooms, she was met by Matthew Specter, her old partner from back in training.

“Ah, Sam, just who I wanted to see.” He said, stepping directly in front of her and cutting off her path, “Can you come and help me test something?”

Samantha sighed in response. She didn’t really have the energy to waste on his experiments right now. “What do you need, Matt?”

“Well, I’ve been working on this potion, and I needed a test subject for its first run.”

“You do know this week is the field agent exams, right? I need to prepare and I need to be in top form. I can’t go around chugging experimental potions.”

“I thought you might say that.” Matt said, waving a finger in front of her face, “But I bet you’ll change your mind when you hear what it’s supposed to do.”

“Yeah, and what’s that?” Sam asked, glaring at him.

“The idea is that it’s supposed to accelerate cellular regeneration in the muscles and skin to a near instantaneous rate.” Matt rambled excitedly.

“Meaning?” Sam prompted, raising an impatient eyebrow.

“Meaning it would all but eliminate feelings of fatigue and cut recovery times by up to ninety-nine percent!”

This caught her attention.

“And you really think that will work?”

“It would probably require from fine-tuning after the first batch,” Matt admitted, shaking his head from side to side, “but yes. I’ve done all the calculations and materials research- as well as some preliminary, non-human, testing- and all the results suggest it should work perfectly.”

“So, what about the side-effects?” Samantha asked, not getting infected by Matt’s excitement.

“Side-effects?” Matt echoed, confused.

“Yeah, like the last time I tested a potion for you.”

“Oh, that… Don’t worry, I managed to isolate the combustive agent and control for it. There’s no chance of that happening again.”

“And the time before that?”

“Okay, I already told you, I don’t know why you turned purple. Given I haven’t been able to replicate it, I’m chocking that up to an anomaly. It won’t happen again.”

“So you’re sure this will work?” Sam asked again, her tone softening.

“According to my calculations, there’s a sixty percent chance it should work exactly as expected.”

Matt lifted up a finger and cut off Sam before she could protest, “But there is a ninety-nine percent chance that it will not have any adverse effects. It should either work as expected, or produce no effect at all.”

“What’s the other one percent?” Sam persisted, her fears not put to ease.

“Just accounting for statistical anomalies.” Matt said, “Things I hadn’t foreseen: interactions between ingredients in these quantities, effects from the environment of the human body, minor and incredibly specific details.”

“Don’t worry about that, though,” Matt continued, “I’m certain that, should anything go wrong, I should be able to fix it without any issue.”

“How are you so sure of that?” Sam questioned incredulously.

Matt let out a noise somewhere between a scoff and a chuckle. “Look who you’re talking to.” He said.

Sam exhaled heavily. It was true, Matt was the top of his class in many categories, not least of which being potion making.

“Fine, but make it quick.” Sam finally relented.

“Excellent!” Matt exclaimed, all but jumping for joy.

Before long, they had made their way to Matt’s lab. It didn’t look too far from the average chemistry lab, except the labeling consisted of strange magic symbols, rather than scientific warning labels.

“No outside food or drink in the lab, please.” Matt commented, pointing to a nearby trash can, as they were just outside the door.

Samantha was not about to throw away perfectly good coffee. Standing in the doorway, she quickly chugged what was left of the slightly cooled liquid and chucked the empty cup in the garbage.

Without saying another word, Matt made his way over to a shelf and pulled out a bottle containing a pale yellow liquid. He slid it across the table to Samantha and picked up his clipboard, eagerly positioning himself to take notes.

Sam stared apprehensively at the bottle. She agreed to it earlier, but now the reality of the situation was setting in. She was really about to test this with no idea what could happen. If something went wrong, it could cost her valuable preparation time. Or, worse yet, it could make her miss the exam altogether- meaning Sam would have to wait another year before taking it. It had begun to set in that taking a risk now could mean a whole additional year as an apprentice.

She looked up at Matt who was still waiting eagerly with his clipboard. Sam had trusted him many times in the past. While there were mistakes here and there, he would never intentionally hurt her. And if it worked, this potion’s effects would be incredibly helpful.

After a few moments’ hesitation, Samantha uncorked the bottle and chugged its contents.

She slammed the bottle down on the table, suppressing a gag as she swallowed the last of the potion. It was very bitter and felt like a wax coating the inside of her mouth. Then again, potions rarely tasted good.

After fighting off another gag reflex, she looked back at Matt. “So what should I expect now?” She asked, only now realizing she hadn’t thought about how he intended to test if the potion worked.

“The effects should start to set in before a minute has passed.” Matt answered, writing something on his clipboard. “You might feel a slight tingling sensation.”

“Okay, and-” Sam was cut off mid-sentence as she was overtaken by a sudden, strange feeling. Her head started spinning and the edges of her vision started to dim. She completely lost her sense of balance. The rest of her felt fine, but her head was swimming and she was starting to black out. As her vision faded, Sam reached out to the nearest table to try and catch herself. Then, everything went dark…

When Sam returned to consciousness, she seemed to be on her knees next to the table. She couldn’t feel anything, her whole body was numb. She tried to stand up, but couldn’t manage to raise herself any higher.

Sam looked around. Her vision was back to normal, at least. When she looked over at Matthew, he was staring at her, a look of pure astonishment on his face as his hand worked furiously over his clipboard.

“How long was I out?” Samantha asked. Something seemed weird about her voice, but she couldn’t quite put her finger on it. It just hit her ear wrong. It was still familiar, but it didn’t sound quite like she expected her voice to.

“Out?” Matt asked, pausing his writing for just a moment, “Assuming you lost consciousness around the time you lunged forward, you were out for…” He looked over his notes, “About thirty-six seconds.”

Well, at least she hadn’t lost too much time. Although that did little to calm her feeling of unease.

“What happened?” She asked. Now she was sure something was off about her voice, but still couldn’t quite figure it out.

“Well… how should I put this?” Matt bounced the eraser of his pencil off his chin, “You’re, well… younger.”

“What?” Sam asked slowly. She heard the words he said, but the statement didn’t quite make sense. “What does that mean?”

It was then that the problem finally clicked. Samantha realized what was wrong with her voice: it was higher pitched than normal.

“Well, I can’t say for sure, but if I were to guess, I’d say you’ve reverted to a form that is about half the age you were before.” Matt explained without looking up from his notes. His tone was so flat, like he didn’t just tell someone he supposedly shaved over a decade off their life.

“You’re joking, right?”

Samantha tried to stand again, but still couldn’t rise up at all. She looked over at her hand that was still braced against the table. That’s when she saw it. A cold chill radiated through her. Samantha’s arm was significantly smaller, less muscular, and shorter than it should be. She looked down and realized why she couldn’t get up: she was already standing up. She really was smaller. No way! This couldn’t be real, could it?

“This is fascinating!” Matt shouted in excitement, “I’ve never seen anything like this. I mean so many questions. Where did all that mass go? It can’t have just disappeared. And Think of the implications, a reverse aging potion! We’ll need to conduct some tests, but this could be a precursor to some sort of elixir of life!”

“Hey!” Sam shouted, snapping her significantly shrunken fingers. “That’s great and all, but you need to fix this right now! I don’t have time to go walking around as a middle schooler.”

Matt stopped writing and lifted his face from the clipboard, staring down at Samantha. His expression was completely blank.

“You do know how to fix this, right?”

Matt looked back down at his notes and continued writing.

“Are you trying to tell me you don’t know how to fix me?!” Sam practically shouted.

Matt cleared his throat, “Well, I don’t have anything on-hand to get you back to normal, no. But don’t worry. It should only be a matter of researching the potion further and reverse-engineering it into a cure.”

“And how long will that take?” Sam was growing equal parts impatient and nervous.

“It’s easy enough. Should only take me a couple of days, I’m sure.”

“A couple days?” Samantha asked through grit teeth. “You do realize the field agent exams are this week? If you don’t have me fixed up in time-” She took a threatening step toward Matt, but her pace was cut short. Her foot caught on some kind of resistance and she nearly tripped.

“Don’t worry.” Matt said calmly, “I assure you, I’ll put my full efforts behind studying these effects and finding a fix. You’ll absolutely be back to normal in time for the exam. However…”

Matthew paused and looked Samantha over for a moment, “I believe our first priority should be finding you a change of clothes.”

“Change of clothes?” Samantha echoed slowly.

She looked down to examine herself again. In all the shock, she hadn’t processed it before. While her body had shrunk, her clothes did not. Now, her clothes were positively hanging off of her. Right now, her sagging t-shirt was pretty much the only thing keeping Sam’s newly-reverted body from being completely exposed.

“I’m sure we have some old robes lying around that should be sufficient.” Matt said.

Sam felt herself start blushing. “I’m not walking around in nothing but a robe!”

“Yes, I suppose that would impair your movements and restrict your usefulness.” Matthew drummed his pencil against the clipboard for a moment.

“Ah!” He said in sudden realization, “Doesn’t that student, Allison Larks, have a younger sister around your age? Maybe she’d be able to help.”

Without waiting for a response, Matt set down his clipboard and quickly left the room, leaving Samantha alone in the lab.

This was mortifying. Not only did she look like a kid, but now someone else was being brought in to gawk at the sight. Sam really hated the idea of someone else getting dragged in. The fewer people that knew about this, the better.

For now, the room was completely silent, giving Samantha time to reflect. Here she was, in the body of a little girl, practically naked in the laboratory. She was five days from taking the most important exam of her life and they had no idea when- or if- they would be able to fix her. This had to be a dream right? This couldn’t be real. It was a stress dream or something.

These frantic thoughts were cut off as Matt returned, followed by a young woman.

“You have a sister, right?” Matt asked, “Around twelve years old, if I recall correctly.”

“Yeah.” The girl answered.

“Do you think we could borrow some of her clothes?”

“Wait, why?” Allison asked, sounding both confused and worried. She then looked around the room and laid eyes on Samantha, still barely covered by a t-shirt that was once a perfect fit.

“Oh…” Allison gasped. “Yeah, I think she’s about the right size. I could probably snag some of my sister’s clothes without anyone noticing. I can be back soon.”

Allison immediately turned and ran out of the room.

“For now, I think it would be best if we got you somewhere more private. You’d only get in the way staying here, anyway.” Matt commented. He tossed a baggy black robe over to Samantha.

Sam quickly wrapped herself in the robe and slid out of her old clothes. This was insane. She was very careful to keep the robe close and well wrapped.

Once she was sure of her new covering, Matt lead Sam out of the room. As they traveled down the hall, Samantha kept looking around frantically. She really didn’t want anyone else to see her like this. Thankfully, the halls of the academy were sparsely populated during exam time, so she seemed to be doing well in this endeavor.

Along the way, Sam took a few chances to intermittently glare up at Matthew. Matthew didn’t seem to notice these looks, though, as he only bore a wide smile on his face.

Soon enough, Samantha was lead into a small break room down the hall. It was a small room containing a single bed and a desk with a chair. A dim bulb was the only source of light.

“I’ll be sure to let Allison know where you are when she returns.” Matt said before leaving, shutting the door behind him.

Once the door was shut, Samantha reached up and turned the lock to make sure no one would walk in on her. She sat down on the bed, having to lift herself up to position herself on top of the mattress. It was strange being this small. Sam hadn’t realized just how much she had grown over the years.

She looked at her hands. Her fingers were so small now. Her feet couldn’t touch the ground from where she was sitting. Everything about her was so much smaller. Now that Sam really had time to process things, she noticed just how soft and smooth her skin had become. It really was true, she hadn’t just shrunk, she was in a younger body. That… didn’t seem possible. It was insane. Even in a world of magic and potions, something like this was impossible. The act of altering someone’s body was possible, but not without a great deal of effort. But to actually revert someone to a younger age… it was unheard of.

Sam rubbed her hands together. It was still taking some time to get used to the feeling of her new body. As she sat in the silence of the room, she tried to focus on each part of her system, making sure everything was still where it should be.

After a few minutes of this, Samantha realized there was another new sensation in her body. Now that her nerves had calmed down, she was able to feel something else. It wasn’t something she had never felt before, but she hadn’t noticed it until now.

Sam felt a slight tingling between her legs. Slightly above that, just below her stomach, there was a dull pressure. In all the excitement, she couldn’t believe she didn’t notice. Sam had to pee. Badly.

She supposed it made sense. After all, she had drunk three cups of coffee that morning. Normally, that wouldn’t be too bad. She did that every so often without any problems. But since her outsides had gotten smaller, it only made sense that her insides would shrink, too. Because of that, all that liquid now lead to an incredibly full bladder.

Samantha knew the building very well. There was a bathroom just down the hall; she could easily make it if she ran.

Still, she didn’t exactly like that option. She hated the idea of anyone seeing her like this. Of course, unless she planned on holding it in for the next few days, she would have to go sometime. But right now, Sam was only barely covered by an old robe wrapped around her. That wouldn’t be easy to maintain in her rush, and it could get in the way if she had to run. Even if Sam had to come to terms with people seeing her little kid body, there was no way she was going to risk them seeing her naked.

As it was, it seemed Sam was stuck in this room until someone came along with a change of clothes for her to wear. That couldn’t take long, right?

Samantha crossed her legs and breathed deeply, trying to distract herself from her ever-growing need for a bathroom. Unfortunately, the emptiness of the room didn’t exactly yield itself to any kind of distraction. Instead, all she could think about was the building ocean in her bladder and how incredibly good it would feel to let it out.

Within minutes, Sam was bouncing on the spot, trying to keep all her liquid contained. Every few seconds, she had to stop, as this bouncing provoked a few new spasms from her bladder. In the silence of the room, Sam swore she could hear the bodily fluids sloshing around inside her.

The worst part of the situation was the speed at which her desperation was building. It was continuing to get worse with no signs of slowing down. It seemed all that coffee was not done filtering through her system just yet.

‘Where is Allison with those clothes?’ She thought frantically. ‘It shouldn’t take this long to get home and back, right? She only lives… across… the… city…’ The reality had begun to sink in that she may be in for a long wait.

‘Alright, Sam,’ she thought, ‘just focus. You’re almost a full-fledged sorceress. This is just another issue of mind over matter.’

Sam came to the conclusion that the upcoming exams should be a distracting enough thought. Not to mention, it would be a good idea to review her knowledge, since she had nothing else to do.

She breathed heavily, trying to tighten her focus. “Alright,” She said aloud to no one in particular, “when faced with a werewolf whose curse is unknown- Ah!”

Her impromptu quiz was rudely interrupted as her bladder decided to chime in again. This particular reminder was worse. Sam felt a very small spurt of pee escape from her. It wasn’t much this time, but she could feel the wetness on her thighs. The rest of it wasn’t far behind, either. Sam could feel more fluid rushing through her urethra. It wanted to be out, and it didn’t want to wait anymore.

Samantha slowly slid her arms inside her robe and thrust them between her legs. The second she spread her thighs to make room for her hands, she felt the full force of her predicament. The constant, throbbing pain was immense. In the milliseconds between parting her legs and clamping her hands down, Sam almost thought she was done for.

Thankfully, she had it contained for now, but it was not easy. Sam rocked back and forth, putting all the strength she had left in her shrunken body into not letting anything else escape.

“Alright, think about this, Sam,” She coached, “what would a field agent do? You’re trapped in a compromising position and you need to use the bathroom.”

She stopped for a second, freezing in place to combat another painful spasm.

“Alright, first step: evaluate your options.” She took a deep breath and looked around the room.

Sadly, the only things in sight were the desk and the chair. Sam spotted a trash can in the corner, but her hopes were dashed as soon as they arose. Further inspection revealed it to be a mesh structure, meaning anything poured into it would just leak out.

“It seems my only choices are to leave the room or continue waiting.” She sighed.

As Sam leaned over, fighting another escape attempt by the contents of her bladder, a terrifying realization hit her. Even if she held it until someone got her clothes to change into, she would still need to successfully change and get to the bathroom.

That would be even worse than peeing herself; peeing in the clothes someone just went across town to get for her and immediately needing to find something new to change into.

This thought, combined with the encouragement of another wave of pressure in her lower half, finally brought Sam to a decision. She would have to swallow her pride and risk being seen in this baggy robe. That seemed like the only good choice. Now, all she had to do was get to the bathroom, sit on the toilet, and…

Sam let out a sudden gasp, snapping out of her short daydream. She felt the palms of her hands get wet. It was time to stop thinking and start acting.

She slung her legs forward and slid off the bed, feeling another small spurt escape as she landed. This was acceptable, she was still in control. Now there was another problem: the door. She couldn’t keep holding herself with both hands while opening the door.

Sam took a few careful steps, trying to maintain her fragile balance, and got to the door. Now it was time for the hard part. Sam removed her hand from between her thighs, quickly clenching her thighs to try and make up for the missing pressure.

She reached up and turned the knob, but the door wouldn’t open. That’s right. She locked the door. Sam mentally kicked herself for doing that. This was an obstacle which she could not afford right now.

Sam stretched her arm up further, reaching for the lock on the door. She could reach it, but it was clear she was taking effort away from where it was needed. Just as she touched the lock, Sam felt a slow stream start to leak into her palm and start winding between her fingers.

Sam quickly turned the lock and pushed the door open. She then immediately pressed her hand back in between her legs and stopped, dancing on the spot, trying to contain the flow. After a bit of effort, she managed to cut it off for the moment.

Now all that was left was the hallway. No more obstacles. All she had to do was maintain control for a few more feet.

Unfortunately, it did not seem this was going to be possible. The second Sam turned the corner into the hallway, another leak started. It wasn’t powerful, just a constant dribble of pee, but this one wasn’t stopping. It looked like the mission had shifted from prevention to damage control.

Sam started running down the hall, but had to stop after only a few steps. The dribble suddenly grew into a full stream. She bent over and tightened her grip. Sam managed to reign the flow back in for the moment, but it seemed running was out of the question.

From that point, Samantha waddled down the hall, taking small, delicate steps, her hands firmly planted between her legs. Even with all her effort, the small dribble persisted, interspersed with an extra strong spurt every few feet.

Finally, after all her effort, the end was in sight. Sam was standing in front of the bathroom door. This was it, her final obstacle.

She removed her now-dripping hand from the front of her robe and reached for the doorknob. She tried to turn it, but her hand slipped off. It was much harder to get a grip with her palm completely drenched. After a couple tries, Samantha tightened her grip and managed to open the door.

The moment Sam saw the toilet, there was no holding back. The small dribble strengthened instantly. Sam was no longer leaking, she was peeing!

In an instant, Sam decided it would do more harm trying to contain this than making her move, so she took action quickly.

Sam stepped into the bathroom, shut the door, and ran the few steps over to the toilet. All the while, she could feel the warm stream slipping between her fingers and winding its way down her legs, covering her feet.

In a few steps, she was there. Samantha removed her hands to open up and lift her robe, revealing her glistening lower body. She hoisted herself onto the toilet and… nothing.

Sam had made it to the toilet, but all that was left was a tiny trickle. She tried to force a stream to start, and managed to bring forth a few extra spurts, but that was it. Pretty much all the contents of Sam’s bladder were now covering her body, the robe, and the floor.

Mortified, Sam hung her heard. She dropped her robe back into place and wrapped it tightly around her like a security blanket.

Sam shifted back on the toilet seat and placed her wet feet on the rim. She then rested her head against her knees, fighting back tears. She was turned into a kid, she had wet herself, she wasn’t about to let herself start crying. At that point, she would basically just be a baby.

She thought about her situation again. Right now, she was nothing but a wet little girl. Someone who, in just a few days, was going to try and become a full-fledged sorceress and she just wet herself. Could she really do it at this point? After all this, was she really worthy of even taking the exam, let alone passing?

Sam’s depressive thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door. She had been so lost in her own head, she had no idea how much time had passed.

“Go away.” She snapped at the door.

“Sam?” She heard another girl’s voice from the other side.

“Yeah.” She sighed.

Slowly, the door opened and Allison walked in, a neatly folded set of clothes under her arm. She looked somber as her eyes met the humiliated apprentice.

“Oh, good.” Allison said, a cautious smile breaking out on her face, “I thought you, like, reverted to a toddler or something.”

“Not. Funny.” Sam muttered.

“Sorry.”

The two were silent for a moment, then Sam finally asked, “How did you know I was in here?”

“I just followed the trail.” Allison said, pointing at the reflective liquid coating the bathroom floor, and the path it left down the hallway.

Samantha’s face grew even warmer. Her eyes started stinging again. She wiped them against her forearm, gritting her teeth to force herself not to cry.

“Did you need me to bring you some… protection, too?” Allison asked, awkwardly.

“No.” Sam said, burying her face in her knees again, “I still have control over that. Just… I overestimated my new body’s limits…”

“Hey,” Allison said, setting the clothes down on the counter. She walked over and carefully crouched down in a relatively dry spot, “I bet the same thing would happen to anyone in your position. It’s just and accident, we all have them.”

Allison’s tone was soft and soothing, like she was talking to a child. Part of Sam hated being talked to like that, but another part of her liked how gentle and caring it sounded.

“Tell you what,” Allison added, lifting Sam’s head so their eyes met, “You get yourself cleaned up and changed, and I’ll work on cleaning up the hallway. Okay?”

Sam felt tears welling up in her eyes again. Why was she in this position? Why did she need to be treated this way? She was supposed to be a grown woman, an example to the students.

“Okay.” Sam responded, her voice quivering.

“No one needs to know about this, it’ll be our little secret, okay?” Allison said, lifting a finger in front of her mouth and giving a wink. “We’ll get you cleaned up, into some clean clothes, and get back to working on finding a cure to this weirdness.”

Sam nodded wordlessly.

A few seconds after Allison left the room, Sam got off the toilet and grabbed a wad of toilet paper. First, she did her best to dry off her legs, then her feet and her other parts. After that, she washed her hands and took the clothes off the counter.

Allison had brought everything, including a small, pink pair of underwear. It was embarrassingly childish, but at least no one should be seeing it.

Sam got changed into the light blue t-shirt, jeans, and clean socks that were brought. The clothes fit well enough. It felt strangely good to be back in clean, dry, normal-fitting clothes. It brought a weird amount of comfort after Samantha’s ordeal.

Soon after she got changed, Allison came back in with a few towels and the girls worked together to clean up the floor.

After they finished that, they put the towels and dampened robe away in the laundry room. Then they went to meet up with Matthew in the lab. There was a lot to get figured out about this situation, but hopefully it would be fixed before too many questions had to be answered.

‘Matt better find a cure fast,’ Samantha thought, ‘for his sake.’

_________________________________________

Thanks for reading, any feedback/suggestions would be appreciated.

*006*2016-06-29 23:43

{{On 6/21/2016 at 10:41 AM, Night Rain said:

How about Allison is the victim of the next wetting?

}}

I can't guarantee that it'll be the very next wetting, but I assure you, I've not intention to letting Allison reach the end of the story completely dry.

{{On 6/24/2016 at 4:21 PM, abowtadaa said:

Very good story, what about have Allison little sister in the next story

}}

{{On 6/24/2016 at 4:30 PM, Night Rain said:

Then Allison's little sis can befriend Sam?

}}

Hmm, I honestly hadn't thought of that before. Yeah, I could probably include some interactions with her in later chapters. That would be interesting.

Thanks everyone for the feedback and suggestions, I'm glad people are enjoying this so far. If all goes well, look forward to the next chapter coming out some time within the week.

*012*2017-09-20 07:01

Hello, there, everyone. Long time no see.

I meant to revive this story a long time ago, but it takes a while to gather up the 10,000 gold for a resurrection when you work retail.

Anyway, the new chapter's finally done. This one has a lot more story to it than desperation components.

Hope y'all enjoy. As always feedback and/or suggestions are welcome.

_____________________________________________

Samantha and Allison walked slowly through the Academy’s halls as they made their way back to the lab. Sam was still getting used to her new legs. Every stride was so much shorter than she was used to. It felt like she was working twice as hard to cover half the distance. She was moving so slow.

Meanwhile, her thoughts were racing. This was as unbelievable as it was humiliating. In the span of about an hour, Samantha Adder- the promising adult apprentice sorcerer on the verge of taking the most important test of her life- was turned into a child, wet herself, and changed into a set of clothes borrowed from a student’s little sister.

Of all her strange adventures in this world of magic, this was probably Samantha’s most surreal. She hoped it would be over soon.

There was a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. What if it wasn’t over soon? Or worse, what if Matt couldn’t find a cure? What if there was something even worse that came out of this potion?

“Are you going to be alright on your own from here?” Allison asked as they reached the lab door.

Sam hesitated for a moment, “I think I might like a little back-up… You know, in case I have to explain what just happened.”

Allison let out a slight chuckle, which didn’t help Sam feel any better.

“No problem, I got your back.” She assured.

“And just to be clear,” Samantha added, looking up at the student- she would never get used to this angle, “that stays between us. Spector doesn’t need to know any of what happened back there.” She tried to say this as harshly as possible. Sam realized her young voice just didn’t carry the same force as her normal one.

“Of course,” Allison assured, “like I said, it’s our little secret.”

Sam took a deep breath and placed a hand on the door. Her anxiety spiked at that very moment. Right now, there were so many possibilities lying behind that door. She could find out that Matt had already found a cure and this whole ordeal would be over. She could also find out that there was an entirely worse problem he found in the formula. Once she opened the door, all of those possibilities would disappear and one would be forced into being.

Still, delaying wouldn’t make anything better. Sam put on a brave face and pushed forward into the room.

On the other side, they found Matthew standing at his desk, staring over a few papers while writing things down in a notebook. Sam’s old clothes were still sitting in a haphazard pile on the floor.

Matt looked over his shoulder as the girls entered.

“Ah, there you are.” He said, marking his place in the book. He glanced at the pocket watch lying on the desk before adding, “That took longer than expected. Were there any complications?”

“Uh, well…” Sam started slowly, feeling the blood rush to her face. She tried to find a lie to cover for herself.

“Sorry, that was my fault.” Allison interrupted, “I kind of got lost on my way to her room.” She added with a nervous chuckle

“Hmm, strange…” Matthew muttered, “I thought the directions were rather clear.”

“No matter, you’re here now.” He continued, completely shifting gears, “It’s good to see that there were no delayed effects.”

Samantha had to hide her sigh of relief that he bought that cover story. She looked up at Allison and caught her eyes. Sam tried to say “thank you” using only her facial expression. This task proved to be a lot more difficult than she thought, but it looked like Allison got the message.

“Now that you are here,” Matthew continued, picking up his clipboard and turning to the girls, “I suppose we should continue with the next few steps.”

“’The next steps’?” Samantha echoed, “Did you find a fix?” She asked, trying not to get her hopes up.

“No, not yet.” Matt admitted, “But I’ve got some ideas. I wanted to ask a few questions now that you’ve had time to get more familiar with your new body. These will help me understand the parameters of the potion’s effects. The more I can narrow it down, the quicker I can come up with a solution.”

Something about the phrase “get familiar with your new body” made Sam very uncomfortable.

“Alright,” She responded, “let’s get this over with. What do you want to know?”

“First, let us establish the obvious.” Matthew started, flipping through some papers on his clipboard, “Is everything still in the correct place?”

This question caught Samantha off guard. It almost felt like a trick question.

“Y-yes?” She answered, slowly.

“You can never tell with extreme body modifications.” Matt defended.

He scribbled a few notes before continuing, “Second- now that you’ve had time for at least a cursory examination of this new body- can you confirm that you are, in fact, younger?”

“What do you mean?” Samantha returned.

“Well, you have obviously changed, you are smaller. However, can you confirm that this is more than just a shrunken down version of yourself? That you are indeed younger? Do you feel different? Did things shrink disproportionately?”

“Well,” Samantha looked down at her chest. While it was never exactly ample before, it was now completely flat. “Yes. I’m pretty sure I’m actually younger.”

“Very well.” Matt continued writing, “Third, is everything still functioning properly with this new body?”

“What do you mean by that?”

Matt looked at her as though he though the question was obvious.

“Is everything still working? Have you noticed any impairment in thought patterns or motor functions, changes in biological processes, lack of coordination?”

“Aside from getting used to the ground being closer and everything around me being bigger, I’d say I’m still in control.”

“Good, good. Have you noticed any weakened control- or loss of control- of any voluntary functions?”

Samantha paused for a second, her cheeks growing red again. She thought about her accident. No, there was no way she could admit that to Matt. Besides, there was no way that was relevant. It was just a weird coincidence, right? Right. Obviously.

Samantha cleared her throat, “N-nope.” She denied, uneasily, “Nope, definitely haven’t noticed that. I’m still in control of my body and all its functions.” She added a bit too obviously.

Sam could feel Allison’s concerned gaze turned to her, but she didn’t dare look over at the student. She just hoped the moment would pass and Allison wouldn’t correct her.

“Alright, that’s good.” Matt said, seemingly oblivious to the awkwardness emanating from Samantha.

“Finally, you would place yourself somewhere around the age of ten, give or take a few years, correct?”

“More or less.” Sam answered, “I haven’t exactly looked at any old picture in a while.”

“Had your magical powers manifested by that age?”

“No…” She answered slowly, her voice dropping.

This question dropped like a ton of bricks on Samantha’s chest. She took a deep, shuddering breath as the implications started to sink in. Sam’s eyes fell to the floor and she fell back to sit against the wall.

“I take it you haven’t tested if you’re still capable of using them?” Matt went on.

Sam shook her head slowly and responded with a faint, “No.”

Matthew let out a disapproving hum. For a moment, the only sound in the room was his pencil scratching against the paper.

Sam’s breathing became shallow. Her heart was in her throat. That couldn’t be the case, could it? There was no way she had just lost her magical powers to this potion. That was impossible, right? Yeah, impossible, like a potion that could turn a grown woman back into a child…

Before now, all Sam had thought about were the physical implications of this change: how people wouldn’t take her seriously or how it would impact her performance on the exams. She didn’t stop to consider if she could even still take the exams.

If she really was younger, did that mean her powers would go dormant again?

If this were true, Sam wouldn’t have to worry about waiting another year for the exams. No, instead she would be tossed all the way back to square one. Years of effort all undone by one bad decision and an overconfident teammate. Half a lifetime of work could have been wiped out in an instant.

Sam wanted so much to disprove that theory right now. She wanted nothing more than to just wave her hand and cast a spell- levitate something, create a spark, anything. But she couldn’t. She was too afraid of what would happen, or that nothing would. She couldn’t focus enough to remember a single spell. She couldn’t move to try and cast one. She was paralyzed by this new fear.

Sam jumped as she was ripped back into the waking world by a hand on her shoulder. She looked up to see this hand was attached to Allison.

“It’ll be fine.” The student broke the silence. “I’m sure you’re alright. And we’ll find a way to return you back to normal. No worries.”

Sam took a deep breath. Right, of course. Logically, there was no way her powers were lost just like that. Everything would be fixed. Of course. Everything was fine. Totally…

She looked up at Allison’s face. She was smiling a gentle, though not entirely confident, smile. This made Sam feel a little better. Why was it so comforting?

Samantha exhaled deeply and returned a weak smile. “Thanks.” She choked out.

“No sense dwelling on that right now.” Matthew interjected, “I’m sure this is something of a confusing experience. Any results would be contaminated by your current mental state. We’ll hold off on those tests until later.”

“Gee, thanks for the reassurance.” Sam shot back, trying to regain her composure.

Matthew looked at her in confusion for a moment before returning to his notes. “That’s it for the questions. Perhaps now would be a good time to move on to some physical tests.”

“What kind of tests?” Sam asked.

“Just a few exercises.” He explained, “I want to get a better understanding of the physical capabilities of your new body.”

“Could we stop calling it my ‘new’ body?” Samantha interrupted, “It makes it seem way too permanent.”

“What would you prefer we call it?” Matt asked, not masking his impatience, “Your ‘current’ body? ‘Young’? ‘Transformed’?”

“I don’t know,” Sam shook her head. There was already too much to think about without adding semantics into the mix. “Let’s just get going. I don’t want to be this way long enough to have to think about that.”

“Very well,” He nodded, “So are you ready to move on? Do you feel rested, in good condition?”

“As good as I can feel, I guess.” She responded.

“Excellent.” Matt returned.

He turned to the other girl, “Allison, would you care to assist?”

Allison looked at him and responded with a simple “Huh?”

“It would be helpful to have someone to assist in monitoring the subject so I am free to take notes and observe.” He explained.

“Excuse me?!” Sam shouted, “’The Subject’? I’m right here.”

“My apologies,” Matt said, unapologetically, “but I find detachment helps to increase my objectivity, and, therefore, my reasoning abilities.”

Sam quietly fumed.

“Well,” Allison started, slowly, “I was supposed to be doing some reviews with Mr. Marcos in about twenty minutes…”

“No matter. I’m sure Marcos would be more than willing to give you a pass if you explain that you’re helping me with an experiment.”

Allison looked down at Sam, who looked back up, pleading. Samantha hated everything about this situation, but Allison made it slightly more bearable. With Allison, Sam didn’t feel like she was doing this all alone.

“Alright, I’ll do it.” Allison agreed, “I already know the stuff Mr. Marcos was going to review, anyway.”

“Excellent.” Matthew said, almost triumphantly. “Then I suppose it’s time we head to the gym.”

“Wait, the gym?” Sam asked in surprise.

“Yes. I want to test how your physical traits have changed. This will be a far different task if your strength and endurance have changed than if they haven’t.”

Sam took another deep breath. It was close to exam time, there probably wouldn’t be too many people around the gym. She especially didn’t want any of the gym regulars to see her like this.

“Ok, let’s go.” She said, finally.

The trio walked through the winding halls of the academy toward the small gym they had available. The gym was nearly on the opposite side of the building from the labs. Sam often wondered if that was by design.

Samantha stayed in the middle of the group during this trek, hoping to avoid any wandering eyes. She wasn’t sure if any passers-by would even recognize her, but she didn’t want to take that chance.

The gym was empty when they arrived, much to Samantha’s relief.

It was a small gym, and nothing fancy by any stretch of the imagination. Most of the equipment there was older than any of the students. Still, it saw regular use, mostly by academy members looking to test transformation and charms, but a few used it for its intended purpose.

“Now then,” Matthew began, lifting his clipboard and pencil, “I think we should start with some strength testing. Perhaps we could start with the one-armed weight lift. You know, where you lift one from your hip to your shoulder…”

“You mean a bicep curl?” Sam asked, incredulously. Matt was certainly an advanced academic, but his knowledge of exercise certainly needed a work out.

Matthew cleared his throat, “Yes, that. What weight do you typically begin such exercises with?”

“Personally? About 30 pounds if I’m warming up.”

Samantha felt a dash of pride as she heard an impressed hum from Allison.

“Very well, then we should begin there.” Matt said, turning to his notes.

Samantha sighed to herself and approached the rack of dumbbells sitting against the wall. She reached over and grabbed the familiar weight.

The first attempt at picking it up was met with far more resistance than the young sorcerer expected. Nevertheless, the persisted. With a grunt, Sam managed to lift the dumbbell and remove it from the rack, only to have her hand immediately fall to her side.

By now, Sam knew what she expected, but decided to test it anyway. She tried to lift her arm in the usual curl motion, but her arm was wobbly and she struggled to lift it any higher than it already was.

“Forgive me for judging,” Matthew said after a moment, “but I do not believe that is proper form.”

Sam let out a breath and stopped straining, “Gee, you think?” She snapped.

She made another attempt to lift it, but made no more progress than before.

“It’s too heavy, I can’t lift it.” She finally admitted.

The grating noise of pencil on paper sounded throughout the gym as Allison help Sam to get the weight back into its proper place.

“You weren’t just exaggerating to impress me, right?” Matthew asked without a hint of irony, “That is a normal weight for you to lift?”

“Yes!” Sam shouted back. All the set-backs of today were really starting to wear on her patience.

“Alright, then. I suppose we should move on to the next test…”

The tests continued, with each result being much like the last. No matter what exercise she did- crunches, squats, dead lifts, etc. - Sam couldn’t do what she was normally able to. The weights all just felt too heavy and she felt tired so much faster.

It made sense; Sam hadn’t started seriously working out until she was a teenager. Still, it was just so frustrating. Not only did this set her back in her studies, now it impacted her exercise routine as well? It was like everything Samantha had ever worked for was ripped away from her.

To round it all out, Matthew had Sam running laps around the academy’s small courtyard.

After maybe ten minutes of running, Sam slowed to a stop in front of him and Allison, panting heavily.

“Convinced yet?” She asked between gasps.

Allison handed Sam a water bottle, which she had been drinking from during these tests. She greedily drank what was left.

“Yes, I think that should do for now.” Matt agreed, writing down a few more notes.

“Now about your recovery time,” He began, “how do you feel that compares? Do you think you’re recovering faster than you normally would?”

Sam glared up at him. “Are you still testing if I’m a kid or not, or are you trying to see if your instant recovery potion worked?”

“Can’t I do both?” Matt asked, without any trace of humor.

“Listen, I-“ Sam started to protest, still breathing heavily. She was interrupted by a loud growl from her stomach. At that moment, she realized that, in all the excitement, she hadn’t eaten anything all day.

“Perhaps it is time for a break.” Matthew offered, ignoring her protest, “I believe I’ve gotten sufficient data for now.”

“Yeah, I could stand to eat.” Allison agreed quietly.

Samantha wanted to continue to express her outrage, but she was far too tired and hungry to pass up a meal break.

“Sounds good…” Sam relented.

A few minutes later, the three found themselves in the small kitchen area for academy staff. Thankfully, their strange timing meant the break room was empty. Most were either in courses, training, or out of the building for the day. As rough as today had been, Sam did take stock of how lucky she was to avoid being seen thus far.

Matthew set down three Styrofoam cups with paper covers on the table, placing one in front of each of the girls. He set down a plastic fork next to each cup.

“I figured this would serve as thanks for your help today.” Matthew explained.

“Gee, instant noodles. That must have set you back.” Samantha said sarcastically.

“And what did you bring to eat?” Matt shot back.

Samantha chose not to respond. She hadn’t thought to pack a meal for the day, mostly because she expected to be in and out of the building a lot today.

She had to admit, the noodles did smell good- though maybe that was just because it was the first solid food she had seen all day.

Allison just said a short “Thank you” as she was handed her cup.

Once the three of them had started eating, Allison floated a question to the group. “So what’s the plan now? Do you still need my help?”

Matthew stirred his noodles slightly. “Well, I believe I have enough data for now. I need a bit of time to sort through it and figure some things out. I suppose that means that you two are free to go about the rest of your day as you see fit.”

“And what exactly should I be doing?” Samantha asked. She looked at Matt, but she was more throwing that question out into the air.

“It’s up to you.” Matt answered, “If you wish to resume your training, you may. Otherwise, I would suggest you try to get some rest. You’ve done enough for now. I’ll have more information in the morning.”

The thought of training still made Sam feel uneasy. What if she really had lost her magic? She wouldn’t be able to do anything productive with that idea haunting her. Besides, she was tired. It was a stressful day.

“As for you, Allison,” He continued after slurping up another string of noodles, “you are free to continue to assist if you wish. I can promise that you will find some useful knowledge in the proceedings. You may also resume your coursework as normal. I believe I can handle any tests without you if that’s what you want.”

Allison looked at Samantha again. Sam looked back. She didn’t know what to say. Sam wanted Allison to stay; she was so helpful and kind. At the same time, Sam knew this had to have seriously upset Allison’s own training, so she couldn’t just ask her to uproot and stay with them.

“I’ll think about it.” Allison answered, noncommittally.

Allison took another bite of food before looking at the other two in realization, “If it’s going to be another few days, won’t Sammy need a few more sets of clothes to wear?”

Sam sat up at that realization. She hadn’t considered that. She probably shouldn’t wear just this one outfit if she was going to be stuck like this for a few days. And she might need some backup clothes in case she had another accident… Wait, no, why did she think that? That wasn’t going to happen! She wouldn’t let it.

“That’s a fair point.” Matt agreed, “I’m confident I can get this done before the end of the week, but you may want to prepare to spend a couple more days like this.” He slurped up a few more noodles. “Are you volunteering your assistance on this, Ms. Larks?”

Allison thought for a moment before answering, “Yes. My sister’s got enough spare clothes; she won’t miss a few more. I could pick them up when I go home. That sound alright, Sammy?”

Sam was too caught up in her own thoughts. How terrible would it be to have another accident? Especially in someone else’s clothes. The shame would be unbearable. But what else could she do? It wasn’t like she could just go out and buy a whole new wardrobe the way she was.

“Yeah, that sounds good.” She answered, almost automatically.

Then again, didn’t Allison say something about extra ‘protection’ earlier? No, why would she even consider that? That would be almost as bad. Why was she even thinking about having another accident, anyway?

Samantha shook her head and got up from her chair. She went over and poured herself a cup of coffee, trying to get her mind under control.

“Are you sure coffee’s a good idea right now?” Allison asked.

“Well, I need something to calm my nerves.” Sam answered, more defensively than she intended, “Since we can’t have alcohol on academy grounds, this is the next best thing.”

“Wouldn’t alcohol be inadvisable as well?” Matthew asked.

“Whatever, look…” Sam responded, getting flustered, “Just don’t worry about it. I can take care of myself.” She said, taking her seat.

“By the way…” Allison awkwardly tried to change the subject, “How are you planning on getting home? Are you staying here tonight?”

Samantha nearly choked on her coffee as that question hit her. Yet another obstacle in her way today. This was starting to get sad. Sam had forgotten how helpless it felt like to be a kid.

“I think I’d rather stay at my own place tonight.” She answered, “I have a lot of things to think about and I’d like to be alone for a while.”

“As for how I’ll get there…” She sighed, “I don’t know. I guess I can’t exactly drive like this, can I?”

“Then it’s settled.” Allison said, slamming her empty cup on the table for emphasis.

Sam shot her a questioning look.

“I’ll take you home tonight,” Allison explained, “on the way, we can stop by my house and pick up some clothes for the next couple days. Sound good?”

Samantha nodded, “Yeah, sounds great.”

As weird as it sounded, it felt good to have a plan after all the chaos that was today.

“Very well.” Matt agreed, picking out the last few morsel from his noodle cup, “You do that and I’ll get to work on the solution. We can meet back up tomorrow morning to figure out how to proceed from there.”

“Great.” Allison said, enthusiastically.

“Yeah, great.” Sam agreed, significantly less enthusiastically. She scraped the bottom of her Styrofoam cup. She found the cup noodles a lot more filling than usual. She guessed that made sense since her stomach would be smaller, too.

“Are you about ready to go?” Allison asked, looking down at Sam with a small smile, “I shouldn’t stay much longer. I need to check up on my sister.”

Sam considered the question for a moment, trying to remember if she had any unfinished business for today. She was almost certain she was forgetting something, but she really just wanted to be done with today.

“Sure, just let me grab my stuff and my clothes and I’ll be ready.” She said, finishing her coffee.

“Cool.” Allison said, “I’ll go grab my things and meet you at the lab, then?”

“Sounds good.” Sam agreed.

“Excellent.” Matthew piped up, turning his noodle cup upside down to be sure it was empty.

The group threw out their trash and went out into the hall. Allison parted ways with the apprentices, moving toward the classroom with hurried steps.

Samantha and Matthew were quiet most of the way back to the laboratory. Once they got to the door, Sam finally decided it was time to speak up.

“So you’re sure you can get this fixed, right?” She asked in a low voice.

“Did you forget who you’re talking to?” Matthew responded, walking through the door over to his desk without stopping to look at the young girl, “Of course I can.”

“No!” She shouted, stomping her foot for emphasis, “I need you to look me in the eyes and tell me the truth. I need to know that you can really fix me.” Her face was hot; she was barely fighting back tears. This had been building all day.

Matthew paused for a moment then looked down at her, his grey eyes meeting hers. “Yes.” He said, finally.

Matthew returned to thumbing through his notes.

“I hope you know…” He said slowly, “I do understand your concerns. You’re a very promising young woman. I have no intentions of setting you back. I will do everything I can to undo this error as quickly as possible. It would reflect poorly on me as an academic to do otherwise.”

This helped calm Sam’s fears slightly. At least she knew Matt was taking this seriously in his own way.

With a deep breath, Sam went over to the pile of clothes left over from earlier, still exactly where she left them. She dug around in the pockets of her old jeans to pick out her wallet, phone, and keys and put them in the pockets of her new clothes. They didn’t fit quite as well in the smaller clothes, but she managed to work it out with a little effort. Girl pockets really were the worst.

When she bent over to pick up her shirt, Sam felt a little pressure just below her stomach. It was the same familiar pressure as earlier, only this time, it wasn’t nearly as intense. Sam figured she could wait. She really wanted to just get out of here and put this day behind her. She would be able to wait until she got home.

With her clothes in hand and Matthew hard at work, Sam decided to step outside the lab to wait for Allison.

As she waited with nothing else to occupy her mind, Sam began to focus on the pressure between her legs. Again, it wasn’t like it was an emergency or anything, but she remembered how things escalated earlier. This wasn’t the same adult body she was used to, these things could build quickly.

Still, it wasn’t like she had three cups of coffee working through her system like earlier. That would become an issue sooner or later for anyone. It couldn’t possibly be that bad now. Besides, she didn’t want to make Allison wait.

A few minutes passed and Sam began to twitch a little. She wasn’t sure if it was because of her bladder or the caffeine from that last cup of coffee. Either way, she was sure it would go away once she got moving. For now, all she could do was wait.

A couple more minutes passed and Sam was sure that the twitching was a result of her need for a bathroom. After all, it had been a couple hours since… well, since she last peed. She shook her head again to try and get rid of that memory as the thoughts surfaced once more.

Allison would be back soon, she thought, and then it wouldn’t take much longer for her to get home. She could take care of it then.

After another minute or two, the pressure started to become more noticeable. It still wouldn’t be a big problem if she had something to do, Sam thought, but right now it was all she could think about. Maybe she should go before anything happened. Best not to take any risks in an unfamiliar body, right?

Right as Sam reached that decision, she saw Allison walking down the hall with a backpack on her shoulder and purse in hand.

“Ready to go, Sammy?” Allison asked cheerily.

“Yeah. Let’s go.” Sam answered, trying not to sound impatient.

They walked out to the parking lot, which was a short walk away from the building. Samantha looked longingly toward her own car, wishing she could just get in and rush off to her own home. That wasn’t really an option right now, though. Even if she could reach the pedals- which she probably couldn’t- she would hate to be caught by the police driving around as a child. It wasn’t like her driver’s license would match.

“Sorry it took me so long.” Allison apologized as she led the way to her unimpressive little blue four-door, “I had some things to take care of.”

“Don’t worry about it.” Samantha responded, fatigued.

Allison opened the door and tossed her things onto the back seat. She told Sam to pile her clothes in the back and take the passenger’s seat.

Sitting down and buckling her seatbelt did nothing to help the growing pressure in Samantha’s abdomen.

“Where do you live?” Allison asked as she started up the car.

“1300 24th Street.” Sam answered.

“Hmm,” Allison thought for a moment, “That’s a bit of an awkward route from my house. It’ll take a few minutes to get there. Is that alright?”

“Yeah.” Sam agreed, “Not like I have any other choice.” She muttered.

“Isn’t that an apartment complex?” Allison asked as they got onto the road.

“Yeah, it is.”

“Won’t it be weird coming back like, well, this?”

“I don’t have any roommates, and I’m not exactly close with my neighbors.” Sam explained. “There are some families that live there, I’m sure no one will notice me.”

“What about work?” Allison asked after a brief pause, “I mean you’ve got a normal job, right? Won’t that be tough to deal with?”

“Don’t worry about that.” Sam answered. She really wanted to participate in this conversation, if nothing else as a distraction, but she found her focus returning to her growing need fairly often.

“I took the week off. I planned to use it for exam prep. Now, I guess I’ll be using it to deal with this.” Sam shook her head in disappointment. “But as long as Spector keeps his word, there shouldn’t be anything to worry about.”

“That’s good.” Allison responded awkwardly.

From there, the conversation seemed to die down. There were a few more attempts to start it up, but Samantha wasn’t able to give more than brief answers in her current condition.

Allison’s car wasn’t exactly the smoothest ride. The constant vibration and bumps from some of the older roads were certainly not doing anything to help Samantha’s situation. Each bump and crack drummed against her waist as the seatbelt dug into her stomach. She still hadn’t reach emergency status, but it was getting very distracting. And, much like earlier, the pressure was building quickly. Maybe coffee wasn’t such a good idea after all.

Sam pressed her legs together and started twitching in her seat, hoping to make it look like she was trying to get comfortable.

That illusion fell apart quickly as this failed to relieve enough of the pressure. Samantha started to twist her legs on top of each other to try and alleviate the dull throb between her legs.

This odd dance seemed to catch Allison’s attention.

“Are you ok, Sammy?” She asked.

“Y-yeah…” Sam responded, almost as a reflex.

A particularly heavy bump was all it took to persuade the truth out of her. “Actually, no.” She said, “I need to pee. Really bad.”

“Oh.” Allison said in realization, “You should have told me before we left.” She sounded almost as if she were doting on the apprentice.

“Well, I didn’t think it would be a problem then.” Sam tried to defend herself, only to realize it made her sound like more of a child.

“We’re still fifteen minutes from my house. Do you think you can make it?” Allison asked with concern apparent in her voice.

Samantha’s face grew hot again. She wasn’t sure if it was from the holding, the embarrassment, or both. She wanted to say she would make it, no problem, but the memories from earlier flooded back into her mind.

“I’m not sure.” Sam was forced to admit.

“Do you want me to pull over?” Allison asked, as if that was a totally normal request.

“What, like out here in the open?” Samantha asked, shocked. She looked out the window. The city streets around them weren’t crowded or anything, but there weren’t a lot of good placed to hide, either.

“I mean, it’s not like I’ve never done it.” Allison muttered.

Sam hesitated, considering her options. She inhaled sharply and rubbed a hand against her stomach. “Look, just hurry up and get to your house. I can go there.”

It would be one thing if they were out in the country, but they were in the middle of the city. There was no telling who or what might see her if Sam really did go by the side of the road. That was bad enough, but it somehow seemed even worse since she was currently a little girl.

“Ok, but don’t push yourself. We don’t need a repeat of earlier.” Allison reminded, “I won’t judge you.”

“Yeah…” Sam agreed. She felt the car speed up a little. Slowly, she slipped a hand down between her legs and clamped down.

She didn’t need to be reminded again. It was humiliating enough to have one accident; Samantha hated to think it could happen again, much less in borrowed clothes. It was one thing to wet herself in those ratty old loaner robes. Those things were barely used anymore. It would be a whole other problem to pee in someone else’s pants. These clothes were so nicely offered to her, she would really like to avoid soiling them if at all possible.

The uneasy silence was broken by another question from Allison, “So how old are you now? Like, physically?”

“I don’t know exactly.” Sam answered, trying her best to keep her voice level, “The guess seems to be somewhere between nine and twelve.”

“Yeah that would make sense,” Allison responded, “That’s around the time I stopped using the bathrooms at school. I can remember a few rough situations from those days.”

“You’re not helping…” Samantha grunted.

“Sorry,” Allison said softly, “I thought it would help to empathize, you know. And maybe distract you. Just trying to maintain the flow of conversation.”

“Please don’t say ‘flow’.” Sam retorted.

“Sorry.”

“I think I just need to concentrate right now…” Sam strained.

“Ok. Just let me know if there’s something I can do.”

Another bump in the road informed Sam, none too politely, that her defenses were failing. What she was doing right now was not going to be enough for much longer. She had now reached emergency status.

Cautiously, Samantha removed a hand from her crotch and brought it up to the button on her jeans.

“How much farther?” She strained out, trying to gauge her options.

“A little under five minutes.” Allison explained, “Come on, hang in there, Sammy. You can do this!”

Samantha would have found that condescending under any other circumstances. But she didn’t have the spare focus to care about being offended right now. All of her attention was on making sure nothing got past the floodgates.

She undid the button on her jeans and pulled the zipper down, then slid her pants down slightly, being careful not to expose too much. Sam grit her teeth and thought about her next move. It was time to pull out all the stops.

The apprentice sorcerer took a deep breath and sucked in her stomach. She thrust her free hand insider her jeans, resting it on top of her panties and grabbing herself through them, clenching as hard as she could without hurting herself.

“Three more minutes.” Allison updated.

Samantha bit her lip. She could feel herself growing warmer as her entire body strained to fight back her natural urges. She rocked back and forth, trying to keep up the pressure. The palms of her hands were getting wet. This time, it wasn’t with pee… yet. She was sweating from all the effort needed to keep every last drop inside.

“We’re almost there. It’s just down this street.” Allison finally said.

Sam took a deep breath.

Soon, she felt the car shifting into what she assumed was a driveway- she couldn’t afford to look up at this point. Sam reached over and unbuckled her seatbelt, letting it fly off her. She was thankful to have that little bit of pressure taken off, at least, but it wouldn’t help for very long.

Finally, the car came to a complete stop.

“We’re here.” Allison announced.

Sam looked up to see that they were in the driveway of a two-story house. It looked like it might be in a nicer neighborhood. Right now, though, she couldn’t really take all that in. All Sam wanted to see was the nearest bathroom and the quickest route to it.

“Think you can make it inside, Sammy?” Allison asked, opening her door.

“I don’t have any other choice, do I?” Sam responded roughly through grit teeth as she threw her own door open.

“Well, we do have a yard,” Allison said, “and there was this time…”

“Just hurry up and get to the door!” Sam interrupted. She really didn’t want to think about that right now. A proper bathroom was so close; she didn’t want to be tantalized with other options.

Sam jumped out of the car. She stood for a moment, dancing on the spot as the forces of gravity turned against her in this fight. She braced her free hand against the crotch of her jeans, both to help her hold it in and to help her hold up her pants. There was no way she could re-do the button or zipper in this state.

Once she was sure she had control, Sam ran- or waddled, rather- over to the door as quickly as her little legs would let her.

Allison grabbed her keys out of her purse and hurried to the door. She made it just before Sam. She unlocked the door and opened it in time for Sam to frantically push past her.

“Where’s the bathroom?” Sam asked in panic.

“Just down the hall, second door on the right.” Allison answered as quickly as she could.

Sam rushed down the hall in uncertain, zig-zagging steps. She couldn’t even walk straight, but she was managing to keep it all in. She was so close now, she could make it.

Sam was relieved Allison didn’t say the bathroom was upstairs. Otherwise, she may have reconsidered the front yard.

Samantha found what she assumed was the right door and reached for the knob.

She threw the door open to reveal a room with a clean, white and tan tile floor. Just in her vision was the thing Sam longed to see the most.

There, in all its porcelain beauty, was a toilet sitting at the ready. Sam might have cried from the wonder of it if she wasn’t already crying from containing the pee about to burst out of her.

With no time to spare, Sam hurried into the room, shoving the door shut behind her. She didn’t hear it latch, but she couldn’t worry about that now.

Sam let go of her jeans and let them fall to the floor as she took the few steps across the room.

She adjusted the grip on her other hand so she could quickly rip her pink underwear out of the way as she turned to position herself for the toilet.

Finally, she jumped and lifted herself onto the seat- thankful that the top lid was already up. Sam came to rest perfectly in position, poised over the bowl of water with all clothes out of the way.

Without a moment’s hesitation, her quivering girlhood let go and Sam lost all control.

It started as a small trickle, but the intensity quickly ramped up exponentially. The room filled with the sound of a powerful stream hitting the water below as it gushed out of the young girl.

After taking a moment to recover from the shock of finally letting go, Sam let the relief wash over her. The sorcerer let out a loud sigh of relief that was almost a pleasurable moan. Her entire body began to relax as all of the tension poured out of her.

Sam shivered and felt goose bumps begin to rise as the stream kept going strong for several seconds. Even as an adult, she couldn’t remember the last time she peed this forcefully, or the last time it felt this good.

This continued for a few seconds more before things began to die down. Her pee continued to trickle out at a decent strength for a while longer before finally cutting off.

The young girl breathed heavily, feeling the pain of her fatigued bladder returning to normal size mixed with the pleasure of emptying it. She forced out a few lingering spurts, then sat back, letting the bliss wash over her.

Sam snapped out of it after remembering where she was.

She quickly cleaned herself up and flushed, then hoisted herself off the toilet.

Sam looked down with pride as she saw that the pink underwear was completely dry. Soon after, she felt ashamed. Was that really something she should feel proud over? There she was, a grown woman, an apprentice sorcerer, proud that she made it to the potty dry…

The apprentice shook off these thoughts as she walked over to the sink to wash her hands.

Samantha walked out of the bathroom and wandered around the house briefly before finding Allison standing over a pile of clothes roughly as tall as Sam currently was.

Allison smiled as she approached. “Like I said, she’s got plenty of clothes. She won’t miss an outfit or two over the next couple days.”

Sam looked over the pile of clothes. They were a lot more girly than the styles she was used to, but beggars couldn’t be choosers. Besides, a few were solid colors, that would do for now.

“Everything go alright in there?” Allison asked.

Sam blushed, “Please don’t say it like that!” She shouted. Immediately, Sam covered her mouth, embarrassed at the volume of her outburst. “Yes, everything’s fine.” She added, more quietly.

“Sorry, I guess I got caught up in the moment.” Allison mumbled, lowering her head.

“It’s fine.” Sam said, apologetically, “It’s just been a stressful day. Let’s get this stuff and get out of here.”

They started sorting through the clothes, Sam picking out the things she found most tolerable, when a low mumble caught their attention.

“Sissy, what’s going on?” A low, tired voice asked.

Samantha looked up to see a small girl, right around the same size as her, with short blonde hair rubbing her eyes. From her clothes, Sam could guess this was Allison’s sister.

Sam froze. She had no idea what to do right now. After all, what could she do? Just say ‘hey, I was magically turned into a child, so I’m borrowing your clothes’? Yeah, that probably wouldn’t fly.

“Oh, hey, Mels.” Allison said softly, “Sorry to bother you.”

The little girl stared at them both, a curious look in her eyes.

“See, one of Sissy’s work friends from out of town brought her daughter to work,” Allison explained, much to Sam’s dismay, “and she had a little accident. So, I thought she could borrow some of your clothes until she can get home and get changed.”

“Oh, ok.” The girl nodded.

Sam elbowed Allison hard in the leg, “Why is that what you told her?” She whispered harshly.

“I don’t know, I panicked, I’m sorry.”

“Don’t worry.” The little girl said, smiling happily at Samantha, the same type of smile Allison always gave. “Accidents happen. Everyone has them. Isn’t that right, Sissy?” She added with a mischievous grin up at Allison.

“Um…” Allison’s face turned red, “I have no idea what she means by that…” She told Sam.

“Maybe next time you’re in town, we can play together.” The little girl offered to Samantha.

“Maybe. Yeah, that would be fun.” Samantha said, trying in vain to hide the awkwardness she was feeling.

“How about you go back to your room?” Allison offered, “Sissy will be right back, ok?”

“Ok.” The girl nodded. She walked back further into the house.

“Sorry about that.” Allison said when the girl was out of earshot, “Melanie’s a really sweet girl, she’s just curious. And she doesn’t always know when to stop talking.”

“It’s alright.” Sam responded, “I probably disturbed her when I yelled.”

Samantha let out a little chuckle, “I can see the family resemblance.” She added.

“Hey!” Allison yelled, playfully. “Ok… Yeah…” She admitted.

Allison pulled over a small blue duffel bag from the side of the pile and threw a few pairs of pants into it. Samantha picked some of the plainer t-shirts from the pile and packed them.

When she pressed the clothes in the bag, something felt odd. The clothes looked like they were piled higher than they should be. She dismissed this as a side effect of being so tired and so small.

Once they were done, they went back out to Allison’s car.

“You know,” Allison said as they approached the vehicle, “if you don’t want to be alone tonight, you could stay over here. I’m sure my sister wouldn’t mind the company, and I could keep an eye out for you.”

“Thanks…” Samantha said, politely, “But I think I just need to be alone for a while. I have a lot to think about.”

“I get it.” Allison agreed, “Just let me know if you need anything.”

“Thanks.” Sam reiterated.

During the short drive, Sam found herself nodding off a few times. It really had been a long day.

Finally, they got to her place and Allison dropped her off.

“See you tomorrow.” Allison said as Sam walked away.

Samantha didn’t hear Allison’s car leave until after she got through the front door.

The halls of the complex were pretty much empty, as usual. Sam managed to get herself to her room quickly and without any confrontation.

Today was rough. Tomorrow could be better or so much worse. She couldn’t think about that right now. Right now, all she wanted was to sleep.

