Wet menstruations

Author: Kate95

*000*2025-03-20 12:32

Every woman experiences “these days” differently. Someone feels almost nothing, just do not forget to change pads/tampons on time, someone has severe pains. Some also feel nauseous, or just don't want anything.....

Irina is 35 y.o. She's had both good and bad luck with her periods. There were usually no unpleasant sensations. “Within normal limits, you can live.” But these days her bladder was giving surprises. In general, the woman did not suffer from incontinence. Her bladder was, as she herself thought, if not the most normal, then maybe a little weaker than usual. Three out of every four weeks she had no accidents/confusions, or even such urgent urges that required a toilet right now rather than in the next hour. But about two days before the “red days” started, the horrible stuff started happening.

The urge to pee is sudden and intense. Drop everything, run to the toilet.... Wet panties are not uncommon ... It's been like this for a week. Before the period two days, they themselves four more, well, and after usually a day, it does not go away immediately. And then it's normal again. Until the next cycle. And during this week from one to three times Ira misses in the panties, sometimes less, other time more ... It's still good, we remember, that she wants it badly and immediately almost every time...

...

Irina was at the computer in her office this morning. It was the second day of her period (started yesterday, but after lunch). She was wearing a red skirt, which she always tried to wear these days, that... You know what I mean, sensible woman. She was in the bathroom 20 minutes ago, and she wants to go again.

Nothing surprising these days. Ira tried to focus on the task she needed to do urgently. But after a few minutes she realized that there was nothing more urgent than going to the bathroom again right now. Standing up, she went to the exit of the office. The restroom was already running. As soon as she lifted her red skirt, still near the stall - a spasm and a hot jet into the pad.... Something leaked out from the side, because the pad is a regular menstrual, not urological. Irina sat down on the cold toilet, without lowering the seat, without closing the stall and barely taking off her panties. That red discharge that had been in the pad, now that urine had gotten into it, spread out and smeared the panties. Ira peed, closed the stall, and began to clean herself up. 

First, to wipe herself with paper. Next - throw away the pad, wipe her panties with paper as much as possible. Yes, they have red marks, but she'll wash them at home. Then fold the paper in several layers and put it in the underpants. There's no new pad. It's in her purse, and she didn't take her purse to the bathroom in a hurry. Finally, after wiping herself again, she got dressed, went out and washed her hands. Then she has to go back to the office, get her purse and go to the bathroom one more time to put on a new pad. You can't last long with menses on one paper... By the way, Ira has a spare pair of panties with her. And now, with the bag, she could change them. Although... It's better to keep them just in case, in case of another disaster, and even worse....

