The "Professionals"

Author: KLMS

*000*2021-12-07 14:46

It was quite the journey as to how I got to this point. It was a beautiful day. Cloudy with a slight breeze, on the verge of raining. I was in a suburban neighborhood with lots of trees, standing outside the gate of a very nice bungalow, admiring it's beauty and architecture, while holding a new set of the main gate's keys in one hand and my phone in the other. I watched the taxi that dropped me off disappear into the distance before turning my attention to my phone's screen as I read a message I got earlier in the morning... A rather weird one honestly, but intriguing nonetheless.

"Dear Major Seitshiro.

Congratulations. You've been selected amongst hundreds of participants to lead a team of professionals. We'll simply refer to them as that for the time being.

You're duties, should you choose to accept them, which you have seeing you're at the safehouse, is to lead, handle and assist them in whatever situation you find yourself in, maintain their health and security, see to their needs and wellbeing and above all, be a teammate they can look up to and rely on.

This experimental program is being conducted across the world in 6 different countries, and you're leading the South African team. Depending on the level of success of these 6 countries, we shall see about including more nations. All in due time you see.

We need not remind you that due to the very nature of this program, it must be kept classified at all times. As peculiar as this sounds, we shall not monitor EVERY aspect of your progress, as that is simply impossible and impractical, so you and your group's personal privacy will be guaranteed. But be warned that we will know if and/or when you decide to leak this sensitive information to the public. Believe us, we WILL know.

This is as much as we're obligated to help you. From here on, you're on your own. You'll hear from us eventually.

Best of luck to you Major. And congratulations once again.

PS. We left you a package inside the house. One of the professionals should have it stored away safely for you."

...Huh ... Okie dokie then. Rather ominous but still optimistic.

Taking a deep breath, I pocket my phone and grab my 3 suit cases and 2 large bags then proceed to open the gate, climb the stairs in the garden and knock on the door 3 times. I'll describe how the front yard all looks a bit later. A moment later, I hear various locks opening before the door opens (Why so many locks now??), and I'm greeted by the sight of a young absolutely gorgeous black woman. Damn! My heart skipped a beat as I let her beauty radiate all over me. She was petite, her frame consisting of almost straight lines and slight curves, and she was nearly as tall as me and had very short but stylish hair. Her face is stern and rather cold as she looks me up and down, and I see that stern look change to one of annoyance.

"And now??" I asked myself internally as I barely raised an eyebrow.

"So you finally show up. Ladies! He's here!" She yells in a moderately British accent as she walks back to what I presume is the kitchen because of- sniiiiif Ooooooooooh that smells epiiiiic.

I enter the house which immediately goes to the living room. Hmmmm, very nice indeed. A mixture of modern furniture, bare brick walls and a bare ceiling with wood struts and beams decorating the ceiling space. A laminated wooden floor, big and wide windows, a gigantic curved flat screen TV dominating one of the walls while some comfy looking couches line the other walls. I see a comfy-looking shaggy carpet underneath a long coffee table in the middle of it all, which itself was surrounded by large pillows. Who ever decorated this place did a fucking fantastic job.

"Well look who took his sweet time to get here."

A different voice, and she sounds pissed off. I turn around to- wait there's 4 of them?!

Coming from the kitchen and standing in front of me are four unbelievably beautiful ladies. Two black,one yellow bone and one coloured. Jeebus! The looks I'm getting from all 4 of them combined... To say it's nerve wrecking is an insulting understatement!!

They stood in a row. From the left to right, the first one was the one who opened the door for me. She was the tallest and almost reached my height like I said. Her body was almost straight lines and slight curves, with an almost flat chest and from what I could see, a small yet firm and rather plump ass (paradoxical, I know). Right now she was wearing very tight fitting blue jeans, white high heel boot hybrid thingies that went all the way to her knees, a white jacket that exposed her midriff with a blue shirt underneath. Her stylishly short hair was in what we call a brush down here in South Africa.

Next to her was an equally tall lady with orange and blue glasses resting on the bridge of her nose. She was also petite, but her curves were MUCH more prominent than the first one. (GORGEOUS LEGS!) And even though she's facing me, I could tell that ass is very prominent indeed. Her hair was in a braid and was a mix of blue and silver that extended all the way to her waist. She was wearing a white and blue dress, along with white stockings, an orange jacket similar to the first lady's one and black-and-white takkies. Her beautiful face, combined with her glasses and rather big lips, gave me the initial impression that she was the "Nerd" of the group I gotta say.

The third one was the 2nd tallest of them all. She was a little more than a head shorter than me so I had to look down at her slightly. Her skin was lighter than the first two, and we call that yellowbone down here. As in her skin is literally caramel coloured compared to the usual brown or dark brown you'd see. Quite well endowed but with a very prominent ass (so much ass around here!!) and now that I take notice, her breasts were bigger than the first two. Probably B+ or C cups while the first two were definitely A's or A+'s.

She had short hair like the first one and combined with her pretty yet strict and royal looking face (which was in the shape of a slightly vertically stretched heart), she had a rather powerful aura surrounding her. I wouldn't be surprised if she was the group leader. She was wearing a simple yellow body-hugging dress that ended hallway to her knees and silver high heels that showed off her toes, and from her wrists to her neck she was covered in jewelry. Rings, bracelets and a golden necklace. Yep, I'm pretty sure she's the group leader.

And the last one's the shortest. Like she doesn't even reach my shoulders and you'd have to tilt your head down a good angle just to properly look at her, which adds an unfathomable amount of cuteness to her sexyness. She radiates badassery but I can tell by the way she's looking at me, despite the serious look she has on her face, there's a noticable amount of warmth coming from it. At first glance she might be the nicest right now. Anyhow her outfit was very... Trap and Hip Hop ish. Black and white sneakers, a short jean-skirt with fishnet stockings, an oversized multi-colured jersey, and a rather cool headband that has her black braided hair in a pony tail. Despite her being serious, she also had a big wide grin on her cute face. Probably the chilled one of the group.

All in all, they're all fucking gorgeous and like I said, scream badassery.

"And an hour late on top of that." Oh yeahhhh I forgot about them being mad at me for apparently being late. She continues with that same look of annoyance on her face as she shook her head slowly.

"Look. We are VERY good at our jobs. And the least you can do is be on fucking time!" The presumed group leader states with more aggressiveness, prompting me to slightly lean back and raise my hands in the way that said "*Woah! Chill will you?!".

"Ey, girls chill. Damn you getting all on his case now! He probably had his reasons for being late, and you haven't even let him introduce himself yet." The short one comes to my defence, and I quietly sigh in relief. The others grumble silently or just glare at her before sighing, and that's my cue.

"Thank you. My apologies for being late ladies. Totally my fault." I apologized sincerely.

It wasn't at all.

Didn't even know I was late to begin with.

"It won't happen again. Anyhow, I'm Major Kamogelo Seitshiro, South African Air Force. My callsign's Jaeger, but you can call me Kamo." I introduced myself quite warmly as I extended my hand. The short one continues to smile as she shakes my hand. Hmm, good grip.

"I'm Lieutenant Preenah Darren. Those two skyscrapers are Captain Ludina Ntsiki and 2nd Lieutenant Thando Letusi. And the royal queen here is Major Totholetso, but you call her Jada. Always. Call her Jada." She takes the honour of introducing the others to me, earning more death glares which she happily ignores or doesn't notice at all. Probably the former.

"It's a pleasure to meet you beautiful ladies. Really, it is. I'm glad to be working here with you." I said with a gentle smile and warmth in my voice, and for a brief moment I swear the other three's expressions soften. "As you know, I'm your new mission strategist and handler, faithful private pilot and well... glorified caretaker." I softly chuckled as I rubbed the back of my neck. To be honest that's really what I am right now. Not that I'm complaining. They roll their eyes with even more softer expressions while Preenah chuckles.

A thought that I forgot suddenly hits me. "Hey uh, what happened to... The guy before me? Command reported that he just disappeared." I asked then curiously. Suddenly, all 4 of them take a deep breath and avert their gazes at me, a look of pain growing on all their faces.

"Oh uh... s-sorry I didn't mean to-"

"Nonono, Don't worry. Is... Is all good. That's uh...um... A story for another time." She cut me off with a painful smile... And I felt my heart twist in pain... I just met these ladies and already I discover some painful memories they have hidden. But well, like she said. A story for another time.

I cleared my throat as she looked at me. "Well... let me... Show to you to your room, since none of these bitches will do it." She said with a smile, earning a laugh from me and an even more powerful death glare from the other three. They lightly pushed her before going back to doing whatever they were doing a few minutes ago as I followed Preenah down the hallway. My eyes get drawn to her large butt. Yes for such a tiny human she has a very gorgeous posterior.

"Hmm... This is a very nice house." I commented as I looked around while we walked. "The garden, the rooms I've seen so far, even the hallway. Some remarkable interior designing. It's freaking fantastic."

"Heheh! Thanks homie. It's was aaalllll me." She said as she turns to look at me, pointing her thumbs at herself while she walked backwards with a proud and wide toothy grin on her face and a hint of a blush as well. "I love interior decorating and gardening. It keeps me busy, a lot of working with my hands, and it always turns out beautiful. It's also quite expressive. That's beautiful in itself." She said as we pass what I presume is her room. Damn. She's quite the deep artist I must say.

"Welp, I love it." I simply add up with a wide smile to which she blushes even more. She turns away from me and unlocks and opens the door of what I presume is my room with a key card. Hehe, she's cute.

"Here you go. Home sweet home." She says with her arms wide open, all exaggerated like. Heheh, I like this one. I smiled as I put down my bags and observed my room. Nothing that fancy really. A comfy looking bed, lights built cleverly into the ceiling, a computer at my desk, a giant window with a good view of the city, a rather large wardrobe. It was rather empty but it was a lovely room to begin with.

"Hey. Don't mind the other ladies. They... Well they have a tough time trusting new operators like yourself. And... They're still in pain from... The previous guy. But like I said, that's a story for another time." She says to me with a look of understanding on her face and I nod gently. "And what about you?" I asked her as I tilted my head.

"Well someone's gotta not be a bitch all the time and help you ease in to things." She says with a chuckle. Hmm, good point. Though something tells me there's more to what she's saying than she's letting on. "Oh before I forget." She says as she opens my empty wardrobe and gives me a briefcase. "This package came for you. And it's to be opened only by you. Otherwise it'll set off some acid bomb inside and destroy whatever's inside of it. Whoever designed this wanted to make sure only you opened it. Very confidential stuff, I guess?" She chuckled as she looked up at me.

"Huh! You're right." Ah here it is. I gently took it from her and examined it. It was a black briefcase with a lock and a fingerprint scanner on it. I looked at her and smiled, to which she smiled back.

"Well, gotta go. Come join us for supper around 9." She says and I nodded as she walked out the door with a bounce, and I couldn't help but watch her butt as she disappeared from view. I smiled at that, her large ass was beautiful. Not like I'm gonna say that out loud.

For now.

"Alrighty, let's see what we got here." I said as I closed the door, sat down and put the briefcase on the table. I'll unpack later. Remembering a meeting I had a few weeks ago, I put my thumb on the fingerprint scanner. A blue LED light scans my thumb before it beeps a green light. A small pop reveals a small key out of the side of the scanner. I then took it out and unlocked the locks.

Opening the briefcase, there was a smaller case containing a Desert Eagle XIX along with some special magazines. Damn that's a big pistol. I put those aside for the moment and pulled out another small case with what looks like contact lenses. Along with a couple of colourful syringes, a nice-looking blue smart phone (my favourite colour), a small instruction manual and several IDs and passports with a few nice looking wallets. Wow, I'm surprised. The higher ups do have taste after all.

So in a nutshell, the manual says I had to inject the colourful syringes in a certain order into my arm, no big deal. Then I had to activate the smart phone and for the moment I put the other stuff back in the case and closed it. Then the manual said I had to put on the contact lenses.

"Never had to put on contacts, but alright. Here goes something." I said as I carefully out them on. I blinked alot as the alien feeling was unusual and a tad bit uncomfortable. Suddenly I heard a gentle whirring sound as the contacts glowed blue. I struggled for a few seconds to make out words that appeared in my vision.

"Huh... Eye Calibration in progress. Initiating installation in...3...2...1-"

WwrriiiIIIIIII!!!!-

"GAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"

Out of nowhere it feels like an army of bees are stinging my eyes, and IT FUCKING HURTS! The pain threw me off the chair and onto the floor where I rolled around, clutching my eyes while I screamed and cursed in pain. All I could see was what I think was red with streaks of light blue and just PAIN!!! GAAAAHHH!!!

I must have alarmed the ladies because a few seconds later they literally broke down the door, pointing their large pistols into the room, ready to kill whoever had the audacious guts to break into their house with extreme prejudice. But after a second of surveying the room, they were both relieved that wasn't the case and shocked to see blood trailing down my face from my eyes as I rolled in the ground in agonizing pain.

"What happened?!" Preenah said with worry in her voice as she and I presume Thando helped me up and sat me on the bed.

"Why you gotta be so heavy! I mean damn!" Thando said as they let me go.

"I'ma guy, ssssst... guys are usually heavy. Check the-the stuff kn-on the table." I said through gritted teeth as the pain lingered in my eyes. I felt hands on my face and I presume it's Ludina with a first aid kit, so she started working on my eyes.

"Can you see?" She asked me as she flashed what I presume was that small flashlight doctors use... I couldn't see it, but I could feel the slight heat on my skin from it and my eyes were numb from the pain so I still can't see. I shook my head as the pain slowly started to fade away.

"I can't see. But I'm not panicking." I said calmly as I think they were looking at each other.

"First day here and already you're causing trouble. Wow, command really picked a good one this time." I heard Jada say with angry annoyance in her voice, making me sigh silently. Well it looks like I'm not in her good books.

"Jada, relax. He was following the instructions in this manual." Preenah said, very annoyed with her boss right now. I think she knelt infront of me. "Okay it says here that there that... After putting on the contacts, there might initially be a small amount of pain-"

"Fuck. King. Bull. Shet." I said bitterly and all of them almost laughs I swear!

Clears throat "Then after, a much more serious pain might be felt as the software installs. Once the installation is complete, the pain should fade and your vision should return within a few minutes. Afterwards...... Whaaaat?" She trails off and she sound amazed.

"What? What is it?" I asked confused.

She's quiet for a few seconds.

"... You just basically installed a Heads Up Display into your eyes, connected to a computer made up of nanobots that are controlled by your brain. Equipped with all sorts of nano-sized sensors and displays. It'll give you a lead edge in the field and can give you information on the spot. It's linked to the military's satellites and other data hubs. You got... Basically unlimited information flowing though your eyes dude!" She exclaims excitedly.

... I'm like

I presume Jada is like

And Ludina is like

While Preenah is like

And finally Thando is like-

"YOU LUCKY BITCH ASS BITCH!" She says with the same amount of excitement and disbelief as Preenah and her violently begin shaking me. "You basically installed a high tech computer in your eyes, and brain I think?" She asked me as I felt her wipe away the blood on my cheeks. "Well not the brain, just the eyes. I think? it's kinda confuse so I'll-I'll looking at the manual properly. I feel little twitches beyond forward my eyes. It tickles honestly." I said with a chuckle as I twitched a bit, but I also notice how my speech didnt make sense there. "I can also feel something like tiny sparks in my head and my eyes feel like they're straining." I said as I felt weird sensations in my head.

"Warning. The installation of the HUD is extremely painful and will render you blind for a few minutes. Other side effects may include uncontrollable twitching as the nanobots connect with your nervous system and your optic nerves, and numbing of other bodily systems. The amount of pain inflicted and which other systems get affected depends on the user." She finished as I felt her come close to me. "Oh NOW they say it'll be extremely painful." I spat out. (--)

"You feel anything else?" Ludina said as she gently gripped my head and turned it a few ways to look at me. Yep she's the team's medic. "Other than your gentle hands, nope." I said trying to lighten the mood, and I swear I can hear her smile. "Wait, it's slowly coming back, I can see blurry light." I said as she flashed it in my eyes again. "Okay that's good." She said with relief.

For the next few minutes my vision slowly came back, and Ludina helped me to the bathroom where she cleaned off the remaining blood off my face. "You'll unpack tomorrow. Come join us for supper in the meantime." Preenah said as she leaned against the door. I kinda feel like she adopted me in some weird way. She's been all over me since I got here. Not in an obsessive kind of way, but it was very noticeable. And it felt nice. "Perfect timing. I am starving. Let's go." I smiled as I washed my hands. I took one final look in the mirror before I left. I didn't see anything new or unusual so I gave it no thought.

Supper time

So all four of them were prepping supper before I arrived. And oh my goodness the food was absolutely fucking fantastic! I made small talk with the ladies as we ate in the dining room around a medium sized circle-shapped table.

"So, glorified babysitter, tell us about yourself." Preenah said as she drank some red wine with her food.

"Welp." I started. "I'm in the Airforce like I said. I was in 2 Squadron so I flew Gripens before I was transferred here. Before that, I was in 17 and 14 Squadron so I flew Hercs and Rooivalks. I'm a Virgo, love taking long walks, enthusiastic about aviation in general, I love guns, dogs and cats, blood doesn't bother me, I'm observant, detail-orientated, and I love chilling when I can, I like arts and craft, cleaning and cooking and staying up late and video games... That's just a brief summary, and of course there's alot more." I finished nonchalantly.

They looked at me with a lot of suprise and wide eyes, making me chuckle. "What about you ladies?" I asked. I then noticed Preenah shifting in her seat. She's been doing that since we started eating. Thando as well.

"Well, were all Professionals as you know, but our masks in the public life? I'm a professional dancer and choreographer, Thando's a linguistics expert and diplomat, Jada is one of the chief executive officers at Denel and a number of other firms, and Ludina's a primary school teacher and a model." Preenah summarised with a smile as she shifted her weight in her seat again while Thando took gentle deep breaths.

It was my turn to look surprised. Wow, these ladies take their shit seriously.

"Wow. Noice." I said with a smile. "We have dreams as well, you know. Being in this position is honestly an unintended side effect of getting to where we are and where we wanna go. It's challenging, like wow. Never knew a girl had to go through so much." Thando said with a proud grin as she shifted again, Preenah tenses up. "But we love it." She finished up as she drank her tea. I just smiled and nodded as the mood relaxed more.

The dinner went on quite smoothly in contrast to earlier that day. We talked, got to know each other a little better and even laughed here and there. Jada was still as hard as ice and still gave me that icy condescending look, but she was noticeably more warmer now. At least she wasn't insulting or criticising me this time. Wonder how long that's gonna last.

Preenah on the other hand was loving this. If I didn't know any better, I'd say she might have a crush on me. But I highly doubt it. Maybe she's just glad to have another team member of the opposite sex here. Either way, she had this big, warm, cute smile on her face the entire time, even though she shifted alot the entire time.

Thando warmed up to me quickly as well, smiling even. Though not as much as Preenah, and Ludina still eyed me with alot of criticality. Ah well, it's only day one. Hopefully things will warm up.

Later that evening..

Ah, that was deliciously filling. A rather good way to end the day if I do say so myself. Preenah told me that starting from next week, I'd be in charge of the house chores including the dishes during the week while they alternate during the weekend. No sweat... I hope. I enjoy cleaning so I had no problem with it. But I also wanna have my lazy days.

We all decided to call it an early night while Preenah finished up with the dishes. When we finished eating, a thunderstorm arrived and it started raining, and combined with this super ultra comfy bed, I was pretty much in bliss. My room had two windows. One large window took up an entire wall with a sliding door to a balcony, and a smaller circular one next to my bed. I didn't close the curtain on the smaller window, so I was watching the rain hit the window, watching random trails snake downwards... Beautiful... heh, for some reason I'm thirsty now.

The loud volume of the rain outside and me not wearing any slippers or sandals meant my footsteps were completely silent. And that was a silence I didn't want to break. As I was walking, I got lost in my thoughts of how the day went, subconsciously scrutinizing some of the day's notable events.

Getting to the doorway that leads to the kitchen, I see Preenah doing the dishes. She was in her PJ's, a long-sleeve thin purple jersey and lavender coloured pants that outlined her impressive ass very well, along with plain white socks. She's humming to herself as she was preoccupied with her cleaning. I was about to say hi and go get my water when out of nowhere the most amazing thing happens...

She's standing there doing the dishes, slightly dancing a bit to a song she must be playing in her head. I saw no hint of desperation in the way she was standing. My eyes are drawn to her sexy ass when suddenly a small wet spot forms between her legs by the seat of her butt. I faintly hear the sound of a stream of water hitting fabric, making me twitch and take a deep breath. It starts slowly, growing in size covering her entire butt before rushing down her legs, and I'm standing as still as a statue as I stare at the scene playing before me. She stops for a moment when she realises something's off, then looks down and only now she notices that she's wetting herself.

She gasps in utter shock, almost dropping the plate she was holding. Somehow her flow increased, spreading and soaking the front of her legs as well. She prances about on the spot, waving her hands in panic as she tried to figure out what to do, before pulling her pants down to her knees, exposing her now soaked and rather exquisite white underwear, debating weather or not to squat as she still pees directly onto her pants.

Her open tap of pee hits the black tiled floor as she shuffles in panic, making an audible splash that would have been heard throughout the house if it were not for the loud weather outside. Full on panic is written on her face, she's swearing and gasping, not knowing what to do as she shoves her hands onto her crotch trying to stop herself, but the now high-pressure jet of pee just shoots through the gaps of her fingers.

And I'm this close to fucking exploding!!!

"Uh, uh... I... I-shit, not again! Nononono please please please uh.... GASP!"

She finally looks up and notices my presence, as I've just been absofuckinglutely gobsmacked by what I'm seeing right now I mean Holy shit!

We just... Stare wide eyed at each other. My erection painfully erected in my pants. She just stands there like a springbok caught in headlights, pee powerfully flowing though her fingers and snaking down her crossed legs and splashing all over her pants, feet and floor, soaking them all and turning her panties pretty much see through at this point.

Eventually, her full-force open-tap pee slows down to a trickle, then a leak, then a few droplets before all that's left is the sound of rain outside, a VERY impressively sized puddle of steaming pee all over the kitchen floor, and a beetroot-red-faced Preenah who's still grabbing her crotch in some honestly degrading way to preserve whatever pride and sense of professionalism she had during the day. Tears start welling up in her eyes as she lets out shaky breaths and looks away in embarassment and shame.

.. holy hell.

I had to blink a number of times and shake my head after what felt like an eternity. My lips, uh... My lips and my throat were super dry as she started to examine the damage she did to herself as her hands finally let go of her crotch with a noticeable wet squish that made me twitch yet again, giving me a clear view of her exquisite underwear which stuck to her soaked crotch creating a very beautiful cameltoe, allowing me to see her almost exposed Brazillian-waxed pussy.

Shit, now her tears start racing down her face and she cried with shaky breaths. As awesome as this was, and believe me awesome is an understatement at this point, I still felt a powerful pang in my heart. She's crying, and feeling the need to do something, I bravely step on the pee-covered floor towards her and gently put my hands on her shoulders.

"Hey hey, it was... It was just an accident." Was the best I could come up with as I hugged her, to which she hugged me back. The smell of fresh pee finally hits my nose as she wraps her arms around my waist and her hands on my back as she cries into my chest.

"No it's... it's-it's not! This is the second time this month!" She yelled into my chest as she cried... And I'm left gobsmacked yet again. Uh... Fuck!! WhatthehelldoIsaynow!? If this entire situation didn't already, that last sentence now threw me COMPLETELY off guard. Quickly, shaking my head, I decide to try and get more info out of her.

"Uh, what do you mean second time Pree?" I asked her gently as she looked up at me. She looked into my eyes for and hesitates for a moment before releasing herself from the hug and reaching down, taking off her drenched pants and socks while leaving her wet and almost see-through underwear on. Her entire body was red as a beetroot at this point, most probably because I was there. Huh, she's brave though. But probably because I've seen her pretty much half-naked just now...

"Uhm, you want me to look away?" I asked rather awkwardly as I blushed as well-my God her legs are gorgeous. She looked at me for a moment before a small smile crept on her face. "Well... N-no I don't mind. Plus you just seen me wet myself so... honestly I don't mind." She says softly... I swear even her voice is blushing.

Her smile faded as she looked at me "..." She opens her mouth again but the words don't come out. "You can tell me Pree. I won't tell a soul." I said to her reassuringly, and she sighed heavily before nodding as the tears slowly stopped.

"Let me just... Put these in the washing machine." She said dejectedly as I nodded and followed her. The dark hallway of the house plus the light coming from my room and the kitchen illuminated her gorgeous figure which also illuminated her wet legs and ass, making them shine... Hoooly crap it was a sight to see...

"We don't know why, but... We've been having problems ever since we entered this program. It's like... There's barely been a full month that goes by where none of us piss or even shit ourselves by accident. It's like some kind of curse of incontinence or some shit was cast on us. Which is beyond crazy since we all know we're perfectly healthy in that department, so... we don't know why. And..." She says quietly as she put her now cold clothes into the washing machine and turned it on. The rain outside still drowned out the noise.

She then turned towards me before she gasped again as suddenly her hands shot yet again to her already wet crotch, gripping it tight as she bounced around slightly.

...wot...

"And... Fuck no why NOW!? not again..." She closes her eyes, quietly whispering "nonono" as tears starting flowing down her cheeks again. Yet again I heard that INCREDIBLY beautiful sound of pee hitting a person's hands as she started peeing again. She was standing on the bathroom floor with her legs crossed yet again. I dunno how but she was peeing again, this time at a more controlled rate. She opened her crying eyes .

"We can't stop it. It started again when you signed up to be our handler and..."

She trailed off as she kept on crying and peeing, the bottom half of her body is becoming something close to a small waterfall at this point. I glanced at the toilet which was literally behind me, and she tried to shuffle her way towards it.

"Look this is gonna sound incredibly weird and really fucking stupid, but the only way I can actually stop is if you tell me to clean up and get dressed again, otherwise I'm just gonna keep peeing like this even I sit on the toilet." She said with a shaky voice as her pee flowed in what was now an endless waterfall.

...

...

... Wut...

...

I just... looked at her... with wide eyes... I... She...get cleaned... WHAT?!?!?!??!?!¡¿

I'm just fucking beyond shocked out of my mind right now! The hell is going on in this place?

"Kamo please, I'm extremely embarrassed right now and I'm loosing my sense of self esteem okay?! Can you please just tell me to clean up and get dressed before I crap myself as well?!" She literally cried to me as her pee kept flowing in between her fingers, now drenching the mat behind her feet and only now rendering her underwear completely see through now.

"Uoh I uh, sorrysorrysorry. Uh.... I'm, P-Preenah, we uh... were in the bathroom now. S-so get on that toilet, get cleaned up, and get dressed when you're done. I'll uh... I'll clean up everything, don't worry." I said

Saying I was extremely uncertain right now is putting it mildly.

And to add to my shock, she immediately stopped peeing. All those rivers flowing down her legs ceased and ended in what was now a drenched mat and another large puddle. She cried for a bit more before hugging me again in what feels like enormous gratefulness. I hugged her back, but with a hell of a lot of WHATTHESONOFAFUCKISGOINGONHERE?!?! written on my poor face.

After hugging me for a few minutes, she looked up at me again. "I'll tell you properly in the morning okay? I.... need to go sleep this off..." She said in a shaky voice and I nodded quickly before kissing her forehead and walking out the bathroom... but not before looking at the second amount of damaged she caused and tossing the soggy rug into the washing machine as well... And getting a good view of her soaked half-naked lower body as well... Damn!

I leaned against the wall outside the bathroom for a moment, trying to process what the hell just happened...

...

...

...

...

... I decided I'll do that when I go back to sleep. Right now I gotta clean up that puddle in the kitchen... But in any case, that entire ordeal was astronomical... And the way she failed so miserably at trying to not pee herself, extremely embarassing but hooooleeey sheet was that AWESOME!!!

After a short clean up and a long sleep, the next morning...

Oddly enough, the events of last night were still quite fresh in my mind when I woke up so not only did I have a raging boner, I'm a little ashamed to admit I was also smiling like an idiot.

"UUUUEEAAAAAAAAGGGH." I yawned as looked outside the window. It was still cloudy, but it was a beautiful morning indeed. I opened the window, letting the fresh, rain-scented air into my room and taking a loooooong deep breath-

"Good morning."

"SONOFAFUCK!"

I almost flew off my bed with a yelp with a scream before staring at Preenah with wide eyes. She looked at me for a moment before bursting into heavy laughter. I just looked at her as my heart slowly calmed down.

"I.... I am so so sorryyyyuyyaahahahaaaaa!" She fell backwards on my bed as she kept laughing at my expense. I felt my entire face go warm as she just let loose the laughing demon inside her...

...

...

...

Okay now I'm getting slightly annoyed... I'm about to open my mouth and tell her she can stop now when something very interesting catches my eye.

It looks like she's prepping for a morning jog, as she's wearing a black tank top, black, pink and purple running shoes, and tight fitting grey tights. And as she fell on my bed in her fit of laughter, I caught a good view of her crotch and noticed a rather notable yellow stain on it. Roughly shaped like a small lemon. And suddenly I'm not annoyed anymore and my Pingas twitches more.

"Pree..." I started as she finally finished her laughs. She quickly realises that I can see the evidence of what she did... Or done. She closes her legs and puts her hands on her knees, instantly blushing hard. I'm really hoping my erection's not noticeable yet. After a couple of second of almost awkward silence, she finally musters the courage to face me, though she doesn't make direct eye contact.

"Uh... I-I... I take a jog every morning. And sometimes while I'm jogging I... Leak a bit. Almost lost it a couple times... But I've leaked so much that the stain just... Doesn't wanna come out now... It-it doesn't smell, and it's still my favourite pair of shorts to wear an-and it's not that noticable... Right?... Kamo?"

...

...

...

..

I'm just looking at her with my head tilted to the side... This... Phenomenon, whatever you wanna call it, it's REALLY hitting her confidence and self-esteem hard. The way she flipped from bubbly and laughing at my expense to instantly becoming embarrassed and trying to hide the signs of past accidents with shame and embarrassment written on her face... I really can't help but feel sorry for her. And the other ladies if this is affecting them like that as well.

So without thinking, I sit up straight and gently pull her towards me in a giant but soft and warm hug. I can feel her eyes widen in suprise against my cheek and her body freezes for a moment. But then a moment later, her tiny body melts into my arms as she hugs me back, her smol arms hugging me tightly. I move my hand to gently caress her back and I feel her shudder for a moment. I swear she was about to cry again right there. Huh, she really is holding back alot of tears. This... I'm just gonna call it a phenomenon for simplicity's sake. It REALLY must be hurting her deeply.

"Hey." I said gently as we reluctant break the hug. She looks at me with tears welled up in her eyes. For a moment I have to look for the words I want to say as my thumbs cares her cheeks. "...no, it's not too visible. No one will notice. You'll get past this Pree. We'll figure it out, and put an end to it. You four are my responsibility now. I'm gonna look after you, take care of you and make sure you all end up okay. Okay?" I gently whispered to her with a smile.

She smiled back and nodded, and I wiped a tear that finally decided to fall down her face. "Now, let's get some breakfast, I'll join you for that run, and see what the day holds okay?" I suggested with a smile and she nodded back more enthusiastically as we broke contact and I finally got up.

About 30 minutes later...

After stretching, doing 100 pushups as I'm accustomed to, making my bed, using the bathroom, brushing my teeth, taking a nice hot shower and wearing clothes that were appropriate for the weather today, I went to the kitchen and made myself a smoking hot cup of coffee and 3 sugars.

"Good morning ladies." I greeted with a warm smile as I passed the living room.

"Good Morning." Thando and Ludina said simultaneously, each with varying degrees of warmth. Jada shot me a coldish glance, a humph, then turned her attention back to the tablet she had in her hands. Ouch... That stung a bit, not gonna lie. But that's alright. It's day two after all.

Sssssiippp... Hmmm.... Perfecto

As I enjoyed my hot coffee, I looked around the place to make myself more familiar with my new surroundings. The kitchen and the living room were seperated by half a wall, allowing whoever's cooking to watch TV and get a good view outside thanks to the large windows. The two skyscrapers in the house, Ludina and Thando, were sitting on bean bags in the living room talking about what I think was high some of their memories in highschool I think? I heard something along those lines.

As I said, Jada was busy on her tablet. Probably something executive due to the look of concentration on her face. Is she always stone cold? Or is it because I'm here?

...I'm gonna be a typical guy and say it's both.

Anyhow, I'll have to work on building a relationship with her. No worries. I love getting to know people better-

"You ready Kamo?" Preenah said as she headed for the door in her full running gear. "Yep." I said as I finished my coffee. "Ladies, we shall be back." I said with a smile as we exited the house, with various types of goodbyes thrown at us.

And that morning was filled with a scenic and beautiful run.

So to recap, the 4 ladies are indeed members of the South African Special Forces. They're incredibly lethal, in fact they're the deadliest people in this entire province, without a doubt. However, they're also in a program which I cannot tell you about, and have rather successful civilian lives as a cover. I'm their pilot, operator, mission strategist and caretaker when they're on and off-duty. And I do believe I've stumbled on something that's... Well... Affecting them in a way that I absolutely love.

Our first mission's coming up in a few weeks. And I'm excited

[This fic is, in a nutshell, a love letter to Mojikue ]

*002*2021-12-10 20:32

{{On 12/9/2021 at 7:31 AM, Fuchsa9073 said:

Excellent! I look forward to reading any future chapters. A very well written story.

}}

Thanks

