Samantha's after birth X-ray

Author: Karly_cr

*000*2023-06-09 08:04

Date: November 3rd, 2005

Samantha woke up that morning, nervous about her X-ray. She got dressed in loose clothes and read the appointment instructions, the instructions said "no food 6 hours before your X-ray, make sure your bladder is as empty as possible". "Seems easy" Samantha said, unaware of just how hard it would be. Appointment time rolled around and Samantha went pee, got into her car and made the long drive to the hospital, she parked her car and went inside and into the X-ray department. The receptionist told Samantha that the doctor was ready to see her, just then the doctor walks out. The doctor calls Samantha to follow her, Samantha follows her to the X-ray room. 

"Alright Samantha, strip down naked for me" The doctor says. The doctors name tag says Annalise. "Alrighty. Naked it is" Samantha says as she removes her clothes, exposing her muscular thick thighs and big ass. "Okay, now lay down on this table and spread your legs so I can insert a catheter" Annalise says happily. Samantha hesitantly lays down on the table and spreads her legs. Annalise inserts the catheter into Samaritan's bladder causing Samantha to tense up slightly. "Sorry" Says Samantha. "It's okay" Annalise replies. "Alright Samantha, here comes the extremely uncomfortable part for you, I have to pump your bladder full of this contrast dye" Annalise says. "Okay" Samantha replies. Annalise begins pumping contrast dye into Samantha's bladder, 2 liters later and Samantha's bladder is bulging massively, rock hard and full to the absolute brim, Tears stream down Samantha's face, "oh God I'm extremely full" Samantha cried. "Good" Annalise said smiling.

"Now I am going to remove the catheter and you MUST hold it" Annalise said sternly, "B... But I'm too full, my muscles aren't strong enough, I can't hold it" Samantha cried and begged as Annalise removed the catheter. After Annalise removed the catheter completely a spurt of contrast dye exploded out of Samantha's bladder but Samantha quickly stopped any more from forcing it's way out, Samantha was fighting like hell not to pee, "HOLD IT, Don't you dare pee, you can hold it" Annalise said, All Samantha could do was moan and groan.

Annalise begins to move the table underneath the x-ray machine, Annalise then moved the x-ray camera over Samantha's unbelievably full bladder as Samantha fought harder to hold it. "Samantha, this will only take a couple seconds" Annalise said as she started the xray. "1... 2... 3... 4... 5... and you are done" Annalise said as she finished the X-ray. Samantha didn't reply, Samantha was too full to move. Annalise placed her hand on Samantha's bladder and pressed, "let it out Samantha, I promise I won't tell anyone" Annalise said calmly. A slow trickle escaped Samantha's bladder, it soon became a big and powerful stream until Samantha's bladder was empty.

