I Think my Boss Needs to Pee - Page 4

Author: knockonthedoor

*081*2021-11-26 20:49

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

Her pee always passes through her labia so it is kind of pointless to have this phrase.

}}

I understand, but the piercing is a unique attribute, so I try to reinforce it as much as I can.

*082*2021-11-29 06:02

A/N: As we near the close of chapter 4, I'm excited that the characters have all started to take shape and find their place in the story. This one is glowing with sexual energy, so if that's your thing, this one for you. And if you like intentional wetting, we've got two scenes here as well! And some straight peeing as well. There still are twists and turns to be had, but for now, we get a little more depth on our main girls in this one. I would love to know a couple things, which I'll ask at the end of the sub-chapter. 4.6 won't be nearly as long. But will be just as fun! Lastly, the amount of feedback has not only been wonderful, but of expectational quality. I feel like this is one of the best reading groups on the site, and I love the interaction between us all! Thank you all, truly, as an author, thank you! As always, feedback is not only encouraged but appreciated.

4.5: It was Tyler's Idea

Karenna needed to pee. She always needed to pee at this point, but Monday meetings always got her. Not by surprise, but because they were the most fun. Mary-Ann stood at the front of the conference room, not showing any signs of desperation. Karenna was disappointed, she liked the few times after the creation of their ‘game’, where they would both squirm and gyrate during their morning meeting. It reminded Karenna of the first time Mary-Ann peed her pants. 

Karenna remembered being desperate that morning too. The idea of the two of them being so desperate that they lost control with each other in that meeting room was, for Karenna, a wonderful fantasy. It was this fantasy that drove her to skip her morning pee on Mondays. To feel her bladder on the way in to work, knowing that she would be getting desperate. It let her slip into another fantasy on the way there. The unknowing girl. The one who was unaware of the desperation she was about to get into. Mary-Ann was right. This was relaxing.

That is, until she got into said meeting. Which is where she found herself at the moment. Karenna sat, grinding herself into the cushy office chair. She was unable to sit upright, her morning pee and coffee were now sloshing around inside her, kicking and banging on the sides of her bladder. If she was at home or with Chloe she could be peeing right now. But she was here, holding it in a meeting, because she wanted to. Yet she didn’t love the pain that came with the retention of her waters, it was the result she was after. Because maybe someday, she wouldn’t be able to wait anymore, and it wouldn’t technically be intentional. She could skirt Mary-Ann's rule that way. Nevertheless, until that day, Karenna was content to stuff her hand deep into the crotch of her dress pants, and take the role of the desperate business woman.

Mary-Ann couldn’t help but notice Karenna. Her legs were pretzeled and her hand was invisible underneath her swaying body. Karenna had to know that today was her day to present on her and Cassie’s progress, and Mary-Ann wondered if Karenna had been desperate on purpose. It had been her fault that she and Karenna hadn’t gotten a chance to play their game in a while, Mary-Ann had been busy with Tyler, and she assumed Karenna had been having fun with Chloe. Mary-Ann blamed herself for the clearly desperate Karenna, they had grown so close, and yet Mary-Ann was doing little to foster it. She looked forward to their girls trip, where she and Karenna could just be themselves. For now though, she worried about Karenna taking their mutual interest too far. At least today, if her obvious desperation was anything to go by.

Karenna was full. Her tight muscles in her swollen abdomen proved as much. The pain from holding her night bladder and her morning coffee was becoming difficult. She wondered if today would be the day. The thought aroused her and she took few notes. Hardly focusing on Mary-Ann anymore, Karenna was only aware of her condition. Another wave of desperation ran through her nerves. Today was going to be her lucky day, she was sure of it.

“Karenna, are you ready to present for this month?”

Karenna nodded. And took her time to stand. Today might be the day, but she didn’t want to give any impression that she might have let go on purpose. In a half crouch, she reached over and turned on the projector, her slide presentation ready. She had butterflies in her stomach as she took the front of the room. Her canted body and slow walk made it clear that something was wrong. She started her presentation.

“Um…o-our work this month was-was rocky to say the least. B-but, production has increased in…in the last week.”

“Are you going to mention the Sanderson mortgage?” Cassie interrupted, though it sounded more from excitement than anything else

“Y-yes. I was ju-just getting there.”

Cassie smiled

“Ca-Cassie and I put our heads together on the Sanderson” Karenna exhaled. The exhaustion from holding it setting in “Mortgage. The-the problem was that they thought they we-were approved for more because the realtor was trying to…to make a bigger commission. They, they altered the Sanderson’s numbers.”

“That’s the part I helped figure out.” Cassie said to the table. Mary-Ann nodded. Karenna crossed her legs, anticipating her loss of control at any moment

“Y-yes, an-and I made sure you got paid on that for your…help.”

Cassie smiled at her, Karenna didn’t return it. Instead, she bent forward and put her hands on her knees. She struggled through her next sentences

“Next w-we worked on-on…on the Kelly family. They…ah!”

A rush of pee flew towards her opening. Her body’s natural defenses closed her muscles, fighting back, protecting their master. Karenna knew the end was near. Finally. She collapsed her knees together, clenching. Cassie interrupted again.

“Um, Karenna? If you have to go too, I think Mary-Ann would let us take a break.”

No! No! Not now! Don’t you take this from me you arrogant skank! Let me have this!

“Shut up Cassie.” Karenna said through gritted teeth

“Karenna!” Mary-Ann sounded shocked more than anything else. But she took charge of the situation

“Cassie, you need a break too?”

Cassie nodded

“Anna, do I have the time?”

“Yeah.”

“Alright, we’ll break. Karenna” Mary-Ann was stern “Walk with me.”

Cassie was the first to exit. Mary-Ann guided the obviously desperate Karenna out with Anna in tow. Mary-Ann asked the woman, who was clutching the thighs of her dress pants

“You mind telling me what the hell that was?”

“I need to pee. Very badly.”

“I can see that. Why’d you treat Cassie like that? I thought the two of you were getting along.”

The two friends stopped outside the bathroom door. Karenna leaned back into the wall. She put her hands back into her crotch, recommitted to holding it. Her fantasy ruined, she had come back to the reality of her desperation. She answered Mary-Ann’s question

“You heard her. Sh-she was in-interrupting me. Trying to disrupt…me.”

“Are you sure she wasn’t just proud of herself? She really flipped the switch back on when it comes to producing- and you get a piece of every closing.”

“She still…doesn’t like…me.”

“And you like her?”

Karenna didn’t answer. Mary-Ann was right, Karenna was still aggravated with the brat she had to deal with. A brat who still hadn’t come out of the bathroom.

You fucking failure. You Goddamn idiot. Why the fuck would you say that? No wonder everyone hates you. The sound of the toilet flushing rang behind Cassie. She walked over to the sink, the large mirror showed her the girl she wanted to be, not who she was. She wanted to cry, or scream. Or masturbate. Whatever made the sting of failure go away. You washout- over glorified order taker. Why did you think they might actually like you? Good for you, your tricked Mary-Ann, but don’t expect anyone else to fall for it. Cassie lobbed more insults at herself.

“Does the parking garage count?” Karenna desperately asked Mary-Ann

“For what?”

“Your ‘golden rule’. I’m two seconds away from an accident. Can I…can I please just have thi-this one?”

Neither one saw Anna slip away and out the main doors.

“I don’t know about the parking garage. But I’m not letting you have an accident here. Just go in there.”

“But Cassie’s sti-“

“Use the urinal.”

“Wha-how? Can I even?”

“Yes you can. Trust me.”

“I…I’ll wait.”

“Karenna. If we were almost any other place, or doing any other thing, we would’ve already peed our pants together. But I am not going to let you do that in this office or at work. Now go in there and figure it out.”

Karenna sighed. The thought of her wetting with Mary-Ann was enough of a consolation prize. She opened the door.

To Karenna’s surprise, Cassie was in front of the mirror, head down. She was dejected, but Karenna didn’t have time for that, she had to pee.

“Sorry, I’m out of time.” Karenna dashed into the free stall.

There was piss all over the seat, it was as though Cassie had tried to stand. The cleanliness or how Cassie had peed was not Karenna’s concern at the moment, and as she unzipped her dress pants, she turned herself away from the piss covered toilet. Not moments after she had gotten herself into a half squat, Karenna’s pee exploded forth in a wave of warm waste. The toilet water loudly accepted Karenna’s thick stream as it hissed from the young black woman. Moaning, Karenna deepened her squat, to the point where she was merely hovering over the now splashing toilet water. She heard Cassie finally leave the bathroom.

As Mary-Ann waited outside the bathroom door, she saw it swing back open. Cassie emerged, head down.

“Hey, you ok?”

Cassie nodded. Lying was nothing new to her. Mary-Ann watched her walk back to the conference room, her body language told Mary-Ann everything she needed to know. Not seeing an immediate solution to the problem, Mary-Ann decided to move on. She entered the bathroom, aware from the sound as she entered, that Karenna was still peeing.

From her perch above the toilet, Karenna could see a pair of heels click into the bathroom, and turn around in front of the wall. They had to be Mary-Ann’s.

“That bad, huh?”

“Just proving a point Kar.” A distinct sound came from Mary-Ann. She was peeing into the urinal.

Karenna’s stream had finally slowed. She contracted her bladder muscles, as her final push renewed the strength of her stream. She heard a splashing sound over her dwindling stream. A puddle was developing underneath her peeing boss.

“Is your point that you can make a puddle anywhere?”

“Wh-what?”

“Your feet boss.”

“Oh! Shoot!” Mary-Ann’s realization was drowned out as Karenna flushed, her used toilet paper and desperately held piss swirled.

Exiting the stall, Karenna looked in the mirror while she washed her hands. She looked at a crouched Mary-Ann. It was there, Karenna saw it. For the first time in her life, she saw Mary-Ann’s pussy. It looked smooth, tight. Gentle. Like a jewel thief staring the Sancy in the face. Karenna absent-mindedly turned off the sink. She watched her boss pee. Karenna’s eyes, her mind, intently focused on the apex of her primal desires. To touch it. Feel it, manipulate it with the deft skill she would touch her own. Karenna couldn’t think of anything more beautiful.

“Could you not stare?” Mary-Ann caught her

“S-sorry boss-sss.” Karenna let the end of her sentence hang. She wanted nothing more than to disrobe and take Mary-Ann right here.

She took a deep breath, and left the bathroom. More aroused than she had ever had been in her life before. She felt her own itch between her legs, one that only a quick session in her car could scratch.

Mary-Ann watched the end of her stream run into the urinal and the rest run onto the floor. She pulled her panties back up, and they absorbed the excess urine around her privates. For a brief moment, it was the same sensation as when she would wet. But it was short lived. Nonetheless, Mary-Ann loved the idea that they would secretly be damp for a while. It sent a sensation through her to be that dirty, yet undetected. She thought of Tyler. Her wettings in front of him without her boyfriend even noticing. She let out a soft moan as she finished washing her hands. She’d be seeing him Friday. Maybe he could help her with the feud between Cassie and Karenna, and maybe she could have a little fun again.

Karenna’s car was filled with the moans and screams of an orgasming woman. It hadn’t taken her more than a few minutes to get herself off. She couldn’t get her minds eye to wander off of Mary-Ann’s tight snatch. She had seen it. Maybe for the only time in her life, and it was more tantalizing than anything ever had been before. Not only had she seen it, but it was while Mary-Ann was peeing. It filled Karenna with desire. As she exhaled, descending the sexual mountain, she felt the usual second urge to pee. She wanted to do it in her panties. Something unique, to make today all that much more special. Shimmying down her business pants, she got to her purple panties underneath, she opened the car door and hung her ass outside the cabin. She didn’t want to pay for a new seat.

Karenna hung outside her car, and just as Mary-Ann had showed her at lunch, she pulled the back door open. With a car next to her she was protected as she started to pee her panties. They warmed quickly, and a stream of pee splashed onto the concrete of the garage floor. Oops Karenna teased herself, clearly aware of what she was doing. The small rivulets that escaped the grasp of her now pee stained panties dripped off her thighs, gravity pulling them down into the little puddle she was making. Unfortunately it was short lived. Just a few seconds after it had started, Karenna’s pee was just trickling into her panties. She pulled herself up, letting the rest splash between her legs. She pulled her business pants back up over her soiled panties. They absorbed the wetness, forming a small patch on her crotch.

Closing the car doors, Karenna felt naughty. No one would know of her actions. The wet patch on her pants was noticeable, but with her desperation, the others would assume she just didn’t quite make it. The good feeling of shame tickled her insides, washing away any guilt she might have felt for treating Cassie the way she did. As she walked up the incline back to the main building, she saw Anna ahead of her. But didn’t she have a red skirt on before? Karenna couldn’t quite remember, but she was sure the tan girl was also wearing pantyhose. She must have just been misremembering. However, when the automatic doors slid open for Karenna, she noticed a distinct wet stain on the parking garage floor, just outside the doors. To anyone else, it might have just been water, but to Karenna it was clearly not. She was an expert in making those puddles herself. Maybe Anna had been wearing something else.

Tyler was early. He always tried to be early, but tonight was special. Any night he got to see Mary-Ann was special, but having dinner at the nicest restaurant in town on his dime filled him with confidence. Money wasn’t everything, but he could at least prove to Mary-Ann that he belonged in her stratosphere. He saw her SUV pull up, and his stomach got tight. It was the same feeling Tyler used to get before a football game. A blue dress strapless dress, with a slit right up one of her legs. It showed a little skin as she walked- his heart melted. Tyler was positive she was the love of his life.

As Mary-Ann entered the posh building, she saw Tyler waiting for her already. He greeted her with a loving hug, she kissed his cheek. The hostess smiled at the two lovebirds and guided them through the large eating area. It was well lit, ornate, and light panino music played just over the hum of the dozens of conversations being had. The two were seated near a window, the dark of the night was beaten back by the city lights. Mary-Ann looked out the window first, then back to her boyfriend. Their eyes met. An awkward smile. They hadn’t said a word yet but their bodies and their minds wanted one another. Tyler decided to break the silence first.

“That dress looks just as good as you do Mary-Ann, I love it.”

“Thanks! You know you always look good babe.”

They smiled. Tyler supplicated a little, “I hope you didn’t buy it just for tonight.”

Mary-Ann smiled back, flirting with her love “I only wear it on special nights.”

“You can’t mean that tonight is special, you’re only seeing little ol’ me.”

Mary-Ann winked back. The waitress came over with bread and water, Mary-Ann ordered her favorite wine. Tyler started back up with conversation.

“Don’t they give prisoners bread and water too?”

“Yeah, but I don’t think they get pumpernickel.”

“Or frozen butter. I could never get the hang of this stuff.”

Mary-Ann chuckled “You can’t get the hang of putting butter on bread?”

“You want to see me try? I’m sure it’ll be more entertaining than my jokes.”

“You’re a funny guy. That’s a high bar to jump.”

“Maybe not then. Besides if I trip over that bar, I want to be sure that you’ll catch me.”

Mary-Ann gave him another flirty wink of her eye. She took a sip of her water. Tyler looked over her shoulder as the waitress came back with the wine

“Do you want to show off?”

“Hmm?” Mary-Ann was perplexed by the question

“Valerie McCormick is sitting over there” Tyler pointed “She has a new building she’s trying to sell- good rental place. Could be in the price range you mentioned to me yesterday. Can I introduce you?”

Mary-Ann took a sip of the wine she ordered and the two stood up. On the way over to the other table, Mary-Ann whispered in his ear.

“What did you mean 'show-off’?”

“Because my girlfriend is the most beautiful person here, and I want everyone else to know it.”

It was a brash statement after all of his self-deprecating humor. The change in tone gave Mary-Ann a sexual buzz. She kissed him on the cheek again. He pulled his arm around her waist as the two approached Valerie’s table.

“Valerie!” Tyler called her name

She looked up and smiled at him. Her eyes darkened a bit when she saw Mary-Ann, as though she was disappointed by something

“I wanted to introduce you to my girlfriend, Mary-Ann.”

“Mary-Ann Adimari? You own Pax Americana Mortgage, right?”

“That’s right!” The curly red hair and ample breasted woman could be a great referral source and even better contact for Mary-Ann, she put her game face on, even as her wine started to hit her. “Tyler mentioned that you had a apartment building you’re selling? Is it on the market yet?’

“Not quite, you’re interested?”

“Very, could you give me a call? Tyler will give you my number.”

The two shook hands and small talked for a little while. The entire time, Mary-Ann could feel her need to pee rising. Though she was hardly desperate. Eventually, they broke the conversation and started to walk back to their table. Mary-Ann whispered to Tyler as they walked

“They’re fake.”

“What?”

“Her boobs. She paid for them.”

“Oh? I didn’t even notice.”

“Yeah right! But you know something? Mine aren’t fake.”

She gave Tyler a flirtatious smile as they sat back down, Tyler nearly fell over.

“Damn it Mary-Ann, don’t tease me like that. You know I got a weak heart when I talk to you anyhow. I can only take so much!”

The two gave each other a knowing smile. The waitress came back and they ordered. Their conversation drifted back towards business. Tyler brought up the apartment building again

“And between us, I hope you get it before Sarah Darzi does.”

“She’s looking at it?” Mary-Ann gulped down more of her water. Then sipped her wine

“Word is she started an investment fund. Actually, a private one, looking at investing in mortgages and investment properties. I thought you two were friends.”

“Yeah, no. Not anymore.”

“Do I want to know? Or is it girl stuff?”

“I’ll tell you when you’re older.” The two laughed. Mary-Ann moved the conversation away from the cold-hearted Sarah. “Speaking of girl stuff, I actually have something you can help me with.”

“Uhhh…I don’t know about that kind of stuff if that’s what you-“

“No you dumb jock, I mean girls being bratty with each other.”

“Oh, Oh! Hey, I’m no jock.”

Mary-Ann playfully stuck her tongue out “Love you.”

Tyler smiled back “Love you too. So what’s up?”

“Well, I thought I had set Cassie straight, you remember she was really causing Karenna problems?” Tyler nodded, following the conversation “And once we got back from our field trip, Cassie had really started to produce again? Well, Monday, Karenna straight up tells her to shut up in a meeting. And not in a playful way, she really meant it! Cassie’s tried to hide it, but she’s been down all week, and I have no idea how to handle this now. Karenna’s not going to apologize, she’s still miffed at Cassie.”

There was quiet as Tyler thought to himself. He assessed the situation, and sat back in his chair. He got and idea, and leaned forward

“This is like when coach had both Brian Scott and Marques Williams on the team.”

"Is this another football analogy?"

"There's always a football analogy"

Mary-Ann chuckled “Alright, fine. So Marques Williams huh? The running back for the New York Steel?”

“Yeah, I played college ball with him. Anyway, he and Brian were hating on each other all training camp, practice, you name it. So coach took them both for a fishing trip.”

“You want me to take Cassie and Karenna fishing?” Mary-Ann was starting to need to pee

“No. I might be a jock, but I’m not that much of an idiot.”

The two laughed, Tyler continued “So he got them on a boat and told them to start rowing out, and that he’d meet up with them out there. Well, coach never had another boat, and the two guys had zero idea what they were doing. So they had to rely on each other to get back to shore. It took them hours, but they were the best of friends after that. Still are to this day.”

Mary-Ann understood the concept “Rockadora is in town next week. It’s one of those festivals. Maybe I could get them tickets?”

“Bingo.” Tyler pointed “You’re so smart. No wonder you’re such a well-respected leader.”

Mary-Ann leaned in, smiling “It’s only because I’ve got the best boyfriend.” She kissed him on the forehead “But the well-respected leader has to pee. I’ll be back in a second.”

“Don’t take too long. I only get so much time with you.”

The walk to the bathroom was more challenging than it should have been, the tables were laid out in a way that gave little room for people walking in both directions. At the very least, Mary-Ann was glad she wasn’t desperate. She made it to the bathroom just fine.

The bathroom was just as stylish as the rest of the restaurant. The sides of the large center mirror were made up to look like columns and the white color gave the rest of the room’s style a Roman aesthetic. The stalls were less decorative, but were still fancy in that they were each there own closet, every person got their own space. Mary-Ann entered the center stall. She was alone in the bathroom, the piano music playing softly through the speakers. She stared at the toilet. Most normal people would have spun around and sat down at this point, but a dirty little voice spoke into Mary-Ann’s mind. It is a date you know. Remember your first one? And that time in the park? Or on the phone? He didn’t know then. He doesn’t have know now. Neither does anyone else. The devil on Mary-Ann’s shoulder hit her in her weakness. She wanted it. She was horny after all. This would only make it better. Maybe just a little. Just a taste.

Mary-Ann hiked up her dress and sat down on the toilet without removing her panties. At first it was just a little spurt. A dime sized patch appeared on her matching blue panties. Not enough to drop into the toilet. A little more. Now her blue panties were a much darker shade. But they still absorbed all of her allotted urine. More. Mary-Ann released more, this time a small flow pushed through and dropped into the toilet water. She tried to stop. More. It feels so good. 

She gave in just a little longer, her stream becoming stronger. Clenching, it was time to stop and pee the way she was supposed to. Mary-Ann’s flow slowed, but was impossible to stop. The voice kicked over the last of her objections. Relax. Let it happen. You know you want this. With that, her stream arced out of the wet fabric and as she pushed even harder, more small rivulets made their way to the back of her thighs. It there was a small pool towards her backside as she let the rest fall into the toilet, her panties doing nothing to stop it. She grinded on the toilet seat, enjoying every second. Wishing Tyler knew about it.

Another woman came into the bathroom. She used the stall next to Mary-Ann and started a weaker sounding stream. She has no idea what I’m doing. A slight moan escaped Mary-Ann lips as she finished. Goosebumps appeared on her skin as she shivered from the devious act. She dabbed the wet fabric with some toilet paper, if only to shake off the excess urine. She dropped it into the toilet and flushed.

Making her way to the sink, she checked herself out in the mirror. You couldn’t tell a thing. Her dress was unscathed, her panties drenched. She felt horny, hornier than she had been in a long time. And she had her boyfriend with her. She tingled with excitement at what they might do, what they could do. And dinner was half over. She washed her hands and exited the bathroom. She waived to Valerie as she passed her table, the older woman was none the wiser as she smiled at Mary-Ann. None of them knew. Not the waiters and waitresses, not any of the other patrons, not even her boyfriend. Mary-Ann had peed her panties and gotten away with it. She sat back down, their food was ready, and Tyler had waited for her. She was aroused, and could think of nothing but him for the rest of the evening.

“That might have been the best dinner I’ve had.” Mary-Ann thanked Tyler as they exited the restaurant.

“Mine was good, but you could have served me a cooked shoe and I would have loved it. Nothing beats being with you Mary-Ann.” Tyler wrapped his arm around her waist. He was close to her still damp panties

Mary-Ann put her head to his shoulder as they walked to her car. She was sad the evening was ending. She was sure she was falling in love with Tyler. She wanted just a little extra time with him. She looked up

“Hey that constellation looks like you.” She made him stop

He looked up “I don’t see it.”

“Huh. I’ve never been good with those either. Is this better?”

She kissed him deeply. Her hands on his cheeks, his arms around her waist. They started to make out. His hands reached down. They touched her butt. And her still damp panties. He noticed

“Uh, Mary-Ann? Are your-“

“I told you I liked you a lot.” She kissed him again, hoping he’d buy it

He did. Tyler gave her butt a squeeze as they moved towards Mary-Ann’s car. She was alive, on fire with promiscuous thoughts. She broke the kiss.

“Your hand, tiger.”

Tyler brought his hand up. Mary-Ann grabbed it and put it on her slightly exposed thigh. The two ran Tyler’s hand up the seam, she guided him to herself.

“Tell me what my tigress wants.”

“Rub.”

He did as she asked, rubbing and stimulating her, all the while assuming her panties were wet from her arousal. And they were. It was just mixed with her devious act. Eventually he had a finger or two inside her and the two bodies slammed into the SUV. Mary-Ann gave direction, and Tyler obeyed. She was grinding and squirming in the parking lot, and only by some grand luck, no one was aware what they were doing in the dark.

Mary-Ann hugged him. She was close. He was perfect, every motion sent even more pleasure through her body. She was about to cum. She had to scream. She was going to yell. Thinking fast she bit hard into the closest thing she had. His shoulder.

“OW!”

“Sorry. Please don’t stop. I’m about to-“

Tyler immediately went back to work. A moment later, Mary-Ann released, her sex juices flooded over Tyler’s hand. Their first time. Mary-Ann was on a different plane. She knew how bad she had wanted that. Keeping him in an embrace, she asked him

“I didn’t hurt you too bad, did I tiger?”

“I just didn’t know you bit. I can dig it if you’ve got a little kink though.”

“Mmm…you don’t know the half of it.”

“Maybe I’ll find out. When do I see you again?”

“Anytime you want. I want you.” Mary-Ann was still panting

“I want you too. I’ll call.”

“Don’t take too long.”

“That’s not possible, I can’t wait too long.”

The two kissed as they broke their embrace, and Tyler walked back to his car. Mary-Ann checked to see that no one could spot the two lovers.

“Oh, Tyler?”

He turned around. Mary-Ann pulled the top of her strapless dress down.

“I still promise you that these are real.”

His jaw dropped in exaggerated shock. But he loved the sight.

“I never doubted you. But they look unreal in this light.”

Mary-Ann covered herself and blew him a kiss. He winked back. Sitting back down in her car, Mary-Ann couldn’t believe what a night she had. Or what kind of man she was starting to love. Would he really 'dig' what she was into?

“Cassie, Karenna. Before we start, can I see the two of you in my office?”

Unaware of what their boss wanted, the two followed. Anna stayed in the conference room. It was a week after Tyler’s suggestion, and Mary-Ann had kept it to herself. Karenna shut the door, the three were in Mary-Ann’s office alone.

“I know the two of you have had problems with each other for nearly a month now. But the fact of the matter is. I respect the both of you for different reasons.”

Cassie and Karenna exchanged looks.

“And I know you both respect me as both your boss and your friend. So I’m asking a favor of the both of you.”

Mary-Ann produced a flier and two passes.

“Take today off and spend some time together. I think you two are more alike than you think.”

“I can’t” Karenna spoke first.

“Yeah. Um…We-we’re dressed like this” Cassie motioned to their business attire

Both nodded.

“So yeah, sorry boss.” Both were trying to wiggle out of it

Mary-Ann was about to acquiesce. But she remembered Tyler’s story. How the coach just left them out there

“Sorry girls. I wasn’t asking.”

There was a quiet in the room. Karenna sighed. Cassie was the first to take the tickets and the flyer. She handed one to Karenna. She made another effort to atone for her earlier mistakes

“Karenna, look, Obscure Sighs, 12 Ripe Tomatoes, the Roach Brothers.” She was pointing to each on the flier. “This could be fun.”

“For me, Kar?” Mary-Ann pressed the issue.

“Fine. C’mon Cassie, let’s go.”

Cassie walked in front of Karenna until Mary-Ann called to her

“Thanks Cas!”

Cassie smiled at her boss. Karenna turned around and stopped. She mouthed the word to Mary-Ann

“Really?”

Mary-Ann clasped her hands like she was praying and mouthed back

“Please?”

Karenna rolled her eyes and shook her head, before exiting. Mary-Ann walked back into the conference room. Anna was doodling on her notepad

“What ’cha drawing?” Mary-Ann was happy that the two other girls had obeyed

“Just…stuff. So what’s happening?”

“You’re on top of your stuff Anna. I don’t think we need our usual Friday wrap up. Cassie and Karenna won’t be back today. Do you want to go and get lunch somewhere?”

“Uh…can we not? I just…don’t want.” She paused “Can we order something in?”

“Sure! We’ll use the conference room.”

Anna smiled. Still standoffish

The rest of the morning was slow until Valerie called. The two women set up a showing in two weeks, and Mary-Ann was on the phone with her bank and financial contacts for the rest of the morning. Lunchtime came quickly, and Mary-Ann’s mouth was dry from speaking on the phone. She finished her water from the morning and joined Anna in the conference room. The astute secretary had ordered sub sandwiches.

It was awkward to say the least. The two were quiet. The only sound was the crinkling of wax paper and the munching of sandwiches. The occasional drink of water or soda broke the two actions, but Anna remained on her phone. Mary-Ann attempted a conversation

“Any new friends lately or experiences?”

“No.”

There was silence for a while.

“What about family? The holidays are coming up.”

“No. I did my shopping already.”

“Oh.”

“Yeah. My family is small.”

Another quiet. There was a commotion outside that neither girl heard. Anna suddenly straightened in her seat.

“I’m sorry Mary-Ann, but I’ve rea-“

The fire alarm cut through the air in its loud sounds and whistles. Mary-Ann jumped at the sudden racket. Anna looked worried. She bit her lip. She closed her eyes as if she had just been delivered the worst new of her life. Boss and secretary ventured out into the parking garage, and followed the line of people outside. It didn’t look like anything was wrong with the building. Fire trucks could be heard in the distance.

“M-Mary-Ann? Could we move to the back?”

“Ok. Is something wrong?”

Anna nodded. She looked worried. Dread was in her brown eyes. She bit her lower lip again. Mary-Ann guided her to the back of the growing crowd of people. The two had to keep walking back as the crowd grew. Mary-Ann was worried about Anna. She feared that the girl was in the middle of a medical emergency and that she was just trying to be noble. Farther. They moved back still. Even as the crowd stopped growing, Anna nearly had them at the alternate entrance to the parking garage. Mary-Ann had to intervene.

“Anna. Please tell me, what’s wrong? Are you ok?”

“Uh…M-Mary-Ann…I um…I had a surgery that went wrong in high school school. I-I-I” There was a sudden splattering sound on the concrete “I can’t feel when…when I have to go. Until it’s a-almost too late.” The ground was getting wet underneath the shaking Anna “I’m-I’m. I’m having an accident.”

With that, Anna started peeing her pencil skirt. Urine escaped down her legs, and poured into her heels. A steady stream of pee splattered the sidewalk as it sprayed her legs. Anna groaned. It was happening again. Another job. Another ruined reputation. She wondered if Mary-Ann was one of the ones who was sympathetic or disgusted.

“Awww, Anna. You poor thing.” Mary-Ann put a hand on Anna’s back

At least she’s a sympathetic one. Anna just stood there, watching the Firemen enter the building. Why had she been given this misfortune? She was done with crying over it, she was done with getting angry. She just wanted to have peace with herself. It didn’t come with this accident. She could feel her soaked panties. She sighed.

“I-I’m done.”

Mary-Ann rubbed her back.

“It’s ok. Let it out Anna. I’m here.”

Anna appreciated the notion, but she’d heard it all before. The words rang hollow to her.

“Do you have a change of clothes?”

Anna nodded “My car. I don’t think anyone saw us, can we go?”

Mary-Ann nodded. She got an idea. “I hope you have an extra for me. I didn’t get a chance when we left our lunch either.”

That’s a new line. Anna’s was confident that Mary-Ann didn’t mean it, but it did make her feel better that someone else was at least pretending. The two entered the garage.

“I had no idea Anna. I’m sorry.”

“I try to keep it a secret. It’s embarrassing.”

“Is there anything I can do?”

“No. No one can do a thing.”

There was some quiet. Mary-Ann made of point of crossing her legs. She wasn’t that desperate. Nor did she really need to pee all that much. Anna suddenly spoke out, anger in her voice

“It’s just. It’s just. People are your friends and you think they’ll stick by you. Then when you become that girl that pees her pants during a presentation, or a test, or at the talent show, they all turn on you. I-I had a special bathroom rule with my teachers, because I peed my pants in class more than once. They’d let me go whenever I had to. The substitutes never understood.” She paused to breath. Anger poured out of her. “When you try to get a job and you pee your pants in front of a customer. When your manager uses it against you. When…when…when the world hates you because of one stupid doctor!”

“Anna. Anna I’m here.”

“No! No! Everyone says that but they don’t get it!”

“Well, I’m about to. Because I really can’t hold it anymore either.”

Anna watched. A quick jet of pee flew out of Mary-Ann’s skirt. Then nothing. Mary-Ann’s mind closed her bladder. What about your rule? Screw the rule, my employee needs this. But what if someone sees? It worth it for her sake. Pee Mary-Ann, pee! The voices debated with each other until another warm trickle escaped her labia. This time it didn’t stop. It was slow, and just ran down one leg. Mary-Ann closed her widened stance. The weak stream became slightly harder, and poured down onto her left heel. It splattered for a few seconds. Anna stood in utter shock as her boss willingly peed her pants in front of her. As quickly as it started, it stopped. There was silence. Anna spoke

“You…you didn’t really need to do that.”

“What? Pee? I really did need to though.”

“I can see that. But I mean….you did that on purpose.”

Mary-Ann turned red. She hoped it had come off as legitimate. She had nothing to say, it wasn’t Karenna. There was no banter to be had. Suddenly, Anna hugged her.

“No offence Mary-Ann, but you’re not the best actress. I know what a real accident is. What it looks like. What it sounds like. I know you did that on purpose. Thank you.” She looked up at Mary-Ann. Her eyes glossy with joy “I’ve gotten sympathy before. But no one has ever tried to walk in my shoes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for making me feel safe. Accepted. Thank you for making me feel a little normal again.”

The two smiled. The first time Mary-Ann had seen one on Anna’s face.

“I do recall asking you if you had a change, Anna. Do you have one for me?”

Anna nodded. “Thank you.”

Mary-Ann patted her on the shoulder. Before they ran up to Anna’s car, she snapped a picture of her wet panty-hosed leg to Karenna. It had a caption

Parking garage doesn’t count

A/N: While writing this, I still was cautious about continuing the rivalry between Karenna and Cassie by having Karenna yell at her first. I felt like it gave it some depth, but I'm not sure how it came across to you all as readers. Also, the relationship between Mary-Ann and Tyler, does it feel like someone she would really fall for? Is there enough here yet to make that determination? And lastly, Anna's scene. While I don't intend to make her as central as Cassie, Karenna, Chloe or Mary-Ann, I was hoping her scene didn't feel tacked-on or cheap. Did it feel rushed? How could it have been improved, and did it really fit here?

*085*2021-11-30 00:34

{{4 hours ago, orangelion said:

Karenna shouting at Cassie sounded like she was frustrated that Cassie ruined her chance at having an accident in front a group of people for the first time, fulfilling her fantasy. Tyler and Mary-Ann make a nice couple and I look forward to more of them. Anna's scene did feel rushed, but only because there is no build up as she doesn't feel any desperation until she is bursting. So it's hard to get around that, but it's actually kind of nice to have this different kind of sudden desperation that can come as a surprise to readers in the story.

}}

The problem with Anna is that I don’t have a ton of ideas for her yet lol. Most of the scenes at lest in the coming interludes and certainly chapter 5 will be mostly Karenna and Mary-Ann. Open to suggestions from any reader on that as well.

I’m glad that Tyler and Mary-Ann come across as a loving couple. I really want to nail their relationship as a positive one, and that he’s someone that she can go to when she needs help. Great feedback, thanks!

{{55 minutes ago, PeeHour said:

I agree with everything orangelion said above. I really enjoyed the last scene with Anna, though! And I like how Mary-Ann is stsrting to give in more and just wet, whether in a fancy restuarant or breaking her own rules at the office!

My only comment is to maybe add some more spaces between scenes. We went from Mary-Ann and Tyler's sexual scene straight to a business meeting, and I was a bit thrown off for a second lol.

Overall though, another great part! I'm looking forward to seeing how Karenna and Cassie mesh in the next part!

}}

I always enjoy your perspective on the chapters, because it allows me as the author to step back and look at how I’ve set up the characters. I think by having Mary-Ann slowly accept more and more of what she likes and Karenna kind of jumped in right away, and has even told Chloe already. It fits them as characters imo.

By a space, do you mean just like a line spacer, kind of how you did in “The Assignment”? After I reread it, you’re totally right lol. It goes right from Mary-Ann flashing her tits, to her calling over Cassie and Karenna lol

*087*2021-11-30 19:37

{{58 minutes ago, arg08 said:

Mary-Ann/Tyler feels like she hasn't really "fallen for" him yet, but the potential is there.

Nothing wrong with Anna's scenes, and an interesting twist, but I do wonder how you are going to make her fit in. Will she be upset if she discovers that Mary-Ann enjoys it which devalues the gesture she apparently made in support of Anna. Not to mention finding a bunch of people who enjoy the thing that makes her life miserable. Very tricky to write a nice outcome - but I am sure you can do it!

}}

Your right on Tyler’s relationship with Mary-Ann. I think as an author, I want it to be farther along than it is, but I guess its just because they haven’t gotten a lot of time together in the story. At least time that we’ve seen.

I really like the “gimmick” with Anna too, but the arc I had planned for her was totally different than the perspective that you just gave. Which is why I love your feedback! I’m planning on this story being about 10-14 chapters (most likely 12), so I could readjust things going forward.

Between you and all the others that have given ideas and constructive feedback, this is why I believe that this is one of the strongest reading groups on the whole site itself!

*088*2021-12-01 10:33

A/N: I must say I really enjoy how this one ends chapter 4. I think we have a lot of good character placement as we start to wrap up the first half of this story. Of course, let me know. Feedback is not only encouraged, but appreciated! There are a few questions I'd love to know the answer to as well. Who is your favorite character so far, and why? And also, what has been your favorite or most memorable sequence? Special shoutout to @PeeHour for their excellent story "Told To". Which is cameoed here! Let me know if you found it! Also, references to one specific band are made here, 50 internet points if you guess it correctly. Lastly, read the authors note at the end for a synopsis of chapter 5!

TRIGGER WARNING: Alcoholism is implied. Not a huge part of the story, but I thought I should leave one anyway

Chapter 4.6: Karenna's Looking Glass

A tired and frustrated Karenna sat on the edge of her bed. Her alarm was ringing, telling her to get up. Instead she just sat, staring at the hardwood floor. She sighed- dejected. Standing, her mattress cover crinkled, begging her to use it as her sanctuary. She passed on it, not wanting to do the laundry it would require. She wanted it to be special. You know the one you want it to be special for. Just use it, you know that’ll never happen. You’ll never see Mary-Ann like that again, you know that Karenna. Why wait for something you enjoy? And don’t you have a girlfriend you can tell about it? Her moral compass was trying to take her dirty mind off of what she had seen a week prior. It had dulled everything else, to see Mary-Ann’s pussy.

Karenna stood, her protected mattress sounded offended that it wouldn’t be used again. She stumbled and shuffled over to the bathroom. Still moping, she flicked on the light. Stopping just inside the doorway. The bathroom was orderly, the tub and shower combination on her right, the toilet in between the counter and tub. It was perfectly neat for no one but herself. She stood there, sad. The grind of the week had gotten to her and the emotional toll that her work now took out of her could undoubtedly be traced back to her daily struggle with Cassie. It hung like an albatross around her neck, and the half-asleep Karenna still just stood there. She had another thing to release.

You know you don’t want to use the toilet. A familiar rush swept from Karenna’s bladder to her slit. She did nothing to halt the flow. She felt the light vibrations from her privates. The warm feeling around them. The splattering bathroom tile. Now Karenna stood there, peeing her panties.

The grey material distended and hung slightly as it tried to absorb the current of her yellow morning pee. But there was nothing it could do as a stream broke through and continued to create a puddle on the bathroom floor. The white tile accentuated the yellow piss as it splattered on Karenna’s legs and feet. Her inner thighs were coated by small gullies of piss that escaped the fabric of her panties. They too dripped off the black woman’s legs and contributed to the puddle, which now nearly touched her feet. An audible hiss could be heard from inside her now soaked underwear. Her panties continued to drip as the last of her urine exited her body. Now getting a good look at the puddle beneath her, Karenna briefly wondered why she chose to do that. She pulled her wet panties away from herself, watching a small dribble sneak out of her womanhood. She smiled as she slipped off her sodden panties. She did it because it brought her joy.

She flung her soggy panties over the side of the tub. As she turned on the water, her mind when back to her boss and what she had seen. As the shower water poured over her, she started to touch herself. Maybe one day, Mary-Ann would see Karenna’s pussy too. The thought excited her and as Karenna masturbated, she completely forgot she had a girlfriend.

As Karenna turned the showerhead off, she watched the water circle the drain. Her mood had changed completely. Stepping out of the shower, she began to towel herself off and pulled a number of sheets of toilet paper off of the roll. She winced and shook her hand as she touched the cold yellow pee on the floor. She had held her usual second urge for the sake of it, and another idea came over her. Grabbing the sodden panties from the side of the tub, she first wanted to put them back on. But she stopped. She’d feel dirty again with no time for another shower. Instead, she dropped them into the yellow puddle. Still nude, she squatted over her stained underwear.

Immediately a hiss was followed by a comparably weak stream of golden colored urine. It too splattered onto the cold puddle and Karenna aimed for her already wet panties. She reached down, turning them over so that no area would remain dry. As her stream started to come back towards her opening, she moved the now completely dark grey panties and finished peeing directly into the puddle. Rubbing the soiled fabric against her muff to wipe, she dribbled on it and wiped clean, tossing the bunched up underwear into the tub haphazardly. Excited, she decided to do a hold today and flood her dress pants as soon as she walked in the door. She cleaned up her mess and prepared for her day, being sure to take an extra glass of water with her orange juice.

Surprisingly, while on her drive to the office, Karenna’s phone rang. It was Mary-Ann.

“Hey Kar, happy Friday!”

“What’s got you so cheery?”

“I’m always happy! Well, and I got to talk to Tyler last night.”

“At least you like talking to your lover.”

“Uh-oh.”

“I mean, its not like she did anything wrong. But how much can I hear about whatever nonsense happened at a coffee shop and whatever video game she’s into right now?”

“So you’re breaking up with her?”

“I don’t know.” Karenna paused. She decided to share because Mary-Ann was her friend, not her boss “She’s awesome with her fingers. Really knows how to hit all the right buttons.”

“A little much there Kar” Mary-Ann said lightheartedly

“It’s true!”

“I’m not doubting you. But there is a reason I gave you a call.”

“Oh?”

“I’ve got a little surprise for you today. Did you pack sneakers?”

Karenna’s mind raced. She was hoping Mary-Ann meant that she had an idea for them to play with. But it was an odd question

“Um, no?”

“Oh. Well let me tell you in advance that I apologize. But you’ll do me this favor, right?”

“I’d crawl the length of this state on my hands for you boss, you know that.”

“Thanks Kar. You’re my best friend, see you in a little bit.”

“Love you, boss.”

They hung up. Karenna was never sure if Mary-Ann knew what Karenna was saying. But it made her feel good to say it. With a smile on her face, she made her way to work, her bladder filling as she expected it to.

Karenna made her way up the parking garage, aware that Cassie was behind her. There was about twenty or so feet between them, enough for Karenna to plausibly deny avoiding her colleague. The two were in heels, and they clicked off of the concrete audibly until a car would pass.

Karenna went directly to the conference room and put her things in her usual spot, trying to avoid speaking with Cassie, who tailed her into the room. Anna was already seated. Karenna made awkward eye contact and gave Cassie a muttered good morning. Mary-Ann joined soon enough.

“Cassie, Karenna. Before we start, can I see the two of you in my office?”

Unaware of what their boss wanted, the two followed. Anna stayed in the conference room. Karenna was wondering what Mary-Ann had in mind. If it was a trust fall exercise or something corny like that, Karenna had made up her mind that it wouldn’t work. She shut the door behind her as the two made it to Mary-Ann’s office.

“I know the two of you have had problems with each other for nearly a month now. But the fact of the matter is. I respect the both of you for different reasons.”

Cassie and Karenna exchanged looks. Problems? That’s putting it mildly. Karenna thought

“And I know you both respect me as both your boss and your friend. So I’m asking a favor of the both of you.”

Mary-Ann produced a flier and two passes. Karenna read the title. It was for Rockadora, some kind of music festival. Cassie took it from Mary-Ann hand and studied it.

“Take today off and spend some time together. I think you two are more alike than you think.”

“I can’t” Karenna spoke first.

“Yeah. Um…We-we’re dressed like this” Cassie motioned to their business attire At least she can lie pretty good. Wonder how many times she’s lied to me

Cassie and Karenna nodded, both wanted to avoid spending time together.

“So yeah, sorry boss.” Karenna tried

“Sorry girls. I wasn’t asking.”

There was a quiet in the room. Karenna sighed. She’d have to abort her hold. Nor had Mary-Ann ever been this forceful with her. Not that she needed to be, Karenna wasn’t a problem employee. But this must have been the favor she had asked for.

Cassie had tried to get out of it. But Mary-Ann had sent her a text asking if she could get a favor from her. Cassie was just happy that Mary-Ann considered her a friend, or at least just said she did. She tried to make the best of it

“Karenna, look, Obscure Sighs, 12 Ripe Tomatoes, the Roach Brothers.” She was pointing to each on the flier. “This could be fun.”

“For me, Kar?” Mary-Ann pressed the issue.

“Fine. C’mon Cassie, let’s go.” Spending a whole day with Cassie is a big favor there boss

As Karenna exited, Cassie walked in front of her until Mary-Ann called

“Thanks Cas!”

Cassie smiled at her boss. She was proud of herself and happy to have Mary-Ann happy with her. Karenna on the other hand turned around and stopped. She mouthed the word to Mary-Ann

“Really?”

Mary-Ann clasped her hands like she was praying and mouthed back

“Please?”

Karenna rolled her eyes and shook her head You’re lucky I love you. As she turned to Cassie, who was nearly at the automatic doors for the garage, she asked

“I’ll catch up, let me go to the bathroom first.”

“I don’t mean to sound rude, but if we don’t head out now, we’re not going to see anything but traffic.”

I hope she’s not trying to pull anything. Karenna considered her options. Cassie spoke again

“We can stop at a gas station when we’re closer.”

Karenna nodded and left the office. She still needed control over Cassie, unsure if the miscreant was trying to pull something over on her.

“I’ll drive.”

Cassie asked if she could get her shoes out of her car first, which Karenna allowed. Cassie brought them to Karenna’s car and got in with her colleague.

“Thanks. I hate heels so much.”

Karenna didn’t respond. There was nothing to respond to. She turned on the car and left the garage. The only sound between them was Cassie fumbling around with her shoes. Karenna shifted in her seat, the first sign that her bladder wasn’t happy with its delayed relief.

Mary-Ann was right. Karenna really didn’t deserve the kind of treatment Cassie gave her, and Cassie was happy to have the opportunity to make amends. Because the tough girl always apologizes. You’re weak. You know you’re weak. She tried to shut off the self-doubt. They stopped at a red light. Maybe conversation would make it go away.

“Did you see any bands you like on the flier?”

“No.”

“Oh. I like Obscure Sighs and the Roach Brothers. They do a lot of Rock and roll mixed with Rap and Obscure Sigh does a lot of Synth.”

“Cool.”

What is this, a date? Nice going Cas! She tried to tell herself to shut up. But she knew it. He whole life people either liked her or hated her. No in between. Unfortunately Karenna hated her.

Karenna felt like she was being to cold with Cassie. She had to at least give her credit that she was trying. After a quiet few moments, Karenna countered with a mutual interest

“Mary-Ann mentioned to me that the two of you are going upstate tomorrow. She’s giving a talk. Are you looking forward to it?”

“Hell yeah!” Cassie seemed way to excited “She’s just unlike any boss I’ve ever had. Like I actually want her to be proud of me.”

Wish I could get that much respect that quickly “That’s good. She’s so knowledgeable. Teaches you a lot. Both in life and work.” Karenna shifted again in her seat, her bladder filling

“Have you ever been with her on one of her trips?”

“Yup!” Karenna’s inflection changed as fond memories came back to her “I really like her. We had a ton of fun together, and you should have seen the hotel we got to stay in.”

“Sarah was with you guys, right? That was Steven Warner’s thing?”

“Sarah was there. Yes.” Karenna’s voice deepened. Her embarrassment from that day panged her. Her bladder also reminded her it was there

“I was supposed to be there, but…” Cassie changed the subject, not wanting to get into it “You guys aren’t like her at all.”

Karenna waited. Cassie clearly had more to say

“I mean. That’s why” Cassie sighed “That’s why, I was…was.” She trailed off

“Was?” Karenna rubbed her thigh with her free hand

“Why I was rude to you. Ok? There. I said it.” Cassie went back on her promise to herself of being the tough girl.

“I don’t get it. How did Sarah make you act like that towards me?”

“That’s how she taught us. That someone is only worth something if they’re willing to cut down whoever stands in their way.” Karenna gave Cassie a look. It sounded made up. Cassie backed it up “I’m not kidding you! Legit, one day, in a group meeting she said that ‘it’s the duty of the strong to dominate the weak.’” Cassie used air quotes. “And she also said that ‘if you’re strong and refuse to show it, you’re not noble, you’re harmless.’ So at first I figured it was the same here.”

“It’s not.”

“I know that. Now. But the first week, I come in, and I close that 800 mortgage and I knew it broke your record. Mary-Ann said it did. And yet you were still supposed to be the one coaching me.”

“I still am.” Karenna was a little miffed at the comment

“And you are. But 8 grand of personal income week one is a pretty damn good feeling.”

“I know. I matched that production that week.”

Cassie nodded. She still didn’t really care what Karenna had done. She wanted to say her piece “But the tough girl thing seemed to work. The way Sarah had tried to teach me, and you didn’t seem so…so…”

“So…what?”

“You know…tough”

“I’M NOT TOUGH? FUCK. YOU. DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHERE I CAME FROM?”

Karenna nearly stomped on the breaks in the middle of the avenue. Her blood boiled, this arrogant bitch had the audacity to say that. Karenna wanted to throw her out of the car, make her walk back. She gripped the steering wheel. Her eyes wide with anger. She had slightly risen out of her seat. When she laid back into the drivers seat, she felt damp. They stopped at a red light. Silence between the two. Karenna stole a feel of her red business slacks. The crotch was wet. She had gotten so angry that she leaked involuntarily. It’d be mortifying if she didn’t find it intriguing and a little hot. She looked over to Cassie. The girl was on the verge of tears.

“I fucked up, ok? I didn’t mean that. I was trying to apologize, and I can’t even do that right. I’m a screw up, ok? I’m not tough, I’m not smart, I’m not pretty. I’m not anything that I should be. I’m in debt, and I…” She turned away. She needed to cry. She didn’t want to.

Karenna didn’t know what to do. The light turned green. She grinded her wet spot. Part of her wished it had been a full blown accident. Where did that come from? Really? in front of Cassie? Karenna didn’t know how to react to herself or to her nearly crying colleague. She took a guess at handling Cassie.

“Will you at least say you’re sorry?”

Cassie nodded “I…I’m. I’m sorry.”

Karenna nodded. “Look, lets just drop this conversation for a while. Maybe some quiet would do us good.”

Cassie nodded, and looked out the window. Karenna wondered if there could ever be a way to recreate what she just did when she was really desperate. She wondered if she would have even noticed even if it was a complete wetting accident. She wanted to mention it to Mary-Ann. You have a girlfriend you know. Her moral compass tried to keep her on track. There was quiet in the car, it was just Karenna and her thoughts, and Cassie in hers.

The silence was broken by Cassie, who seemed a little more composed

“Hey, there’s a Parsons. You said you needed to stop right?”

“uh…” Karenna couldn’t really just admit that she didn’t have to now without making Cassie suspicions.

She decided to agree and just turn into the gas station. Cassie went inside the store and Karenna decided to fill her car. Though it didn’t really need it. Karenna pulled out her phone. They were just outside the city and the festival was just over a half hour or so away. Traffic was getting heavier as both her eyes and her phone told her. Looking around, she saw a few people around the gas station. She wondered if any of them saw her wet patch. It was big enough to nearly touch her thighs. She sent a text to her friend Nia

Mary-Ann has me driving Cassie to some music festival. It’s like having to drag a sibling around everywhere

She quickly got a text back Kind of like how your brother used to feel about you?

Yeah but he used to just ditch me all the time!

Nia sent her a shrug emoji back. There was nothing her friend could do, but Karenna got to vent. She put the gas pump back in its holster and sat in the car. Cassie came back with two drinks. As she let the other woman get back in her car, Cassie used both cup holders.

“I got us a peace offering.”

“Gas station coffee?”

“No way! Parsons hot chocolate. With some extra sweetener in it.” Cassie took a sip

“Cassie, it’s like 50 degrees out. Why do I need a hot chocolate?” Karenna started the car and drove around to the exit. Traffic was starting to back up, she’d have to sit for a little.

Cassie came out of a sip “Because it’s the best thing ever, and the only thing I could think of to show you I’m sorry.”

Karenna started to feel her bladder again. It hadn’t been fully voided when she leaked, but it had removed the pressure for a good amount of time. Now it was back, and Cassie was asking her to drink hot chocolate. If she didn’t, it would make the situation with Cassie worse. If she did, it’d take the situation with her bladder worse. Karenna decided that there would be toilets at the festival anyway. She took a sip of the hot chocolate. It was fantastic.

“Woah! Cassie, what’s in this?”

“It’s their hot chocolate, but I put the coffee sweetener that tastes like caramel and hazelnut in it too.”

“Good work on this. It’s great.” The moved into a line of cars. Sill a distance from the festival, but they could see the grounds

“So this is worth a 'good job', but not any of the work I’ve done for you?”

“What?” Karenna took another sip. Which turned into a gulp

“You never tell me that I’ve done a good job. Except when I get you a hot chocolate.”

“Is that what you want? Me to congratulate you for doing your job?”

“It’d be nice. I would feel a lot better.”

It was an easy concession. Though Karenna didn’t really see the need for it.

“Ok. Fine. From now on, I’ll pat you on the back after a closing.”

Cassie thanked her. Traffic hardly moved.

“You know how I got the idea for this? Funny story” Cassie was already almost done with her hot chocolate

“Mmm?” Karenna was gulping hers down in record time

“I was getting picked up for a DUI and the cop was a guy who had a crush on me in high school. No joke! He got me one of these and we chatted. I couldn’t leave the back of the car but…it helped.”

“What? Help you skirt the charge?”

“No! Well…yes. Suspension in this state only happens after the second offence. And if they have a hard time proving it, it’s only 90 days.”

Karenna was worried. She knew what alcohol was capable of.

“Cassie. Maybe its not my place, but… I’d feel guilty if I didn’t ask. Do you have a problem?”

“I can hold my liquor! Its fine. Just got caught is all.”

Karenna felt bad for the girl, even just a little. She’d heard these lines before. Cassie continued

“You know?” She finished her hot chocolate. “Sometimes you just want to forget and its nice to be able to get a little wild and be you. For a few hours you can forget all the pressure and” She paused “the failure. It goes away, and you can just be happy.” Cassie felt emotional. She wanted to give more. But she waited for Karenna to respond.

“I’m sorry.”

“For what?”

“That you see life that way.”

“Thanks, I guess. But why do you care, I thought you hated me?”

“I never said. Look. Hate is a strong word. I never said that I hated you” Karenna shifted. The hot chocolate and extra morning water were combining forces in her bladder

Cassie nodded “But you don’t like me.”

“You’re arrogant. Your production is choppy at best, and you’ve wasted more opportunity than anyone would ever give someone like me. But that doesn’t mean I hate you. Or even that I can’t like you.”

“Seems like a backhanded compliment.”

“It wasn’t a compliment.” Karenna paused. Feeling sorry for Cassie and not wanting to add to her emotional problems, she gave the girl a consolation “But we are supposed to be a team. And we can’t be sniping at each other or undermining each other at every turn.”

Cassie was quiet. Karenna was hoping the conversation would continue. They were still in traffic, and her bladder was filling. Her damp panties were not helping either.

“I think I’m done with that. Karenna, I don’t want to be that anymore. I’ve…I’ve learned a lot from Mary-Ann and…and maybe even you. You’re right. I have been arrogant." She sighed "I have wasted opportunities, and I’ve done nothing but run from it. Can I have another chance?”

Karenna looked at her. She seemed genuine in her eyes. If Karenna pried, she was sure she could get the girl to be more self-deprecating.

“Cassie. I learned early in life not to give second chances out.”

Cassie looked dejected.

“But. Maybe you can earn it. Lets just try to have fun here and, maybe we can come to an understanding.”

“Thank you.” Cassie paused “Did you enjoy the hot chocolate?”

“I did. Thank you Cassie.”

The air was clearer between the two women. Karenna didn’t know if it was a boon or a hindrance on her filling bladder. She looked over to Cassie, the partly brunette, partly blonde girl was staring out the window. She showed no signs of desperation. Karenna on the other hand, took one hand off of the steering wheel and put it over her crotch. The traffic wasn’t helping her.

Nearly twenty minuets later than they were supposed to arrive, Karenna pulled the car to the gate. Their tickets got them through to the parking lot. The nice, paved area was already taken, and Karenna was directed by a kid in a yellow vest to drive down a gentle grassy slope. He had no idea that Karenna had to pee. And she had to pee bad enough that she was driving with just one hand. The other firmly rested on her crotch. While they were parking, Karenna tire hit a patch of mud. With just one hand on the wheel, it got away from her for a moment. She grabbed the wheel with both hands, her thighs squeezing together as she got control of the car and parked. Luckily she still had control of her bladder, but her still damp panties were beckoning to the rest of her urine.

As Karenna stepped out of the car, she needed to stretch. But she also needed to hold her full bladder. Keeping herself arched forward, she tried to stretch. It hurt. She put a hand over her belly and on into the air to stretch her arm. She couldn’t keep her legs apart. She had to find a bathroom, and her bladder was filling rapidly. Cassie came around the side of the car.

“We’re at the end of the Roach Brothers, but I think we can still catch their last song or two if we hurry!”

“Can I pee first?”

Cassie wanted to hear her favorite band “Most of the other bands are in the middle of sets. Bathroom lines are probably going to be longer. By the time Roach is done, the other bands will be ready. Lines will be shorter.”

Karenna didn’t have anything to combat that claim, so she obliged Cassie. The walk to the festival grounds was arduous in heels. Karenna nearly fell and with each shake and twist to stay upright, the waters inside her violently shook, sloshing against her bladders walls. One leg crossed in front of the other. Karenna stopped. Cassie didn’t notice, but it gave Karenna time to grab her crotch and breathe. One song, one dance, then she could go.

The band was loud. It wasn’t really Karenna’s music, but it was certainly a lot of other people’s favorite. A crowd numbering in what looked to be the thousands was swarmed in front of the two business ladies. Cassie turned towards Karenna, easily in her sneakers, and offered a friendly dance. Karenna liked dancing, but not when she had to pee. She more stood in place and bobbed her knees than anything else. She kind of gyrated her hips, but it was more so to hold off the urge to pee. She asked Cassie what the name of the song was

“Diary of an Evil Angel.”

Karenna hated the name, but at least the swaying of her hips and other typical telltale signs of desperation were masked by the fact that everyone else was dancing. Cassie could dance, and Karenna wished she didn’t have to pee so badly, or was in heels. The two at least had their ability to dance in common. Grabbing her crotch, Karenna attempted to pass off her pee dance as and actual one. Not only did it not help decrease her need to pee, but Cassie leaned closer to her, still shouting over the music

“What is that?”

“The ‘I have to pee’ dance”

“Oh…Hey check out the guitar solo, it the end of the song!”

Karenna didn’t care about guitar solos, she cared about finding a place to piss, and with a growing sense of urgency. She was half bent over, swaying her knees and clutching herself. It’d be hot if she was with someone she actually wanted to be desperate with. Like Mary-Ann. Or your girlfriend. She had an easier time coping with her moral compass as she tried to hold her swollen bladder. It was starting to feel like a rock. Her abdomen was tight. It felt like the weight of her filled bladder was trying to pull her into the earth. Cassie grabbed her arm. The song must have been over. Karenna was starting to sweat.

“See, that was awesome! Isn’t Johnathan Hummel hot?”

Karenna’s knees were shaking. She was nearly at her limit. She couldn't stand up straight and she couldn’t clench any harder.

“Cassie. Please. I need a bathroom.”

Cassie could see her colleagues shaking legs. And noticed her stain from earlier.

“Oh God! I had no idea it was that bad. C’mon Karenna, I’ll find you one!”

Cassie took Karenna and led the desperate, shaky woman out of the music area and into the festival grounds. She was trying to earn her second chance, and getting Karenna to a bathroom or close to it was her objective. The bathrooms were a straight shot, but the amount of people made navigation difficult. Still, she held Karenna’s free hand.

Guiding the doubled over Karenna towards the long bathroom lines was slow. The festival grounds were dirt and grass, and the heeled Karenna wobbled. Her desperation didn’t help. She stopped. She exhaled. She put her free hand into her crotch. She knew her red dress slacks would show her leaks. At this point, they were an inevitability. Cassie spoke

“Can you walk?”

“It. Hurts. Cassie, I’ve had to pee since the office. I…I don’t know how much longer.”

Cassie looked around. There were people everywhere. Concession stands, groups of drinkers and smokers.

“Can-are you comfortable squatting?”

“Not-not he-re...ahh” Karenna dribbled into her panties

“Let’s keep walking then.”

“If she’s got to piss, she can do it on my face!” Some guy called from a group of his buddies

“Why don’t I cut your dick off, you inbreed!” Cassie screamed back at him. Pure venom in her voice. The anger from her repressed emotions coming forth

“Ca-Cassie please…no fights.”

“He’s weak, he’ll back off.” She hoped

“Hey you’re not so bad yourself!” The man yelled back

“Go back to fucking your friends and disappointing your father you fuckwad!” Cassie wasn’t having it

At this point, other groups had noticed the commotion and started telling the drunken man to settle down. Cassie and the desperate Karenna passed though without any other drunken morons yelling at them. But even as she guided Karenna, Cassie could feel her own need growing. A symptom of the hot chocolate. Then she saw it, it was long, but it was a line for the porta-potty, just outside the festival grounds. She grabbed Karenna by the arm

“Karenna I found it!”

“Ahhh! Cassie!” Karenna lost some more. She was on the verge

“Sorry!”

The two got in line. Karenna was wiggling her legs, bent over and had her hands deep in her crotch. Anyone who saw her knew what was wrong with the black woman. Cassie looked ahead in line. Just two girls, one blonde in out of season orange athletic shorts, and a brunette in jeans. Cassie heard them talking. The blonde spoke first

“This line is taking forever.” She and her friend giggled “And I’ve had plenty to drink. I don’t think I can hold it.” Cassie saw a dark patch forming on the crotch of her orange shorts. A stream trickled down her leg. Her brunette friend responded

“And we’re missing the bands! You’re right. I don’t think I WANT to hold it anymore.” A similar patch appeared on the back of her jeans “I’m just going to have an accident right here. You doing the same?”

“Way ahead of you!”

The two girls didn’t seem to have a care in the world as pee ran down their legs. The one in shorts was starting to finish, her athletic shorts dripping with pee. Cassie looked to Karenna, her colleague had her hands deep into her crotch, but was watching the one in jeans. Said jeans were turning a deep blue and it was obvious as she stained them, that the wetness that overfilled her legs was pee. Karenna suddenly started shaking harder. Shivering.

“That-that’s going to be me in two seconds if we don-d-don’t…ah! That’s me right now! I’m pissing! I need to find a place now!”

Karenna dashed off in front of Cassie, but the girl was still transfixed on the two college-age girls in front of her, purposefully peeing their pants. As if they were Told To. The blonde excitedly ran off, finished.

“Hey, Tori, Obscure Sighs is on, c’mon!”

“Wait! Lilly! I’m not done!”

Karenna didn’t know how she stayed upright. Her heels were hard enough to stand in, but the fact that piss was starting to run down one of her legs was a motivating factor. Looking to her left, Karenna spotted a tree. atop a grassy hill. There were groups of women squatted all around it. A pee area. She took off for it, piss now starting down both legs.

She made it to the tree, and small droplets were breaking through the material of her dress pants, the red fabric turning maroon. Thanking herself for not wearing a belt, she put her arm against the tree for support and got her pants down to her knee caps. The entire time, clear piss was traveling out of her, unimpeded.

She made it into a half squat, just enough to get her stream away from her pants, then stopped trying to hold it. It was orgasmic. Her bare butt was on display as well as her pussy as piss shot out of it, and sprayed the grass. It was loud. Both the usual hiss from her body and the splattering of the ground below. Her pee foamed and bubbled as it made contact with the dirt. It tuned to mud below her. Karenna took a quick look at her surroundings. Different groups of women were squatted around each other, all presumably doing the same thing. Karenna wanted some attention, her act was making her horny.

“Oh man! I almost made it!”

She yelled out to no one. A trio of girls below her looked up. One cheered her on, the one next to her shouting

“Yeah! Let it out girl!”

The third called to her friend

“Taylor look, you have a pee buddy!”

Karenna looked down at a black haired woman, who was probably drunk. But she was cute, her eyes hidden behind sunglasses. She had obviously peed her jeans. There was no hiding it, the stain went from her crotch all the way down her legs. She called up to Karenna

“Yeah, I ‘almost made it’!”

Karenna responded with a moan. It felt so good. Cassie walked up next to her.

“Room for one more? You got a cute butt by the way.”

“Yeah…don’t try and flatter me.”

“I was just stating a fact.” Karenna heard a hiss escape Cassie’s body as she squatted. Skirt hiked up. She wasn't wearing panties. “You’ve got it all down there.”

“Um…thanks?” Karenna was finally starting to finish.

“Show me yours I’ll show you mine.” Cassie said jokingly

Karenna laughed. Not because it was particularly funny, but because she made it. It felt good. The rest of her stream, now weak, flowed into her pants. Cassie spoke again

“Now those were some tough girls!”

Karenna didn’t respond. She stood where she was, waiting for the second urge to hit. Cassie continued

“I mean, they just stood there, and they didn’t care that they pissed their pants. It was like a challenge to everyone else to call them on it. And I doubt anyone would, you know? They’d assume they were just drunk or something.” Cassie was finishing peeing

“Yeah, I guess that’s brave”

“And they did it on purpose. They peed their pants on purpose.”

“Yeah…Who would do such a thing.”

If Cassie was cooler, maybe she’d know that about me. Karenna caught a peek of Cassie’s pussy as she stood. It was. Nice. Karenna shook her head. Don’t you dare go there with her! You’d never forgive yourself! But Karenna did like the complement about her own snatch from Cassie. It made her feel cute. The second urge hit, Karenna started again.

“Woah, Karenna! Again?”

“It was a lot!”

“Damn! You’re right! I might float away.”

Karenna rolled her eyes, enjoying her pee. Cassie tried to banter again

“You know, how am I supposed to be on a team with someone who has such a weak bladder?”

“It’s not weak, I’ve had to pee for so long!” Karenna was slightly miffed. She knew she was stronger than Cassie

“Surrreee…I’m just joking. Though.”

As Karenna’s second stream subsided, it too wet her pants. Karenna didn’t mind as much. It didn’t seem like Cassie did either. Karenna pulled her red slacks up. Cassie commented on the pee stain

“My God, Karenna! Why’d you even take them off?”

They were wet from her crotch down to about her kneecaps. And with the addition of the end of her pee streams, Karenna could feel how soaked they were around and above the crotch area. The top of her butt and even parts of the waste-band were pee drenched.

“Maybe because I didn’t want to piss my pants in front of you?”

Cassie grabbed her wet leg. It sent a jolt through Karenna. She was worried, she felt that before.

“I mean, you practically did. It’s cool though, just pee. I think you’ll like Obscure Sighs though, let’s go!”

Karenna smiled at her colleagues enthusiasm. As long as the fake tough girl was gone, maybe Cassie would be alright. But Karenna still worried. She worried that Cassie might be hiding an issue, one that she was not qualified to handle. She decided to take pity on the girl, in some ways she reminded Karenna of herself. But she was still annoyed about the weak bladder comment. She wondered if there was a way to prove to Cassie that hers was the stronger of the two.

Though neither girl would admit it yet, the icy banks of their relationship had been thawed. By boiling anger from Karenna, DUI hot chocolate, and pee. And under it all laid fertile ground, if either one wished to plant the seeds of friendship.

A/N: And that will conclude chapter 4! Overall, I liked the chapters, I think it had some of my best character work. Would obviously love your thoughts and ideas! And of course, thank you to the great @PeeHour for letting me reference Tori and Lilly from "Told To" (Which you need to read once you're done here: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/70789-told-to/page/6/

) Next up, we have interlude 3.1, 3.2, and 3.3. Afterwards, we have chapter 5, and let me give you a quick synopsis:

If you said that either Mary-Ann or Karenna were your favorite characters, this is the chapter for you! Especially if you like wetting, and intentional wetting at that! The girls trip is coming up, the one that Mary-Ann promised in chapter 3, and the two will bring a ton of extra clothes. The trip should start at 5.2 or 5.3 and will be nonstop intentional wetting, multiple times per sub-chapter for multiple sub-chapters. It will also feature the return of a character we haven't seen in a while, and if you can guess them correctly, I'll give you one interlude scene!

*089*2021-12-02 01:12

{{1 hour ago, PeeHour said:

I loved how Cassie wasn't grossed out my Karenna's wet pants or peeing, and she even seemed intrigued by Karenna, Tori, and Lilly! Perhaps this will awaken a shared interest? And the entire office will be wetters? And I like how Karenna and Cassie grew closer, and Karenna even seemed to react...well...to Cassie's compliments. Perhaps a hint of what's to come..? Well done!

}}

Are you reading my notes? Lol, I love the way you're able to take away so much from what I've written! And thank you again for your great series and allowing me to "borrow" Tori and Lilly for a scene. It was fun to use them as a catalyst for the development of Cassie.

I think with her, she's a little reckless, and so she doesn't really care about the modesty and social constraints around peeing. I feel like it might not be too much of a jump if someone introduces her to it...

Also, astute pickup on the ending interaction between the two. Who knows where it might go?

I'd like to know your favorite character so far as well. Or any other readers as well. Might be a good barometer for who to feature more of

*091*2021-12-02 21:52

{{4 hours ago, orangelion said:

My favorite scenario so far has been Cassie's interview because she was forced to hold it without panties and leaks several times throughout. Likewise my favorite character would have to be either Chloe or Cassie because they are more prone to peeing rather than wetting, though I'm leaning towards Cassie as we don't know Chloe all that well. From a pure character stand point, my favorite character is Mary-Ann because she cares about all her employees, treating them as friends and tries to make them get along with each other. I also like that she is strict about playing in the office, she has no problem letting go, figuratively and literally, outside of the office.

}}

That’s awesome! I liked writing that scene too, because it was a fun exercise in changing perspective. If you like Cassie, I think you’ll like the next two interludes. They’ll include wetting, but each girl will have a straight pee scene as well

*094*2021-12-03 01:19

{{3 hours ago, Bucketman said:

Can’t wait for them. Though I will say my favorite non-interlude was the first chapter. I guess I’m a bit more of a fan of pure accidents.

}}

Looking back on it, I think the first chapter was some of my best work. Really haven’t done a full on accident scene since chapter 3.2. Maybe a real one could pop up after chapter 5

*095*2021-12-03 02:02

{{27 minutes ago, PeeHour said:

I didn't know we were doing favorite scenes, but I think my favroite scene so far was Karenna and Mary-Ann wetting in the restaurant parking lot, because Mary-Ann kept acting like she wasn't going to do it and then just did.

Honestly I like any wetting scene with the two of them!

}}

I think you’ll get a real kick out of chapter 5, which will cover the girls trip that Mary-Ann promised at the end of chapter 3. Going to have a lot of intentional wettings between the two of them!

Also, for you and anyone else who’s been reading, they’ll be joined by a returning 3rd character, if anyone wants to take a stab at guessing who

*098*2021-12-03 15:47

{{4 hours ago, arg08 said:

Well, that's kind of a two-way street: the more coverage they get, the more chance we have to grow to like them.

So if you'd asked this question a few chapters ago it would have to be Mary-Ann because it was really her story. But then Karenna's character got more developed and right now she's my favourite: her life is more complicated and really shows her character as she tries to deal with what life throws at her, while Mary-Ann is now in an easy groove - nice boyfriend, able to indulge her fetish at will, loyal staff all do what she tells them, no real challenge. But who knows, maybe Mary-Ann will make a comeback. I don't think Cassie will ever be my favourite, though that doesn't mean she deserves less screen-time as her story is beginning to get interesting.

}}

I always love your analysis! Thanks for the feedback. It’s almost like a feedback loop as a writer, because Karenna has the heavier subject matter, which makes her more interesting, which makes me want to write about her more, which givers her more depth…etc.

That being said, I do think Cassie will also eventually have the same depth. The two of them I think have the most. I don’t think Mary-Ann will have a real challenge until a certain rival starts to put pressure on her. (Hint). But I doubt she’ll have the emotional hurtles the other two will have. Other than telling her boyfriend about her habit, because she’s already “got it figured out.”

I’m redoing Anna’s character a bit after your suggestion as well. I really liked your feedback on her as well!

Would love to know your favorite part so far too!

{{9 hours ago, orangelion said:

Perhaps Sarah will make a come back?

}}

I like where your heads at! Not quite yet though. It’s a character who only has one other appearance so far.

*099*2021-12-03 21:27

{{22 hours ago, Hugyjugthygb d said:

My favourite chapter was the first chapter as well because I like accidents more than intentional wettings.

}}

{{23 hours ago, Bucketman said:

Can’t wait for them. Though I will say my favorite non-interlude was the first chapter. I guess I’m a bit more of a fan of pure accidents.

}}

What is it that you both enjoy about said accidents? For instance, if two characters had a holding contest, which may come up at some point...or two. Would it be as intriguing as the first incident?

*101*2021-12-05 08:43

A/N: This one ended up being a long one. While essentially being chapter 4.7, I wanted to condense Cassie's trip with Mary-Ann in one part. This interlude has something for everyone. Multiple pee scenes, bedwetting, and even some intentional wetting. This idea came from a request from @Bucketman

, who asked for another bedwetting scene. I don't do them often, but they are really fun to write. I think that shows here. So if you liked the scene, thank @Bucketman

. Also, there is plenty of character development here, especially for Cassie. Let me know how it came out. As always, feedback is not only encouraged but appreciated.

Interlude 3.1

The early mornings used to get to Mary-Ann. But over the almost four years in the mortgage industry, she had gotten more and more used to it. It was normal now. The dark suburban roads. The stores that weren’t open, save for a few gas stations, and the light from the occasional home of other early risers. The only disappointing part today was the fact that Mary-Ann was going to miss working out at the gym. Working out relaxed her. If she was stressed, she could lift her weights. If she was happy, she could marinate in her joy by running. It prolonged her emotions. And no matter how she felt, she could always get home, hop in the shower and pee in her leggings.

Without Mary-Ann’s usual gym day, her energy just wasn’t quite the same. As she sipped on her water, she was still in her blue leggings that she would have worn to the gym today. But driving was another relaxing activity for her, and with the six hour drive in front of her, it would more than make up for her lack of gym time. It was unconventional, to use water to wake up. But Mary-Ann felt herself becoming more and more alert with each sip, which quickly became most of the tin as she neared the address Cassie gave her.

It was a surprisingly nice apartment building. With a cobbled drive way and a security guard out front. The tall building must have been at least five stories, a classy building. It wasn’t far from the new apartment building Mary-Ann was looking to buy. Near the university, and right in the heart of the city.

A woman in a sweatshirt stood out front of the apartments she just pulled up to. Her mini skirt was too short, and it hardly covered her butt. Her grey sweatshirt preserved whatever modesty she had left. Mary-Ann stopped the car. It was Cassie, barely awake. She had packed nothing with her but her purse, and climbed in once Mary-Ann unlocked the door.

“Just you?”

“It’s only a day trip.”

“You can wear some of my clothes then.”

Cassie mumbled as she slouched back into the seat, clearly tired. Mary-Ann wanted a companion for the drive, and spoke to her

“Nice place."

“Hm? Oh, its not mine. It’s” Cassie was slurring her words a bit. She paused “Whoever I was with last night. It’s his.”

“Oh. Your, your lipstick” Mary-Ann pointed. It was smudged

“Sorry. I couldn’t get out this morning unless I gave him-“

“Cassie, please! It’s like six in the morning.”

“Mmfh. And I’m still tired.” She yawned. “Can I sleep?”

“Sure. But I’ll need to stop for gas before we hit the highway.”

“Wake me if it’s a Parsons.”

It was an odd request but Mary-Ann could fulfill it easily. With Cassie starting to nod off, the two went quiet. If Mary-Ann was going to have any sort of companionship, she’d have to make sure they stopped at that gas station. Cassie was not about to wake up for anything else.

With the sun starting to rise, Mary-Ann’s SUV made its way into the gas station that Cassie had asked for. Mary-Ann had never stopped at this station before, despite the amount of times she had traveled on this route. It looked like any other gas station, what Cassie wanted it for, Mary-Ann had no idea. She shook the girl awake.

“Cassie. Parsons.”

“Wha? Oh! Yay!” She suddenly livened up, grabbed her purse and left

Mary-Ann stepped out to fuel her car, hoping it would be the only time she would have to stop for gas on the road trip. She finished her water as she stood at the pump, the water refreshed her. Cassie came out as Mary-Ann was finishing filling her car with gas. Cassie had two coffee cups which she put in the cup holders as she sat back down in the car. Mary-Ann joined her soon after and started the car.

“Thanks for the coffee Cassie, but I’m trying to stay away from it.”

“It’s not coffee. But it is the best drink you’ll ever have, ask Karenna.”

Mary-Ann took a sip. Hot chocolate. It was sweet, almost too sweet. It was okay, but she appreciated the gesture from Cassie.

“Not bad Cas. You said Karenna liked this?”

“Either that or she’s a good liar. As far as I know, I made peace with her over this.”

Mary-Ann took another, longer sip. Unbeknown to her, the liquid was making a beeline for her bladder, right behind the water she just had. She pulled the car onto the highway.

“So you and Karenna are good now?”

“I don’t know about good. I mean maybe. But I got to apologize, and I think she understood where I was coming from.”

“You mean, why you treated her so poorly?”

“Yeah. I explained to her about how Sarah taught us, and I think she got it. Then I almost fucked it up again.”

Mary-Ann turned and furrowed her brow. She didn’t like the excessive cussing, but she wanted to hear the rest of the story

“I didn’t mean to call her weak, I was just saying that by the standards that Sarah had set, and the fact that Karenna is so hands off, it seemed like she was a weak overseer. She really didn’t like that.”

“No, I can’t imagine she did.”

“But that concert really changed a lot. We had fun dancing, and I got to be me. She got be her. We get along much better that way, you know? I’m just happy I can be me around you guys.”

“I would have it no other way Cassie. I’m sure she’s glad to have an understanding with you.”

“Yeah, then we shared a pee together and danced some more. She’s really got some moves.”

Mary-Ann nearly spit out her drink at the callousness at which Cassie recounted her story. Her bubbly personality starting to break though. Speaking quickly, Cassie just continued talking

“I saw the craziest thing there too! These two women, instead of waiting in line, they just peed on themselves and went back to the bands!”

Mary-Ann was quiet. How could she respond? It came as a bit of a shock to her that there were other women who shared her habit outside of herself and Karenna. She certainly wouldn’t reveal her habit to Cassie. But what did the girl want her to say? As Cassie continued, Mary-Ann decided to bite her tongue and drink her drink. Cassie was having a fun conversation to herself

“It was so different! But if that’s what they’re comfortable with, I guess it doesn’t matter. It’s so real, its like a challenge to everyone else. If they get called on it, I’ll bet they’re super honest. They’re probably really good friends to have.”

Mary-Ann could feel her bladder start to take on too much. With both the water and the sweet hot chocolate, it was filling fast. She felt comfortable enough to wait an hour for their next rest area. Even though there was one coming up. Cassie was still talking.

“…If you had friends who just peed their pants because they got bored, they’d either be the weird friends you never hang out with, or the cool friends that you want around you. Like Karenna was cool about it.”

“Wait, What?” What did Karenna do with Cassie?

Mary-Ann’s mind flashed with a thousand scenarios. Had Karenna gotten bolder? Did she do it on purpose? Cassie’s answer quelled many of those fears

“Yeah, when I got over to her, she had half peed her pants already, and I think she should have just owned it and kept them on.”

“Why? So you could have something on her?” Mary-Ann was trying to find the logic

“No! Because we’d get plenty of looks as the two women in business clothes and one of us obviously had an accident. We’d be intimidating to anyone who wasn’t cool, or like, real.”

Flawless logic. What is up with this girl? Mary-Ann was perplexed at how quickly Cassie’s mood had changed. The sun was still rising, it hadn’t been forty minutes after their stop for gas. Mary-Ann examined her cup. She could feel it in her bladder. She’d be able to hold it. She asked Cassie a question that came to her

“Are you sure there’s no caffeine in these?”

“Yeah, sorry, am I too excitable? I-I’m sorry. I’ll be quiet.”

“No, I’m just not used to you like this.”

“This is me, I was always in trouble at school for talking. At least for a little while. But…should I have not shared that?”

“It’s fine Cassie. Share with me what you want me to take away from your experience. It’s like selling, tell me what you want me to know. So you had fun peeing with Karenna?” Mary-Ann rubbed her thighs a bit. Her brain didn’t like the use of the word pee.

“No! It was just a different experience. And it was fun. I think you were right about me and Karenna. I think we have more in common than we thought at first.”

“Good. I’m glad to hear it. You might want to give her a call. Just to hang out. She’d be able to introduce you to some good people I’m sure.”

“I’ll think about it. Speaking of peeing together though. I could use one. Can we stop at some point?” Cassie took out her phone

“No problem. If it’s bad enough, there are those woods off to the side again. Its ok with me.”

“Says there’s a rest area like ten miles from here.” She looked over at the speedometer “That’s five minutes. The woods are after the exit.”

“Cassie, you don’t really want to use these rest rooms, unless you have to. Trust me.”

“Oh, I’m sure they’re not that bad. Plus, I didn’t get to go this morning either, so I’ve been needing to go for a while now.”

“Fine. Your call.”

Mary-Ann decided to let Cassie come to her own conclusion. It would be slightly tortuous for Mary-Ann to sit there for the few minutes it would take for Cassie to find out what Mary-Ann already knew. But it was an exercise in leadership for Mary-Ann. To let those under her make a mistake and learn. And this one would be minor. But Mary-Ann still had to pee, and the time lost to sitting in a parking lot wouldn’t help matters.

As they approached the off-ramp to get to the rest area, Cassie’s leg bouncing had become more pronounced. To Mary-Ann, it was a sign that Cassie had to have been holding back quite a lot. Or she was more willing to be expressive around Mary-Ann. Either way, it was clear that they both had to pee. And there would be no respite for Mary-Ann here. She pulled into the parking space. The rest area was nearly empty, save for a few trucks.

“Thanks for stopping. You coming with?”

“No. I have to pee, but there is no way I’m going here.”

“Oh c’mon, it can’t be that bad.”

Mary-Ann shrugged. Cassie looked confused as she exited the car. Mary-Ann sighed. She didn’t like the idea of having to wait with a filling bladder. She watched as Cassie, in her very short skirt, hopped up the concrete sidewalk and made her way to the women’s restroom. Mary-Ann checked her car, and remembered she had a towel with her, just in case. This was the perfect situation. She reached behind her, and grabbed the beach towel from her backseat. Ever since her bill after accidently peeing on the seat, she never wanted to risk it again. She unbuckled her seatbelt. Reaching under herself, she slid her blue leggings down to her knees, along with her panties, and placed the towel on the seat below her. Her exposed genitals touched the bristled fabric of the towel. Mary-Ann was sure she looked put together and normal from the outside. But no one knew what she was about to do.

At first it was just a jet. A quick, short burst of pee that shot out of her. It wet the towel, turning the assorted colors a similar dark shade. Then nothing. Mary-Ann relaxed more. A second, longer burst. But it too stopped. Mary-Ann exhaled, and fully let herself go. Almost in a meditative state, she tried to drop her inhibitions. Just a trickle, then a small ark. In a few seconds, Mary-Ann was peeing freely in her car. It was a clear color, an effect of her water and hot chocolate. She looked to her left, A man was walking towards the snack machines. He must have seen her in her car, he smiled. She smiled back. He had no idea she was peeing. Mary-Ann folded her arms, leaned back in her chair, and sighed. She was relaxed, and enjoying the feeling of her deflating bladder. A puddle was forming around her and it wet her thighs and butt as it seeped backwards and soaked the towel.

Cassie made her way into the women’s rest room. There was no line, but the smell was the first thing that hit her. It was the worst stench she had ever encountered. She heard squeaking. It might be rodents. Stepping inside, she stood in place. Crossing one leg over the other, she started to weigh her options. There was almost no light, the only stall with any sort of light was illuminated by a small window. The one functional sink dripped. There was graffiti everywhere. As Cassie stepped closer to the stall, the repugnant smell tried to drive her away. But she wanted to push through. Something brushed her leg. It was a mouse. Or a rat. Whatever it was, Cassie decided to hold it instead.

Mary-Ann was at ease. She didn’t have to worry about holding it for an hour or so. She didn’t have to worry about traffic slowing them down. She had taken care of her need, and discreetly. She picked up the towel, it was heavy where she had soiled it. She folded it, and set it on the seat behind her. As she got her panties and leggings back up, she saw Cassie nearing the car. She had almost gotten caught. Unlocking the doors, she let the girl in.

“Well, you were right. I’ll hold it.”

“I’m sorry. I tried to warn you.”

“Yeah, but. I couldn’t imagine that!”

Mary-Ann was quiet. There wasn’t much to add. But Cassie spoke anyway as Mary-Ann started to drive away.

“Do you mind if we pull over so I can squat soon? It’s getting kind of bad. You said you needed to go too right?”

“No problem. But I don’t feel like I have to anymore.” Mary-Ann nearly chucked, feeling sneaky as she said “I also have a towel.” She didn’t think Cassie would actually take it

“Oh! Do you mind?”

“I um…no…I-I guess I don’t.”

“Thanks!” Cassie smiled at her boss as she grabbed it from behind Mary-Ann’s seat.

“Why-why is this wet?”

“I-I” Mary-Ann was embarrassed. But there was no getting out of it “I said I don’t have to pee anymore…”

“I’ll say! Lord, Mary-Ann, this is soaked!” Cassie unfurled the towel in front of her

“Sorry! I had to pee!” Mary-Ann squealed more than spoke. She was mortified

“Here we are.” Cassie found a dry area.

Placing part of the towel under her, Cassie balled the rest up in front of her. She looked like she was about to go, but Mary-Ann noticed she hadn’t made an effort to adjust her outfit.

“Cassie, your-“

There was a low hiss that came from Cassie’s body as she started to use the same towel. She turned to Mary-Ann

“No panties. It’s fine.”

Mary-Ann nodded. For a few seconds, the two of them listened to Cassie peeing. It was obvious. The hissing was loud as she applied more pressure. Cassie was reminded of a story.

“Oh! So this reminds me of that pee story I had with Sarah.”

“Do tell” Mary-Ann was up for some dirt on her rival.

“So we were riding in her car. I forget why exactly, probably because I had to piss like a fucking racehorse. She would never let us go unless there was a toilet around.” Cassie shifted, the hiss turned into more of a squelch as the angle of her pee-hole changed. “So I was crossing my legs, trying to be discrete. She almost fired someone once because they had grabbed themselves trying to hold it because of her stupid rule!” Cassie was still peeing. It was a lot, she sighed “So I was running out of options. And Sarah would never pull over, I don’t think that woman even has a bladder. At least she was distracted on the phone.” Cassie’s stream was dying down “So I took a cup, and I couldn’t dump out any of the drink or anything, and I pulled my panties over. Sarah forced us to wear them. But she was so busy yelling at whoever was on the phone, she had no idea I was peeing into her drink.”

“Her drink?”

“It was that or wet myself!” Cassie stopped peeing

“So what happened?”

“She never found out. At least I don’t think.”

Mary-Ann found the story slightly amusing, though it would have been better if Sarah had tried some. It served her right for treating her employees and friends that way.

“So just on that, you’re like a million times better than she is.” Cassie folded up the towel and put it behind her seat

“You like me because I don’t care if you wear panties and I let you pee if you need to?”

“It goes a long way. I least I know you care about my wellbeing!”

Mary-Ann nodded “Thanks Cassie. I do.”

Cassie smiled back. Turning over towards the window, she watched the trees go by. There wasn’t much on this highway, but it was enough to lull her into a trance. Sarah had kept her in line with fear, Mary-Ann with respect. Cassie smiled as she nodded off. She was free.

Cassie had been sound asleep for nearly four hours. She was the heaviest sleeper Mary-Ann had ever been around. It was as if Mary-Ann wasn’t even playing Steven Warner’s podcast, Cassie was still soundly asleep. She even snored lightly. It was amusing, or it would have been if Mary-Ann didn’t have a full bladder. Sharp pains stuck into her abdomen like pins. She had to pee again. With their stop at a gas station earlier that morning, there wasn’t a reason for them to stop again, and her bladder was agonizing over the decision. It sent a desperate shock through her body.

Mary-Ann clenched, but clenching herself was becoming ineffective. She couldn’t cross her legs, she had to drive. She rubbed her belly, just where her full bladder rested. She winced. It hurt, and it hurt bad. It had filled gently, Mary-Ann hadn’t really noticed it for a while. But there was no ignoring it now. She sucked air in through her teeth, and wiggled her legs. Squirming, her SUV swerved with her. Someone honked. Swinging the car back into its lane, Mary-Ann held on. She moved her hand to her crotch, it helped a little.

Mary-Ann messaged herself through the crotch of her leggings, trying to stymie the urge. She survived just a little longer. Another contraction, a wave shot her urine to the front of her privates. She held on, but was sure she would not for much longer. There were fields on either sides of her. A farm silo. Fences. Nothing but open area and many cars with drivers that could see her. Hitting the navigation button on her steering wheel, she asked her car

“Find nearest rest area.”

“The closest rest area is thirty-five miles. You are on the fastest route, you sh-“

She shut it off. She wouldn’t make it that far. If she was by herself or with Karenna, she’d probably have just went where she sat. But she wouldn’t in front of Cassie. At least, not on purpose. She tried her navigation again

“Nearest exit.”

“The closest exit is seven miles. You are on the fastest route, you should reach your destination by 10:53 AM”

That was doable. But they were still in farm country. There was no guarantee that there would be a place to stop, it could just be a waste of desperate Mary-Ann’s time. She narrowed her search

“Find nearest Restaurant.”

“The nearest restaurant is Fat Joe’s Clam and Ham Shack in 78 miles. You are on t-“

“Shut up!” Mary-Ann yelled at her car as her desperate situation became clearer.

She thought of the towel. It was a last ditch effort, but her only real option at this point. She made her way to the slow lane and attempted to turn around. It hurt to do so. She reached for the towel behind Cassie’s seat. Missed. She reached harder, and the strain began forcing her to leak into her panties. Mary-Ann only noticed her now damp panties as she resumed her post in the drivers seat. Unbuckling the seatbelt, Mary-Ann hoped the ringing of the warning system would wake the slumbering Cassie. No luck. Mary-Ann couldn’t reach the towel. She felt guilty, but if she wanted to stay dry, she could only think of one thing. She shook Cassie

“Cassie…Cassie, wake up.”

No response. Mary-Ann turned up the podcast, it was now blaring through the speakers.

“Cassie, please. Wake up” The warning system for her seatbelt still rang out

Cassie stirred. She was kind of awake, enough to receive information.

“Cassie wake up!”

“Wha-why?”

“Cassie, I’m sorry. I have to pee. Really, really badly.”

“You woke me for that?”

“I can’t reach the towel. Cassie please, I really need to go.”

“Ugh” Cassie rubbed her eyes

Reaching behind her, Cassie grabbed the still damp towel. It hadn’t dried since the two women had used it last. Mary-Ann attempted to drive, wiggle out of her leggings and hold herself. It didn’t work. They hit the rumble stripes. As Cassie faced forward again she mentioned

“Maybe pull over, so we don’t die.”

“Towel. I can’t do it myself. Please.” Mary-Ann did pull over. Cassie put on the hazard lights

As Mary-Ann was able to get her pants down off her well-toned ass, she stood slightly, her bare butt hovering above her seat. Cassie reached over and put the folded towel below her boss’s exposed backside. Before she could move her hand away, a thick, wide stream of clear piss flew straight out of Mary-Ann. In an instant, Cassie’s hand was splattered with the raging flow of her boss’s urine.

“Woah! Mary-Ann, give me a second!”

“I’m so sorry Cas! I can’t hold it anymore. I had to pee so bad!”

Pulling her hand away, Cassie wiped it on her skirt “It’s cool Mary-Ann. Its only pee, you know? When you gotta go, you gotta go.”

Mary-Ann only responded with a loud sigh. It was almost loud enough to drown out the rushing sound of the torrent of liquid that was escaping her. It was splattering the back of her seat and quickly drenched the towel. A puddle formed from the excess urine that could not be soaked into the towel.

“Man, that’s a lot of pee.”

“fffahhh…I was waiting for an hour…finally.”

“You weren’t kidding, Jeez.”

Cassie watched as the stream from Mary-Ann stayed strong. It sounded like there was a small river inside the car, and Cassie watched the entire show. As Mary-Ann pushed, her stream became even stronger. Then it stopped. Then it started again, this time weaker. But it continued to pour out of her in a rhythmic flow. She was not stopping. With one final contraction, Mary-Ann’s stream regained its strength and pushed out what remined inside her. She sighed. Relieved. As Mary-Ann reached down to pull her leggings back up, Cassie reached back under her, taking the towel back. It was warm, and Cassie felt like she was carrying a hot pizza box. She could feel the warm pee nearly soaking the bottom of the folded towel. She put it back behind her seat.

“You didn’t have to do that Cas. I’m good now.” Mary-Ann covered herself again. Any excess drips went into her panties

“I told you, it doesn’t bother me. That was a lot, you sure you’re good?”

“Fine. I guess you’ve got another story to tell now though.”

Cassie smiled. “Let’s just hope neither one of us needs to use it again. I don’t think it can take anymore.”

Mary-Ann nodded, embarrassed. But not as much as she would have been if Cassie had reacted poorly. Now awake, the two chatted off and on for the rest of the drive, Cassie’s respect for Mary-Ann had grown slightly, her boss wasn’t afraid to be human.

The hotel that Donovan had recommended was nothing like the one Karenna and Mary-Ann had stayed in. While it didn’t look bad on the outside, the inside was cheap. There was one twin bed next to the bathroom, and a couch by the window. How a couch even fit in the tiny room as beyond either Cassie or Mary-Ann, but at least it gave them some room. The toilet had a smell to it, and not a pleasant one. When Mary-Ann called to complain, the front desk said there was a sewage back up, and that the plumber would be in that evening to fix it. It was for the second floor only. Their floor. When Mary-Ann relayed the news to Cassie, she sighed. For the last leg of their trip, she had been waiting. With the towel out of commission and the suburban town around them, squatting or using said towel was not an option. Now the toilet wasn’t either. Cassie had an idea.

“If its okay with you, I’m going to wash the towel out. I saw a laundry room on the way in.”

Mary-Ann thanked her as she finished unpacking her small backpack. She hadn’t packed much.

Cassie made her way to the old elevator, her bladder asking her for relief. It wasn’t as bad as this morning, but she could feel it. She wouldn’t be able to make it if she waited for the plumber though, she knew that much. She made her way through the lobby, her boots making her movement obvious. Venturing into the parking lot, she stopped by Mary-Ann’s SUV. Cassie bent down to one knee and pretended to tie her thigh high boots. She played with the laces as she relaxed.

Without panties, her stream rushed out, unimpeded by any sort of cloth. It splashed and sprayed the asphalt below her. A puddle quickly formed, spreading around her as her piss bubbled and foamed, wetting the bottom of her boots. It soaked her knee as she peed, but to find relief before she got into trouble was the best part. As her stream slowed and the sound of her hissing body disappeared, she stood. Grabbing the towel from the backseat, she finished her pee as she stood. The towel was still soaked, there was no way it could hold any more liquid. She dried her pussy with it and walked back inside, no one aware of her act. She paid for the washing machine, and threw in the well-used towel. Then she read the sign

Dryer out of order

She grabbed two hotel towels. The hotel charged her for a machine they didn’t even have working. Cassie felt justified in taking it, but figured Mary-Ann would pitch a fit if she knew Cassie had taken them without asking. While Mary-Ann’s towel washed, she put the hotel ones back into the SUV. She had rendered Mary-Ann’s towel useless without a dryer. The least she could do was replace it. When she got back to the room she explained the situation to Mary-Ann. Cassie claimed that they gave her the towels as an apology, which satisfied her boss. The two decided to check out the town. Mary-Ann wouldn’t be speaking until tomorrow.

It was a small, Podunk town. There was a shopping center that was mostly larger chain stores, but some of the smaller shops had small trinkets and things. Mary-Ann got something small for Tyler. Just so he’d know she was thinking of him. Cassie didn’t buy anything, but the two enjoyed lunch. Both of them made sure to use the bathroom at the shopping center, it was hard not knowing when they’d have a functional bathroom at their hotel again. Even with all of their shopping and lunch, there was time to kill before their evening with Donovan.

The text from Donovan couldn’t have come any sooner. The two women were absolutely board, and an evening dinner would at least be something for them to do. Unfortunately for them, it was a mediocre meal at a chain restaurant. At least it was Italian food, Mary-Ann’s favorite. But salt- the main ingredient in everything she had, was not. Water after water followed her wine, and Cassie did the same. The conversation was dull, but at least it was a pleasant. Donovan might be a luddite, but he was a gentleman, in every sense of the word. It was dark when the women made it back to their hotel room. At least the lights still worked. Mary-Ann checked the toilet. It still didn’t work.

“Hey, Mary-Ann, the T.V's busted!”

Of course it is.

“That’s fine. We can talk like normal people then.” Mary-Ann exited the bathroom and walked over to the couch with Cassie

“No luck on the toilet?”

“Nope.” Mary-Ann’s mind had an idea of what she and Karenna would do in this situation. Her mind could help but wonder to the same situation with Tyler. She wanted that one

“We’ll go to sleep early then. You can only pee the bed if you’re drunk you know.”

“I-I don’t think that’s true.”

“Sure it is. I’ve only ever peed in my sleep when I’ve had too much to drink. Speaking of which.”

Cassie reached inside her boot and pulled out a small silver flask.

“Rum. It’s good stuff. Want any?”

“I’ll pass. Thanks.” Mary-Ann was worried enough about the water and wine she had already had

“Your loss.” Cassie took a swig

“So is this the real Cassie? The one I’m talking to right now?”

“I’ve always been me.”

“I thought you were a tough girl?”

“I…well…no, I guess not.”

“So you were living a bit of a lie when you first got to work then.”

“I guess so.”

“The reason I ask is because when you complemented me in the car, you said I was a ‘real’ person.”

“Yeah, when I talk to you, I get you. Not what you think I want you to be.”

“Do I get the same thing when I talk to Cassie?”

“Sure.”

Mary-Ann raised an eyebrow. Cassie stared back, daring Mary-Ann to press. Mary-Ann was a brave woman, not afraid to attack or embrace emotions. She accepted Cassie’s challenge

“So you were lying to me then, or you’re lying to me now.”

“Then. I was lying to you then.”

“So you were being a ‘fake’ person.”

“No! I mean yes. I mean…” Cassie finished her flask “I don’t want to talk about it.”

“When I talked to Karenna yesterday, she said it always seemed like you wanted to say something but never did.”

Cassie nodded. Karenna was right. But Mary-Ann was her boss, and Cassie was afraid of her own emotions. There was silence

“It’s just…” Cassie sighed. “I don’t know what I want.”

“I think you do.”

Mary-Ann had pulled the lynchpin. Cassie started to open. To verbalize what she had refused to so many times

“I want to be like you. I mean, I’m supposed to be like you.”

“Supposed to?”

“My dad is a lawyer. Class action. My mom’s in pharmaceuticals. I grew up with everything. Three story home, a dog because I wanted one, private school. Mary-Ann, my first car cost thirty grand, and I didn’t have to pay a dime for it.”

“You think I had it easy then?”

“No! I don’t know your past. But my point is, we’re nearly the same age and I should be where you are.”

More than annoyed, Mary-Ann calmly replied “I grew up on a farm. I went to public school. My first car was a pickup truck from the 70s that I had to save for. I am where I am because of me and how I live.”

“FUCK! I fucking…AH!” Cassie stood up, mad at herself more than anything. “I’m a FUCKING LOSER OK? I wanted to be the cool kid, and everyone around me was so caught up in bullshit, that public school kids were always my friends. I drank with them when I was 15, smoked with them when I was I was 16, and fucked one of them when I was 18. All I wanted was something real. You know what was real? The kids who drank, the kids who didn’t have it all. They had no time to be fake. I wanted to be them!” Cassie wanted to cry. She denied herself. She also kind of had to pee.

Mary-Ann was quiet. Cassie was finally opening up. Her work was done. Cassie looked out the window, she talked to it more than Mary-Ann.

“No one gives a fuck about your grades when daddy can just buy you what you want. Except law schools. I should have cared. Been one of those nepotism kids. That’s what everyone else did. But I wanted to be real. Like my ‘real’ friends. My parents are nice people. They had one kid. And I fucked up…I-I fucked up. God DAMN it!”

Cassie turned around, her lips quivering. She looked at nothing in particular. She refused to cry. But the want and desire was there.

“Then those real friends leave you. After you told your parents to go fuck themselves. They bought you a car. A free trip to college. Anything you asked for growing up. But you leave them for your ‘real’ friends. Who also leave you because you’re too ‘wild’.”

Cassie put her head in her hands. She wasn’t going to cry.

“Next thing you know, you’ve got a nose ring.” She flipped up her skirt, showing herself to Mary-Ann “and a pierced pussy, and the only thing that seems real is the guy you’re trying to fuck at a bar. FUCK!”

Cassie wondered back over to the couch and sat in front of the cushion. But she was on the floor. Mary-Ann put her hand on the girls shoulder. Cassie looked up at her, her eyes glossy

“I-I’m not worth your time. I understand if you don’t want me around.”

“What? Cassie, c’mon. You’ve produced well. We’ve made it past your little roadblock. Ask anyone, we’re happy to have you on the team.”

There was quiet. Cassie wanted to doubt Mary-Ann. But her voice was so sincere, Cassie was confused. She could feel her bladder. That was real. That much she knew. She looked at the floor. Then up at her boss. She spoke her mind. All of it this time.

“Dad would be proud of me if I were you.”

“Well…I don’t know your parents. But I tell you what Cassie. If you're honest with me. If you do your best with us. I’d be proud of you.”

Cassie looked away, the waterworks had started. She shook trying as hard as she could to stop the salty tears in her eyes. She wiped them off. There were no more. She stood and took a deep breath

“Thank you. But you're my boss, not my therapist. I-I want to go to bed and end this conversation. And also forget that I kind of have to pee. T-thank-thank you.” Cassie walked over to the bed and started to prepare for sleep

Mary-Ann nodded. Cassie was indeed wildly emotional. Dissatisfied with herself that she couldn’t get the girl to open up to her more, Mary-Ann sat and contemplated the kinds of questions she asked. Could she have been more forceful? Was it even her place? She shifted slightly, her own bladder starting to feel her water and wine. Cassie flicked off the light, leaving the small room mostly dark.

“Good night Mary-Ann. Don’t think I’m ungrateful…I just-“

“I understand Cas. I appreciate you letting me in a little bit.”

Mary-Ann couldn’t see it, but Cassie smiled. Mary-Ann stayed on the couch for a little while longer, replaying her words and the conversation in mind. She didn’t want to press to much harder, and in the end, it was probably for the best that she let Cassie be for a while. In a way, she pitied the girl. But Cassie was right about one thing. Mary-Ann better get to bed before her desperation kicked in. There was nowhere to pee.

Hours had passed. The room was pitch black. As dark as the midnight that surrounded the cheap hotel. Both of the girls had lulled themselves to sleep, but the same problem had struck both of them. They were both bursting to pee. Filled with water, wine, and in Cassie’s case, booze. Mary-Ann’s bladder was still strong. Sleep had slowed her bodies processes and the extra boost allowed it to hang on tight to the excessive floodwaters inside her. It would do anything to please its master. 

Cassie’s bladder on the other hand had an opportunity. Her body had endured a decade of abuse from the young girl. What was often an excess of alcohol or degrading sex acts, her entire body wanted to rebel against the reckless woman. Cassie normally wouldn’t mind peeing in front of Mary-Ann, she had before, but wetting the same bed her boss was sleeping in? That would mortify anyone, especially in front of someone she was trying to impress. There wasn’t much that would embarrass Cassie anymore. Except maybe this.

The room was still pitch black. Still as dark as the midnight that surrounded the cheap hotel. But between the two sleeping women, an unmistakable hiss could be heard. There was no other sound to drown it out. No chattering voices, no loud heaters. There was a nearly quiet room. But Cassie had a steady stream of piss leaking out of her. For everything she had done to herself. For all the times she took her body for granted, this was payback. The sheets suffered first. They were white, but they quickly darkened under her. First the puddle expanded upward, it wet the short skirt she was so fond of. But there was more pee inside Cassie. A lot more. And she was only in a twin bed, hardly enough room for the two of them.

The puddle then expanded downward, flowing straight from its source. Cassie’s pierced pussy had no problem letting her piss pass though. The puddle reached past her thighs, creating an unmistakable stain between them. As more and more pee flowed from the unknowing Cassie, the puddle expanded outward. As it did, the vengeful nature of Cassie’s bladder rushed towards the resting Mary-Ann. She was on her side, completely unaware of the accident Cassie was currently having, or the puddle that was about to reach her. First it made contact with her thigh. Her skin reacted to the warm liquid. Then, as more of Cassie’s piss collected, it moved upward, towards Mary-Ann’s salmon colored shorts.

Mary-Ann’s body was familiar with the sensation of warm urine on skin. But this was foreign. Someone else must have been having an accident all over her leg. Having a full bladder and knowing that another body must have been mortified, Mary-Ann’s own bladder relaxed. It knew its master would have wanted it to do so.

As Mary-Ann slept on her side, her leg coated in Cassie’s piss, a new streak, then two suddenly appeared. Mary-Ann was peeing her shorts. It wasn’t the first time that these shorts had been overfilled by a full bladder, but it was the first time their filling was unintentional. The sleeping Mary-Ann had a smile cross her face. She was wrapped in a warm coating. Awake or asleep, it was a pleasant sensation.

The nearly quiet room now had the distinct sound of its two occupants pissing themselves unknowingly. As the monster-sized puddle continued to grow, some dripped off of the side below Mary-Ann, her shorts were soaked both inside and out. Cassie had finished, her bladder had taken its revenge. Mary-Ann was still going. A lake formed between the two as their puddles of piss combined. As Mary-Ann finished, she rolled onto her back, her shirt now soaking in it. Her kidney’s resumed their processing, her body now relieved.

Cassie’s mouth was dry. Was she sick? She felt clammy. Cold. Damp. Had she been sweating? She looked out the window. The sun was starting to rise. She smacked her lips. She didn’t feel ill. What was that feeling. She turned. Her hand was submerged in a freezing cold liquid. What spilled? Her flask? It couldn’t have. The possibilities ran through her mind. No. No. No. Please don't tell me. No. No. She couldn't deny it. She knew it. She had to check. It was real. She had pissed her bed.

“Fuck! Shit! God Damn it! No! Aw, fuck!”

Cassie writhed around in the cold pool of piss that occupied much of the bed. She kicked the covers off, as she did, the sheets spilled some of the excess piss they had collected out. Cassie cursed again and again, but as Mary-Ann stirred and awoke, Cassie’s fear struck her.

“Mhmf…Cassie, what’s the matter?”

“I-I…I pissed the fucking bed, that’s the matter. Fuck!”

Mary-Ann could feel herself. Her shirt, soaked, her shorts, soaked. Her shorts were wet inside too. There was only one explanation for that. Mary-Ann watched Cassie pace, her bladder felt like a rock, heavy inside her.

“I-I-I’m so sorry. See, I’m completely incompetent! I can’t-I can’t do this. I just pissed all over my boss. Damn it! I can’t believe-I…Mary-Ann…I’m sorry…this never happens, I…”

Cassie was no longer forming complete sentences, she had gotten herself completely worked up. She was angry, embarrassed, and scared.

Mary-Ann was slightly enjoying the experience. Not Cassie’s discomfort, but the fact that Mary-Ann herself was partly to blame for this. The sheets were soaked through, that much was clear. Mary-Ann was a little disappointed that she was asleep for the experience though. And to top it off, Cassie’s whining was putting a damper on it. She tried to calm her down.

“Cassie, its fine-“

“No its not! This has never happened before. Damn hotel, fucking cheap…Ah!” Cassie was pacing, her fists balled.

“Cassie, calm down”

“I can’t. You’re the one person who might actually give me a second chance and I just pissed all over you. I hate myself. Fuck!”

Cassie was inconsolable. Mary-Ann needed something to get her attention, get her mind off of whatever she had worked herself into. Her bladder reminded her it was full. Smiling, Mary-Ann knew how to take care of two birds with one stone. But unlike with Karenna, Mary-Ann knew she had to be stern and authoritative to pull this off.

“The one time I have something positive for myself and I fuck it up. Damn it! I-“ It was quick, but Cassie could swear she heard something. It was like something spilled

Then she heard it again. Water. Or her flask, she looked down. It wasn’t flask. It was coming from the bed, dripping on the floor. Mary-Ann's leg. It couldn’t be. Could it?

“Uh…Mary-Ann you’re, you’re”

Mary-Ann looked her dead in the eye “I’m what?”

“You’re pissing. What…what the fuck?”

“Yeah, you took too long bitching and complaining. I had no other choice.”

Cassie’s eyes darted between her boss’s pee stream, which was soaking the bed and the floor, and her boss’s eyes. They were fierce.

“Bu-but why?”

“If it helps you sleep at night, I guess you can blame the wet bed on me. But there is a lesson for you here.”

“Wha-what? What lesson? Pee yourself if you want to make a point?”

“No. You said you wanted to be like me, here’s something you’ll have to learn. All that whining you just did, made no difference.” Mary-Ann tried to contain her sigh of relief. The fact that she was wetting the bed and the floor simultaneously with the way she was sitting was nearly orgasmic. She continued her lesson. “The five minutes you took to bitch and moan could have been used to find a solution like I did.”

“Solution, what solution?”

“I had to pee. Bed was already wet. Problem, solution.”

“I-I…” Mary-Ann’s logic made sense to Cassie. But she still couldn’t believe what she was seeing and hearing

“So when you got up, you should have looked for a solution first. Instead of whining. That will never solve an issue. Action will. You know what action you should take?”

“A shower?”

“Good. So why haven’t you done it?” Mary-Ann was finally done wetting her pants

“Well…I”

“Get to it.”

“Right away.”

As Cassie left for the bathroom, Mary-Ann swung her leg back over the bed, now marinating in the collective pool of piss. She grabbed her phone, and instantly searched for a protective mattress cover for home. She had found a new way to enjoy herself.

Mary-Ann heard the shower turn off. Cassie had finished. She came out of the bathroom in short order, still wearing the same clothes. She had no other option, despite the fact that the back of her shirt was still covered in pee. She turned the corner, looking at her boss, still in bed.

“Showers ready. I’m sorry for losing it.”

“It happens. I get it. It can be traumatizing.” Mary-Ann remembered her own accident at work. “But did you learn anything from it?”

“Action is the best medicine?”

“I couldn’t have said it better myself. And here’s another lesson for you. In about three hours from now, I’ll be speaking on stage. No one is going to know that I just peed my pants or that we wet the bed. We can put our heads down and move on with it. Frankly, I don’t care that it happened, do you?”

“No, I guess not.”

“Like you said, its just pee, if your cool, it’s cool, right?”

Cassie smiled, Mary-Ann smiled back and walked into the bathroom. She turned the shower on and hopped in, her clothes still on. Standing just outside the reach of the water, she pushed a tiny bit of pee out. She had an excuse to do it, and she was going to take it. She started her shower with her clothes on. They were covered in a mix of her pee and Cassie’s, and there was no point in stuffing them into her backpack like that.

##########################################################################################*****************************************************************************************************************

##########################################################################################

Mary-Ann’s talk went well. Cassie had forgotten her notebook and just listened. Some of it she didn’t understand yet, but she knew she had a good teacher. Mary-Ann commanded the stage, her grey suit swooshing as she walked back and forth. Cassie wasn’t sure if Mary-Ann was proud of her, but she was proud that Mary-Ann was her boss. She met up with her at the end of her talk.

They met Donovan at the door and thanked him for having them and for dinner. He was his usual kind self. An honorable man, he thanked Mary-Ann for coming last minute.

It was a pleasant day for a drive, sunny, and slightly cold for the season. Mary-Ann put one of the two towels Cassie had ‘borrowed’ from the hotel behind her seat. She sat on the other one, knowing she might need it. She hadn’t gotten a chance to go after being on stage after all. The two filled up at a gas station, with gas station coffee and a water for Mary-Ann, and gas for the SUV. The two women chatted about small things. But Cassie still wanted to thank Mary-Ann as they got on the highway.

“You know, your totally right.”

“About what?”

“I bitch and moan too much. Spend too much time worrying about things I can’t change. You knoe, that kind of makes me a bitch. I can be better. I know I can.”

“Good. I’m glad to have shared another learning experience with you. I was thinking about what you said last night though. Could it be that you just need a new circle of friends?”

“Maybe. Why, are you offering? Don’t think you’re crazy enough for me, no offence.”

“I was thinking you might actually want to call Karenna. She’s got a nice little group of friends. I will take offence though. I peed my pants in front of you, and I’m not crazy enough?”

“You were just trying to prove a point. And I took the point well. But I mean, its not like you’d do it again.”

“You’d put money on that?”

Cassie reached into her small purse and grabbed her wallet. She produced a bill.

“100 bucks says you won’t.”

Mary-Ann had needed to pee anyway. She was going to wait until the hit a rest stop, but Cassie was dangling an opportunity to wet and get paid for it in front of her. She relaxed her bladder a bit. She wanted to give Cassie a chance to back out. She’d stay dry if the girl decided to back down.

“First rule of business Cassie is to never spend unless your sure of an ROI.”

“Yeah, I know, it’s an easy 100 from you. No way you’d do it again. You’re cool. But not that wild.”

With that, Mary-Ann relaxed. Her panties were flooded by a stream of urine as it made its way from her snatch and into her pants. She didn’t say a word to Cassie. She just smiled coyly to herself and focused on the road ahead. It was pleasant, to keep her eyes on the road and to feel relief at the same time. She stole a look at her pants as she peed them. From the crotch of her formerly grey dress pants to halfway down her thigh, there was an obvious stain. She smiled at it. Mary-Ann had won the bet. She looked over at Cassie, who was staring out the window. The girl saw Mary-Ann smiling at her.

“What? Oh, knock it off, I know you’re not going to do it.”

Mary-Ann looked back out the windscreen, smile still on her face. Cassie was losing the bet as Mary-Ann finished peeing her dress pants. It was warm.

Hours had passed, and Mary-Ann’s pants were still slightly warm. She had stopped bothering to hold it, and instead opted to have fun. Sometimes she’d pretend to point something out to Cassie, and while the girl tried to look outside for it, she’d let herself go into her pants. Or she’d pretend that she was on a desperate car ride, and without a bathroom in sight. She hold herself and let go, feeling the warmth cover her hand. But she had a little bit left as they came to another rest stop, this time Cassie asked if they could stop. Mary-Ann pulled the SUV into the parking spot.

“You coming with?”

“Hmm…” Mary-Ann released her bladder again, her pants warming “No…I don’t think. Nah, I don’t need the bathroom.”

“Suit yourself.” Cassie had no idea how many times over she had lost her bet.

The rest of the drive home was uneventful, Mary-Ann held it sometimes, and just relaxed and leaked other times. She was having her own fun, and on Cassie’s dime. This time, Cassie gave her a new address. As they pulled up to a rundown apartment, Cassie thanked Mary-Ann again.

“Promise me you’ll look for new people? And maybe give Kar a call?”

“If you think it'll help. I’ll do it.”

Cassie jumped out of the car. Mary-Ann climbed out too, ready to prove that she had won the bet

“Woah, woah, woah. Where’s my 100 bucks?” Mary-Ann curled her fingers rapidly, expecting cash

“I mean, you didn’t do it.”

“No?”

Mary-Ann turned around. Her butt was completely soaked. Even in the setting sun, her wetting was obvious. Her grey slacks had turned nearly black with amount of times she had let go in them.

“Holy! You actually did it! Oh my God!”

Cassie was laughing. In total disbelief. She couldn’t believe what her boss had done. She and Mary-Ann laughed together, growing that much closer. Cassie was happy to give her the money.

“I can’t believe you!”

“And I did it like right after the bet too, you didn’t have a chance!”

Cassie laughed, she had a cool boss, one she was proud to serve.

“Now promise me you’ll make some more reliable friends?”

“After what you just did, anything for you!”

The two laughed again as they amicably parted. Climbing the stairs to her apartment door, Cassie scrolled through her damaged phone. Riding on the high of the crazy bet, she did what Mary-Ann asked. She had never bothered to save Karenna’s number before, but after adding it to her contacts, she gave Karenna a ring.

*102*2021-12-06 15:12

{{1 hour ago, PeeHour said:

Wow, amazing scene! One of my favorites so far. The writing was top notch. Excellent description of the dual bedwetting scene. I like that we learned more about Cassie; she is definitely a great addition to the story now. I still like Mary-Ann's and Karenna's chemistry better, but you proved that Cassia and Mary-Ann can also have a lot of compelling fun together as well!

I felt spoiled with all the Mary-Ann wetting! I loved all the 'games' she played with herself on the car ride. And the clothed shower, although brief, definitely scratched another one of my itches. (Plus I see you took the advice about paragraph spacing / breaks between scenes, I laughed at the ###'s and ****'s lol)

Due to the consistent quality of this story and the scenes and relationships, I can say this is my favorite running story on the site! Super looking forward to the girl's trip in part 5!

}}

I kind of like the pairing of Cassie and Mary-Ann, but I totally get what you’re saying about her and Karenna. Probably because its more of a game and I can have a better time with the dialogue. Though the bet at the end was really a fun addition I think.

I wish I had gone into more detail with the car ride wettings, but the story was so long at that point, that I decided to rush it a little.

Glad the wet look worked for you, its not really my thing, but I get it, And it didn’t seem to far fetched that Mary-Ann would do it. And the # and * thing was a bit of a glitch lol, I thought it’d be cool if it was stylized with one set of hashtags on top, then asterisks, then hashtags again, but it doubled. Oops lol.

Thanks for your kind words as always PeeHour! As you know, I love your stories too!

After 5.1, the entirety of chapter 5 is just Mary-Ann/Karenna and lots and lots and lots of intentional wetting! And one returning character who may join in on the fun!

