Mina's Mishap

Author: Kreed

*000*2023-06-08 12:33

Note: spent a good while on this one, constantly re-writing it and the sort. I think it's ready to see the light of day now. Do keep in mind that last I saw mha was around season 3 and my memory's a little foggy, so apologies if there are any discrepancies with the characters. They're 18 and older here, if you're wondering. Leave some feedback if you can - it would be highly appreciated. Thank you for your time.

###

"Oooo, I really need to go, Momo!" came a moan from behind.

"Go? What do you mean 'go'?" asked a confused Yaoyorozu, glancing at the pink girl crossing her legs in the rear view mirror before focusing back on the road.

"I need to pee! Like, really bad." said Mina, still squirming and chuckling a little. She wore skintight blue jeans and a black tanktop along with some sneakers.

Momo was surprised.

"Didn't you go at that rest stop an hour ago like the rest of us?" She asked.

"I diiid!" The squirming girl pouted.

"And you have to go again??"

"Well yeah... But we all had those slushies!"

"And you insisted on getting the extra large one for yourself." Yoayorozu raised her eyebrows, looking at Mina in the mirror.

"Um, well uhh... woops! Hehe"

"Well either way, we just got on the highway and we'll be here for a little while. Do you think you can hold it?"

"I don't knowww" Mina whined "How long till we get to the campsite?"

"I think it's like 30 minutes." Jirou said, sounding bored. She was sat to the right of Mina, looking out the window.

Mina looked at Jirou, her eyes widening.

"Wait, actually..." Jirou turned to face Mina "I think it's somewhere closer to 45 minutes, I think." She winked.

"45 MINUTES?!?" Mina shouted. Her bladder became a lot heavier at this news, forcing the pink girl to grip the seat and re-cross her legs, bouncing them around "Momo is it really that far?!"

"Umm... Actually, that sounds about right." Momo reluctantly replied. She didn't want to disappoint the girl, but there was no point in lying.

"Aw maaan, I can't hold it that looong!!" She laughed at her own predicament. This was ridiculous. Did this mean that there was a real chance she was going to pee her pants today? No no, that couldn't be.

"Don't worry Mina, you'll be fine", "Yeah Mina, you got this!" Said Ochako and Tooru from the seats at the very back.

How precious they both were. She turned and smiled at them.

"I'll do my best!" Said Mina. She tried to sound confident, but an undertone of uncertainty was prevalent in her speech.

Mina then turned her focus back to the seemingly infinite highway in front of them and let out a long sigh. She looked at Tsuyu sound asleep in the seat next to Momo. God, Mina wished she could be her so bad right now. The pink girl ruffled her fluffy hair, trying to be patient and shoo all the thoughts about pee out of her mind, but it just wasn't good enough. Only a couple minutes later she leaned closer to Momo.

"Can't you pull over somewhere?"

"I can't. There's nowhere to pull over."

"Isn't there like a gas station somewhere?"

"Maybe somewhere down the road one of these exits."

"Weeell what about taking one of those exits?"

"I don't want to risk getting lost! Look, I'm really sorry Mina, but you'll have to hold it. We'll be there in a bit, I promise. And hey, if I find something, I'll pull over, okay?"

"Hrrr... okay."

"Just try and hold on, Mina. I'm sure it'll be fine."

"Mm, I hope so."

With that, Mina slumped back in her seat, pouting and bracing for the upcoming hold. She rolled up her tanktop and rubbed her bladder, feeling how full it was despite peeing that hour ago. She figured it was nobody's fault but hers. Why did she decide to take that extra large slushie instead of the small one all the other girls had? Because it was hot, that's why. And she was really thirsty. How jealous she was of all the other girls now. She tried to convince herself that maybe they have to go as well, but the difference in body language told everything. Maybe they did, but nowhere near as bad as Mina. Everyone else's kidneys and bladders probably had a lot less liquid to deal with, unlike Mina's. Her kidneys were hard at work, filling her bladder with everything that she drank. She reckoned that slushie was close to a liter. This will be hard - she was sure of that much.

She tried to keep her mind off her bladder, resorting to looking out the window with her legs crossed. The highway was surrounded by fields and distant forests. Mina kept imagining squating in all the bushes or tree clusters that they passed and letting out an absolute gusher at every one. God, the poor girl wanted to do that so badly, but the sides of the road had barriers, making pulling over impossible, Like Momo said. Mina got angry at whoever designed this highway.

"What kind of moron builds a road like this?? What if someone needs to pull over?? I NEED TO PULL OVER! I HAVE TO PEE!!!"

The car hit a bump, knocking Mina out of her thoughts and conjuring a sudden wave of urine that crashed against the walls of her girlhood. She gasped and her left hand flew to her crotch, repeatedly squeezing it in the hopes of preventing a leak. She strained her muscles until the wave passed. It did, but the next one probably won't go that easily.

"We're getting close though, r-right?"

"Mina it's been like ten minutes since we last said 45 minutes." Came Jirou's response.

"Uggghhh, no wayyy!" Mina groaned, rolling her eyes. She leaned forward, pressing her head against the back of Momo's seat. The girl stared down at her hand and bouncing legs. She noticed that her tummy was starting to stick out a lot.

She felt Ochako's hand on her back. She was making sure not to touch her with all five of her fingers. "It'll be okay. You'll make it. We'll be there before you know it."

"Aww Ochako, I'd hug you, but I think if I do I'll pop!"

They laughed. At least Mina could manage to keep her spirits up.

"Oh, Mina, look!" Yaoyorozu chimed in "There's a gas station up ahead. You want me to stop?"

"OHMYGOD, YES YES YES!" the frantic girl exploded in excitement.

Luckily, this station was in a pocket on the side of the highway. No need to take an exit down god knows where, which Momo was grateful for. It was actually quite crowded, with people near the store, at the tables and just walking around.

"UUUU faster, faster!" Mina pleaded, tapping Yaoyorozu's shoulder as she did.

Momo parked next to two huge buses.

"Alright, make this quick, okay?" she said.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, just let me out! sssss - oooh." Mina couldn't help but giggle a little at her desperate behaviour. At least it would soon be over.

Jirou opened the door and moved her legs to let Mina get past her. The desperate girl scrambled her way out and, after giving herself one more squeeze, ran to the store.

Yaoyorozu checked their route on her phone. Still on the right track.

Tsuyu was still sound asleep.

Jirou was on her phone, chuckling. Kaminari had sent her some camping memes.

Tooru and Ochako were looking at the store entrance. Waiting for a relieved and relaxed Mina to come out any minute.

The pink girl did come out, a lot sooner than anticipated. Not looking any more relaxed. She ran around the corner of the building. The bathrooms must be there then.

The girls waited, but, yet again, Mina came into view a lot sooner than expected. She was running back to the car, not looking relieved in the slightest.

"Guys, something's up." Ochako called out.

Jirou and Momo got off their phones and looked over to Mina. Jirou opened the door for her just as she arrived. The pink girl climbed back in and collapsed onto her seat, squirming furiously.

"What happened?" Yaoyorozu asked.

"There was a line of like thirty people for a single port-a-potty! I can't wait that long! I'll pee my pants!" Mina replied, squeezing her privates once more.

Yaoyorozu sighed. She'd really hoped this would be over.

"Well alright then. Guess the next stop's gonna be at the campsite."

"Isn't there anywhere else?"

"We'll just have to keep going and see. But we'll probably reach the campsite first." Momo replied, starting the car back up.

"Grrrr, oh my gooood, this is ridiculous!! I have to go so baaad!" She was faning her legs and laughing at the sheer ridiculousness of the situation she was in.

"We're almost at there anyway, sweetie. Just a little longer." Yaoyorozu said, getting back on the highway.

For a while Mina sat hunched forward in her seat. Faning and bouncing her legs around and holding herself. Her bladder was furious at the tease of relief and Mina herself was disappointed beyond measurement. This all could've been over in the blink of an eye, but there just HAD to be two full buses on THIS day, stopping at THAT gas station in particular. The one SHE was supposed to use the bathroom of. The bathroom SHE was supposed to lock herself in and let loose a furious stream strong enough to cut steel. It would've felt so amazing - the relief, probably the sound and speed of her stream too.

All these thoughts made another ache start to build up in her abdomen. She had to aleviate it somehow. Anything to help with the pressure. The pink girl decided to have her right hand join the left in the tight hold between her legs. This was barely doing anything, so she started rocking back and forth in her seat.

"Uuuuuuuggggghhhhh come ooooooon! How are we still on the highway?? I have to pee so baaaaad!" She put her feet up on her seat and hugged her knees, burrying her face in them. She knocked her knees together a bit before bringing her legs back down and resumed squeezing her crotch.

"What, is it really that bad?" Jirou spoke up.

"Oh no, not at all actually- Of course it is!! I feel like I'm gonna piss myself!"

"Calm down Mina" Yaoyorozu interrupted "We're around 20 minutes away now."

"TWENTY?!?"

Mina covered her face and let out a muffled comical groan.

"Mina, I know!" Chirped Tooru "Try unbuttoning your jeans!"

"O-okay."

Still holding herself with one hand, Mina fumbled with the button on her tight jeans with the other. Her pants popped open. Her piss bulge was thankful for the new room, but still relentlesly demanding relief.

"Ohmygodthat'ssomuchbetter. Ooooh I still need to pee super bad thoughhh."

She tried to unzip her jeans as well, but the zipper kept slipping out of her fingers. She gave up on it soon. She needed both hands back in her crotch if she wanted to stay dry anyway.

Jirou chuckled a little. The metaphorical devil on her shoulder whispered an idea to her.

"Oh my god, I should take a picture and send it to Kirishima. I wonder what he'll think of it."

Tooru burst out laughing. "No way! You would actually do that?!"

Ochako let out a small chuckle at the thought as well.

Mina's eyes widened in absolute shock. She sat upright, her whole face blushing a darker shade of pink.

"OHMYGOD DON'T YOU DARE!!"

But Jirou already had her phone out and was looking for the perfect shot.

"JIROU NO!" Mina tried to reach her with her free hand, but found herself being restricted by the seatbelt as it pushed on her sensitive bladder. She instead resorted to covering her flushed face with it.

"JIROU I'M SERIOUS!" Despite saying that, she was laughing herself.

But her cries went unheard as several clicks sounded from Jirou's phone.

"Hehe, I'll send these to Kirishima when we get to the campsiiite~"

"Oh my god Jirou, I can't - ooh - I can't believe you would do that!"

"Hey, you sent Denki pictures of me crossing my legs at that bathroom line! About time I get you back for that." Jirou leaned closer and ruffled Mina's fluffy hair.

"Hehe, didn't he say you looked cute though? I think I really helped you out there." Mina stuck her tongue out at Jirou.

Jirou's cheeks turned red. "Uh-huh, you know what's not gonna help though?"

"W-What?"

"This."

And with that Jirou launched a full-scale tickle assault on Mina who was helpless to defend herself.

"PHAHAHA OHMYGOD JIROU!! HAHA STOP IT, STOP! I'M GONNA PEE, I'M GONNA PEEEE!!!"

But Jirou persisted. She targeted Mina's sides in particular. She knew that was her weak spot. Mina tried to block her attacks as well as she could, but she had to defend not just from Jirou's hands, but also her ear jacks, which had no difficulty reaching and tickling all the spots Mina was trying to hide. She could only afford to block with one hand, as the other was busy holding back the giant pot of piss, dangerously close to spilling over the edges.

Mina pushed herself as far as she could against the door, squirming like crazy and laughing out loud, trying to survive Jirou's assault. Until, inevitably, one of her strikes finally resulted in leakage.

A short, yet powerful, jet of pee escaped her lips and splashed against the front of her grey panties, giving the desperate girl a tasts of the fury her bladder would send her way soon.

"GAH!! OHMYGOD WAIT!!!"

Mina shot her other hand back into her crotch, tensing up and squeezing her girlhood as hard as she could.

Jirou stopped tickling her "Did you just pee yourself?"

"No... Maybe a little" Mina blushed. Once she felt some kind of control again she removed her hands and looked down at the crotch of her jeans. The tiniest little dark spot was visible on the front.

"Look what you made me do!!" Mina stretched the denim of her crotch and leaned to the side, showing it to Jirou.

"Oh wow, how about you hold that pose and let me get another picture?" Jirou reached for her phone witn a devilish grin.

Mina immediatelly gasped and turned to the opposite side, holding herself again. She stared daggers over her shoulder back at Jirou.

"DON'T YOU DARE!!"

Jirou giggled, putting her phone away again.

"Hmph!" Mina pouted at her, resuming a more comfortable holding position "I can't believe you made me leak, Jirou."

"Well sorry, I didn't realize you had to go THAT bad."

"Either way, you're not gonna make me leak again. Yaomomo's - sss aah - car is too nice for that."

"You know what wouldn't be nice though?" Jirou brought her hands and jacks up again.

"NONONO, YOU STAY AWAY!" Mina double-crossed her legs and got ready to karate chop any incoming strikes. Jirou put her hands and jacks down, laughing.

"Hahaaaw man, it must suck so bad for you right now."

Mina recrossed her legs and resumed holding herself and bouncing on the seat. She put on a sad puppy face, jokingly nodding. She kept a humorous attitude about the ordeal. It was all one could do in a situation like this, really.

"Really gotta pee, there's no bathrooms anywhere, we're still far from the campsite..."

Mina kept nodding, playing along.

"You know I think the campsite had a waterfall. Can you imagine all that water? I bet it sounds something like pshhhhhh..."

Mina started laughing.

"JIROU! STOP IT!!"

She leaned closer "PSHHHHH!" She also started to gently poke Mina all over, making her squirm even more.

"STOP IIIIIIIT!"

"Jirou!" Yaoyorozu chimed in "If Mina makes a mess because of you, you'll be the one cleaning it."

Ochako joined in "Yeah Jirou, I think that's enough."

"Alright guys, alright, relax. We're like almost there though, right, Yaoyorozu?"

"Our exit should be in about a couple minutes. Please try to keep my seat dry. How are you holding up, Mina?" She looked in the mirror.

Mina had slid down her seat. Her shirt had rolled up, exposing her midriff and bulge. She had a tight grip between her legs and was wildly faning her legs.

"Oooooh - I'm - mph - doing my best here!"

"Just hold on a little longer. We're almost there."

"Haaaaaaa - I'm trying. I'm really trying." She sat back upright, pushing down on her crotch as hard as she could and bouncing her legs all over. The ache in her bladder had been increasing the whole time and the leak made her realize how fragile her supposed control was.

All the ruckus had finally woken Tsuyu up. She turned in her seat and stretched her arms up and in front before rubing her eyes.

"How far are we, Momo?" She yawned.

"Almost there. Our exit's coming up. How'd you sleep?"

"It was nice. Your seats are very soft." She turned to look back at the other girls. Her gaze immediatelly focused on Mina bouncing and whimpering all over the place. Mina waved at her quickly before putting her hand back where it was needed.

"Hi Tsuyu! Mm..."

"What's happening?" asked a confused Tsuyu.

"Mina's gotta peeee!" Tooru yelled from the very back.

"Oh, nothing out of the ordinary then."

"What?!" Mina turned to Tsuyu.

"Mina, you have the smallest bladder out of all of us. You always end up like this somehow. Especially with how much you drink."

"Hehe, she's right Mina" Jirou chuckled "Remember that time we were on a bus trip? You drank some soda can before that and then about halfway there, you started squirming all over in your seat. As soon as we stopped, you immediatelly ran off to look for a bathroom!"

"Oh, oh Mina!" Tooru raised her invisible hand "Remember that time we were out for coffee and then later you asked me to be on lookout while you went in the park bushes because the lines at the bathrooms were too long?"

"Umm... there was also that time last summer when you made us get off before our stop so you could run into a Mcdonald's bathroom." Ochako admitted, twiddling her fingers.

"You're also always the first to run to the bathrooms after Aizawa's long classes." Yaoyorozu joined in.

"And look at that little bladder now!" Jirou leaned closer, pointing at Mina's bulging piss balloon "Looks like it's really putting up a fight this time!"

"Oh my god, you guysss..." Mina double-crossed her legs again and burried her glowing red face in her hands. She let out a long exagerated groan.

"But hey!" Tooru leaned closer, feeling the need to lift the mood "You made it all those other times so you'll make it this time as well! In fact, isn't that our exit there?" She pointed in the distance.

Mina looked ahead and sure enough an exit was coming up. Yaoyorozu began slowing down and heading towards it.

"We're almost there sweetie. Just a little longer." Momo reassured the desperate girl. They got off the highway. There was a forest farther down the road. The campsite was somewhere there.

"O-okay - mmm..." Mina cupped herself again. She adjusted herself to get her hands as close as she could to her trembling privates. Her hands were sweaty, the only thing keeping her overfilled bladder in check and the rest of her pants dry.

She reminisced on all the events that the girls mentioned: the bus, the park, the McDonald's, the classes and loads of other times the girls didn't know about. She really did have a talent for getting desperate to pee right when there was nowhere to go. She had held on those times and made it mostly dry and, although it will be an extremely close call, she would hold on this time and make it as well.

Even so, this time she was fighting a magnitudes greater battle with her bladder than ever before. By now it HURT. It was stretched to its absolute limit. So utterly full that she felt like a water balloon who's walls were stretched so thin it would explode if a stray gust of wind grazed its sensitive surface and drown the other girls in her piss. The space that she freed up by unbuttoning her jeans had gotten filled by her still expanding bulge now as well. She had both hands in an iron grip around her girlhood. They were absolutely critical in keeping her pants dry. She pressed her legs tighter together to push her hands even closer. Even though every move sloshed the (what felt like) litres of piss inside her, she couldn't sit still. She was squirming and bouncing all over the place, occasionally leting out a moan or a whimper.

The car hit a bump. The content's of Mina's bloated bladder sloshed unexpectedly towards her exit. Mina gasped and squeezed herself harder, feeling drops of pee get closer and closer to coming out.

"Fuuuuuuuuuck, I can't believe how much this hurrrrrrtsss!"

She leaned forward to press down harder on her crotch, gritting her teeth and sweating from the pain.

The girls must have picked on the severity of her situation.

"Mina, are you alright?" asked a worried Ochako.

"I... - ooooo - I don't - haaaa - I don't think I've ever - guh - had to pee this bad in my li-LIIIIFE!"

She lost control for a second at the end. A sharp jet of her pee shot into her panties, re-wetting them. She bounced and squirmed all over the place.

"How - mm - How much f-further?"

"Somewhere around 10 more minutes Mina. We're almost there!" said a stressed Yaoyorozu.

"10 minutes... - mf - oh fuck."

"Isn't there somewhere to pull over?" Ochako called out to Yaoyorozu.

"There's still barriers on both sides. Just hold on a little longer!"

"I'm holding, I'm - aah - hahawww man, you have no idea how much I'm holding! I - guh - I can't believe how much I'm holding!"

Mina was clenching every muscle in her body. She uncrossed her legs and began bouncing them around like there was no tomorrow. It was like she was trying to stomp through the floor of the car.

"Mina" Tsuyu turned to face her "Sit on your heel. It's uh... helped me before." She blushed a little at the end.

"O - sss - okay."

Mina removed her hands to lift herself up a little. She looked down at her crotch. The little wet spot on her jeans had grown ever so slightly. She brought her right foot under herself. Every second she wasn't holding herself she felt her piss crawl closer and closer to her exit. She felt like she was going to completely lose it at the end so as soon as her foot was in place she crashed her upper body down onto her heel, digging it in as deep as she could.

"Hooooooo my goood, that's better. Thank you so much Tsuyu."

"D-don't mention it."

Mina chuckled at Tsuyu's shyness. She's probably been in a situation like this before if she knew to do this.

Mina was grinding on her heel now, rocking on it in all directions like it was some kind of joystick, but the game she was playing right now was turning into a very dangerous one. The spell of her heel was relatively short-lived though and soon she had to hold herself in addition if she was to keep all her hot piss off the seat.

The car began to slow down.

"Okay Mina, this is the turn. 5 more minutes, almost there!" said a nervous Yaoyorozu, turning down a dirt road.

"O-okay - mmm - okay, okay."

Even talking was a challenge. Every muscle was dedicated to holding all her liquid inside. Like piss flooded her bladder, so too did thoughts begin to flood her mind.

"Holy shit, I'm gonna wet myself. I'm actually gonna wet myself. This can't be real. I'm about to piss my pants in Momo's car in front of all the girls. This is insane. I have to pee. It's no use. I have to pee! It hurts so bad! I HAVE TO PEEEE!!"

This was a dirt road so it was more uneven with several potholes. Momo was prioritizing speed above all else so she charged forward to get Mina to a bathroom as fast as possible. This however meant that the car would be tossed around a little. For poor Mina it was agony. She felt herself spurt a little on almost every bump.

"Oh.. OH! Oh that's grEAT! That's fUN!" Even in the face of this torment she found a way to make light of it.

The same couldn't be said about the other girls. They were worried sick over Mina. Once Jirou realized the true scale of Mina's plight, all jokes flew right out of her mind. She leaned closer, putting her hand on Mina's shoulder.

"Hey, just a little longer. We're like right there."

Mina smiled and nodded. The colossal pressure of her bladder and the immense strain on her muscles was making her sweat and even tear up a little. She quickly wiped the sweat and tears away with one hand though, before quickly planting it back in her crotch.

Ochako and Tooru also got closer and held her.

"You're doing good, Mina. Just a little more."

"Look! It's the parking lot."

It finally came into view.

There was a barrier gate to get in so Yaoyorozu had to stop and pay.

"I'll be quick! I'll be quick!" she blurted out, sticking a bill into the machine and waiting for a token.

Mina's heart was pounding and she was breathing heavily. She unbuckled her seatbelt, giving her more freedom to squirm and dance around. She considered jumping out of the car now and making a run for it, but in this state she wouldn't make it that far and she knew that.

The machine dispensed the token and Momo drove in.

"There they are! I see the bathrooms!!" Tooru shouted. At first it was hard to figure out where she was pointing at, but soon they all saw it. They were some distance off the side of the lot, right on the edge of the main clearing.

"Oooooh faster, faster!" Mina whimpered, faning her legs so hard it was as if she was trying smack the pressure away.

"I'll drive closer to it. You just jump right out, okay?" Momo said.

"O - mmm - okay, okay. Assuming I can even run!" Mina let out a strained laugh. She was panting nonstop now, dancing like her life depended on it. "Oh LORD I gotta PISS! I can't hold it much longerrr!"

Yaoyorozu maneuvered through the parking lot. It was actually pretty crowded, but lucklily she didn't have to stop for anyone. She drove right to the side of the lot so Mina had a straight line to the bathrooms.

"Okay! We're here!" She said.

"I'll go with her." Jirou said, opening the sliding door and unbuckling her seatbelt. "Come on, Mina lets go."

Mina looked to her right. It was like Jirou had opened the gates to Heaven, and there on the other end was salvation.

Jirou helped Mina get up and out of the car. As soon as the pink girl stepped on the asphalt of the lot, a leak shot past her clenched lips. She felt the wetness against her hands as her wet spot grew once again.

"Oh SHIIITTT!" She crossed her legs and bent forward. Her ass stretched the denim of her jeans, exposing the top of her panties as she began to bob up and down on the spot, pushing her hands as far up against her crotch as she could. She tried to regain some control, but soon realized it was not coming back. Her bladder had had enough and was getting ready to empty itself no matter what Mina had to say about it.

"We'll park and then find you. Okay?" Said Momo.

"Hurry Mina!", "You got this!" Ochako and Tooru cheered.

"Jirou" Tsuyu called out. She pointed at Mina and signed for a phone.

Jirou got the hint. She nodded and shut the car door. It drove off.

"Come on, Mina. Lets go." She said, putting a hand on Mina's shoulder.

"Wait wait, gimme a minute! - Sssssss - Holy fuck, Jirou, I can't believe how much this hurrrts. I think - sss haaa fuck - I think I might actually wet myself."

"Don't be ridiculous! The bathroom's right there. Come on, final push!"

"O-okay. I - oh no." Mina froze. Her eyes shot wide open. She felt it coming.

"Oh... FUCK FUCK FUCK! I can't hold it anymore!!"

She broke into an all-out sprint. Jirou, surprised, soon followed after her, but was unable to catch up. It was as if having a bursting bladder had given Mina some sort of speed quirk. She was so determined to get to a bathroom as fast as possible, it's unlikely even Iida could have caught up to her right now. This speed came at a cost though. Her giant bladder was smashing all over the place inside her, the piss sloshing and spilling everywhere, like the contents of a cauldron being stirred way too fast. Every step made more pee drip into her already wet panties, making her whimper and squirm as she ran.

But she had no choice. All she could think about now was the image of her wetting her jeans. She could see it. This future seemed inevitable. She imagined everyone looking at her and the dark stain on her jeans. She had to make sure it did not happen. She had to get to that bathroom and she had to get there this very SECOND. It was right there. The door was getting closer and closer. The door with the Ladies symbol. Yes, there it was. The handle. Just grab the handle and it will all be over. Pull the handle, rip your jeans off, slam your pink ass on the toilet and let loose the strongest, loudest stream of piss the world has ever seen. Bask in the glorious relief. Moan as loud as you have to. Just. Pull. That. HANDLE!!!

Time slowed down. One more step. Mina removed one hand from her crotch. She reached. Reached for salvation. A faint smile started to form on her face again. She grabbed the handle, got a firm grip on it to open the door with a single powerful swing. She was right there now. She made it. Just one pull and it will all be over.

...

Bad luck.

It wouldn't open. All color drained from her face, heading straight to her bladder, making it pound against her overworked peehole so hard it was becoming actually unbearable. Mina tried to push the door instead. Also nothing. She looked around for an answer and then she found it. A red stripe above the handle, indicating the worst possible scenario was still looming over her.

Mina began the most frantic pee dance in her life. With a shaking hand, she knocked on the door.

"E-excuse me - mm - are you almost finished?"

"Sorry hun, I just got in. I'll be just a sec."

"Oh... I uh - sssss - I really have to pee."

No response.

Jirou finally caught up.

"Jesus, I've never seen you run so fast."

She noticed Mina's frantic dance in front of the Ladies' door and asked.

"What's wrong?"

"It's occupied. Ohmygod, Jirou I don't - mph - I don't think I can hold it any longer, I really can't!"

She was pushing her hands up against her overworked girlhood with all her strength. Her knuckles were turning white with how hard she was squeezing her privates, her face was a deep, dark shade of pink, her legs kept wrapping and unwrapping around each other as she danced and bounced all over the place.

"Oh shit, uhh, did you try the guys' door?"

Jirou ran to it before Mina could answer, but that was occupied as well.

"The hell?" She said "How is this possible? There's gotta be another bathroom somewhere. Lets go!"

"Jirou... I c-can't. I - I..."

Mina twisted herself like a pretzel, leaning forward in the most intense display of desperation Jirou had ever seen. Then she saw it. Dark streaks began to snake down the inside of Mina's thighs. Some drops made it to the bathroom's concrete doorstep below, leaving small dark circles on the dry material.

Mina bounced around in shock before writhing and tensing every muscle in her body, managing to clamp the flow off.

"Shit shit SHIT!!! Ican'tholditanymore, Ican'tholditanymore, fuck fuck FUUUCK!!!!" she ran off again. This time towards the woods. Jirou took notice of the already visible wet patch on the back of Mina's jeans. This was not how Jirou expected their camping trip to go.

Now every step sent a surging shock to Mina's overloaded, overworked and overstretched bladder. It hurt so much. The hot piss was thrashing inside her like a mad, howling beast, sending wave after intense wave to her cracking floodgates. They could not keep holding it back. Mina couldn't even run far. Just far enough to be out of sight of the other campers.

She stopped near a tree and without even looking around began to fiddle with the zipper of her jeans. She was beyond thinking straight. Her brain was floating in pee. It was the only thing on her mind. PEE!!!

Now that her hands were no longer holding her crotch, Mina had a clear view of the wet patch on the front. Because she was pressing down on it this whole time, the patch had spread already large enough for anyone to notice. That was still only a tiny drop in the yellow ocean she was holding back.

She was still dancing like crazy. She kept running in place and smacking her thighs together, which made getting a hold on her zipper that much more harder. Her fingers, wet from sweat and now pee as well, kept slipping. Every time she got hold of the zipper, it escaped her frantic grasp. She tried to pull the jeans straight down, but they were just too tight and would not move below her hips.

Mina was hyperventilating. This was absolutely insane. She could not recall the last time she'd ever needed to pee this badly. In fact, she was sure she'd never had to pee this bad in her whole life. Hell, how was it even possible to need to pee this badly?! Her small bladder was crying for relief, the hot piss boiling and bubbling inside of her, making it feel like her bladder was on fire.

She felt another spasm. This would be the final blow. It was like someone had actually punched her straight in the bladder. She lurched forward with a gasp and began to shake as her castle walls were torn down by a yellow tidal wave. She felt a warm liquid in her panties that then went down her jeans as the stream she'd been fantasizing about releasing for so long was being released right there in her jeans whether she liked it or not.

Mina planted her hands back in her crotch in the faintest of hopes that it would stop the flow, but it was all in vain. In mere seconds, the front and back of her jeans were completely soaked. Streaks of pee were racing down her legs and raining into her shoes and on the ground below as they reached the cuffs of her jeans. Even in the already wet parts pee could still be seen streaming down in a massive river, raining down whenever it reached a fold.

Jirou once again caught up to Mina. Her eyes widened and she gasped, covering her mouth at the sight of her friend wetting herself.

Mina, still peing, removed her hands from her crotch and stopped resisting. She was completely lost in the relief she was feeling right now. Her hands went limp by her sides as she relaxed completely. For a split second her stream was so strong it was raining straight through the crotch of her jeans, not even traveling down her legs.

Mina herself was in absolute bliss after releasing all the piss she'd been holding in. She had her head tilted back, moaning in relief, as her bladder bulge deflated and the Niagara falls in her pants raged on.

Something like a minute passed and Mina was still peeing. The ground couldn't absorb it fast enough so a puddle had formed where she stood, with her in the middle. She thought she would go on forever. Part of her almost wanted to. To keep floating in the clouds, unaware of the world around her. Just her and the total peace of the moment.

But nothing lasts forever - not even the furious pee streams of bursting girls like Mina. So after a while it finally died down. Her pants were totally soaked, front and back. She leaned against the tree beside her. Her legs, weak and trembling.

"Haaaa, phew! Oooh my god I needed that so much."

Returning from the clouds, reality began to set in. She looked up at the treetops. This had to be some dream, right? There's no way she actually just peed her pants... right?

She looked down. Nope. She had in fact peed her pants. She let out a sigh. Partially out of embarassment, partially out of finally being able to relax. She buttoned her jeans back up.

Jirou was in shock at what had just happened. Despite the pee seeping into the ground below, there was still a clear puddle. She wasn't sure what to do, but when Mina turned around to see the damage on the back of her jeans, she reckoned she had to say something.

"Um... Are you... good?" Was the only thing that came to mind.

"Well... not quite." Mina said, turning to face Jirou and pointing at the giant wet patch on her pants. She laughed awkwardly.

"Uhh... should I uh.. do you have any spare clothes?"

"Yeah, yeah... Um... I'll just go and WOAH-"

Mina tripped on a tree root. Jirou moved in to catch her.

"Don't get it on you!" Mina said.

"Nevermind that. Lets get you to a shower or something. Hang on a sec."

Jirou got her phone out and texted Tsuyu about what happened. Tsuyu said they're coming.

"Lets wait here a little."

Mina nodded. She kept looking at her wet jeans and just how much she had wet them. Jirou couldn't help but do the same.

A short while later they heard Ochako and Tooru.

"MINAAA! JIROUUU!"

"WE'RE HERE!" Jirou shouted back.

At that moment Jirou and Mina saw the other girls round the corner of the bathrooms and look into the forest. The girls visibly gasped and ran towards them.

A barrage of questions eurupted as soon as the two groups met.

"Oh my god are you okay?? What happened?? Was it locked??" and the like.

But the most worried look was on Momo's face, with tears in her eyes.

"Oh my god, Mina, I'm so sorry. I should have pulled over somewhere sooner. I'm so sorry." She said, tears beginning to run down her face.

"Aw, Momo, it's not your fault. I shouldn't have drank so much in the first place."

Momo wiped away her tears as she went in to hug Mina. The other girls joined in too in a big group hug.

"Woah, careful!" Mina said, maintaining the hug, but pacing a step back as to not touch anyone with her wet pants.

The girls chuckled a little.

"Did you guys see a shower somewhere?" Jirou spoke up.

"We did" Tsuyu said "There's a bigger bathroom with showers down that way near the main building, but... it's kinda far."

She pointed to a large building covered in dark grey planks back in the camp grounds. And yes, Mina would have to go into sight of a lot of people to get there.

"Okay, you guys go get Mina's bag. I'll get her to the showers. Which one's yours?"

"Pink one." She said.

"Of course." Jirou chuckled "Okay lets go."

With that, the other girls went back to the car.

Jirou thought about whether there was a way to hide how wet Mina's jeans were from the other campers. Neither of them had any jackets or hoodies. Just shirts.

"Uhhh - You wanna like... get some branches and cover up??"

It was ridiculous, but it was the only thing that came to her mind. Mina laughed.

"No, I can't think of a way to hide all of this. I'll just have to power through, I guess."

Both girls looked at Mina's wet jeans again. The wetness had seeped further in the time they'd spent standing there and was covering her entire front and back. A little longer and the two might actually meet at the sides of her legs.

Jirou didn't argue. Mina just figured in times like these, it's important to keep your chin up and not show weakness. She wasn't weak. She was a hero. And heroes weren't bothered by stuff like this. She puffed up her chest, straightened her back and marched with iron determination, Jirou right beside her.

That's not to say the walk was an easy one. Mina tried to keep her sights just on the bathroom ahead, but, in her peripheral, she could see people staring and even some kids pointing. With her jeans being such a light shade, the wet patch stood out all the more in the still bright light of the now setting sun. Her sneakers also squelched at every step. Both girls were blushing from the attention they were getting.

Halfway to the bathroom, Mina felt a renewed twinge in her bladder. She grabbed her tummy and looked down in surprise.

"Oh shit-"

"What's wrong?"

Both girls whispered to each other.

"I need to pee again."

"Again??"

"I can't help it! It's getting real bad real quick!"

"We're almost there. Hold on a little."

"I'm trying, I'm trying!"

Her walk was becoming more strained by the second. Her thighs pressed closer together and she began to bob with each step. The twinge had grown into a huge pressure in a record time. Her tired lips could not hold back a leak that rewet her panties.

"Nononononono!"

She shot a hand into her wet crotch, wringing some pee out of her jeans as she squeezed her girlhood. She felt more urine on its way out. By the time they made it to the bathroom Mina was holding herself with both hands and doing a desperate pee dance once again, spurting into her underwear every other second.

The building had four doors. Two for toilets and two for showers. Jirou opened the door to the Ladies' for Mina. This time it was unlocked. Mina dashed in. This one had stalls. All were free, luckily, so Mina ran right into the first one.

She was whimpering, squirming a lot and her hands were twitchy, but through sheer willpower she managed to unbutton and unzip her jeans. As she was peeling the wet jeans off her waist, she felt her pee right on the edge. She was not about to piss herself for a second time in one day. Mustering all the strength she had, she pushed her jeans and panties down and slammed her ass onto the toilet below.

Her stream was short, but powerful nevertheless. It echoed in the bathroom. Jirou, who followed Mina in, heard everything. She was blushing and twiddling her ear jacks as she waited for Mina to finish.

Mina sighed in relief once she was done. She pulled her pants back on. Her wet panties had grown cold, which startled her when she pulled them back up.

She exited the stall and saw Jirou leaning against the wall. Both girls blushed.

"Better?"

"Oh you have no idea." Mina held her belly again.

"Well, lets get you showered then."

"Right!"

As they went out the door, they came face to face with another female camper. She gasped upon seeing Mina's jeans. Their eyes met. Mina shrugged with an awkward smile.

Mina and Jirou went into the showers. There were stalls with curtains on both sides of the room with a bench in the middle. Mina began peeling her sticky jeans off. They heard the door open.

In came Tooru with Mina's pink bag.

"This the one?" She asked.

"Yup." said the pink girl.

She'd managed to pull one leg off and was currently working on the other so Jirou went to take the bag.

"We're further that way" She pointed to the left of her "We're trying to get a fire started right now. We'll be waiting for you guys, okay?"

"Okay." Jirou said.

"Hang in there!" She told Mina.

"You got it!" She said with a thumbs-up.

With that Tooru left, leaving Jirou and Mina alone in the showers again. Mina managed to peel her jeans off completely and throw them on the bench beside her. She looked at her grey panties. The entire front was covered in a dark patch of pee.

"Wow!" She said "All the way to the top!"

"Jesus, how much did you have in you?" Jirou jokingly asked, handing Mina a towel.

She wrapped it around her waist and slid her panties down her legs

"It was just that slushie! I mean, I did have a coffee before we set off, but I didn't think it'd make me pee THIS much!" She stretched her panties on her thumbs before throwing them on top of her wet jeans. Both girls laughed a little.

Mina took off her tanktop and went into the shower stall. She closed the curtain. Jirou then saw Mina's hand come out from behind it, holding her bra.

"Hang onto this for me." She said.

"You got it, boss." Jirou took it. She examined it for a second, noting how much larger it was compared to hers, before putting it down on the bench as well.

Mina washed herself. She was happy not to feel sticky anymore. She rubbed the bar of soap all over herself - her thighs, feet, chest, armpits, rear, privates. Might as well wash all of her, now that she's in here. She finished and dried herself in the towel, wrapping herself in it afterwards. She wrapped it across her chest this time, now revealing a generous ammount of her thighs. She opened the curtain.

"WOO that's a lot better!" She shouted, startling Jirou.

She went over to her bag and took out a some dark grey sweatpants. As she pulled them on, Jirou noticed that Mina didn't put on any new panties. She didn't say anything though. Mina put on her bra and tanktop as well as stepping into the flip flops she brought. She noticed Jirou looking deep in thought.

"What's up?" She asked her.

"I'm... um..."

"What's wrong?" Mina sat down next to her, concerned.

"I'm just... I'm sorry for teasing you in the car like that. I didn't realize how bad you really had to go and thought you were just playing it up. Maybe if I hadn't made you leak back then, you... This wouldn't have happened."

Jirou looked like she was about to cry.

"Oh Jirouuuuuu," she wrapped her arms around her "This isn't your fault. It's my fault for having such a tiny bladder. And besides," she looked Jirou right in the eyes "The only reason I didn't piss in Momo's car in the end was because all of you cheered me on."

The two laughed and hugged.

Then Mina had an idea.

"Hey Jirou..." she said.

"Hm?"

Mina got up and held up her wet jeans, showing off the front covered in a giant field of piss.

"Take a picture." She said with a devilish grin.

Jirou burst out laughing.

"NO WAY! AHAHAHAAA!!! Seriously?!?"

Mina nodded.

Jirou got up and took her phone out. Mina held the jeans next to her and put on her best sad puppy eyes, pouting her bottom lip.

Jirou took several photos. Both were holding back laughter.

"Mina, I am at a loss for words!"

"Send those to me. The one you took in the car as well."

"What are you gonna do with them?"

"Might show em' to a certain someone. You never know." She winked with a mischievious smile.

"Is it-?"

Mina nodded mischieviously.

Jirou exploded into laughter again, holding her stomach and crossing her legs.

"Oh-oh my god, you're gonna make me pee now!"

Both laughed and put everything back in Mina's bag. They put her pants and panties into a plastic bag Mina was planning on using for her swimwear tomorrow but she'll worry about that when the time comes.

By the end, Jirou was constantly crossing her legs and bouncing a little herself. As they got out, she told Mina to wait for her and dashed into the bathroom as well. Rejoining Mina after a bit, they made their way to where Tooru pointed earlier.

They saw the rest of the girls sitting around a small campfire - two tents behind them. Ochako was the first to notice, waving them over.

"Are you doing alright?" asked Yaoyorozu. She'd wrapped herself in a huge red blanket.

"Better than ever!" Mina replied enthusiastically.

She looked at the other girls. Tsuyu, Ochako and Tooru were sharing a green blanket. Jirou had sat down next to Yaoyorozu, who'd let her into her blanket already. They were all smiling at Mina.

"Good to hear" Tsuyu said.

"Alright, Mina!" Shouted Tooru, energetic as ever.

"I made some tea. Um- do you... want any right now?" asked Ochako. She seemed to be the most unsure of how to act at the moment.

"Of course!" Mina replied "I could use something to warm up."

"D'oh, come here." Yaoyorozu opened her arms, inviting Mina into the blanket with her and Jirou. She sat down and Yaoyorozu wrapped it around her, hugging her tight and saying:

"I'll stop sooner next time. I promise."

Mina laughed. The other girls laughed along with her.

The girls drank tea, made smores, Jirou even brought her guitar with her and started playing songs in the orange light of the setting sun.

A while later Mina had to pee again. She held it for longer than usual so she wouldn't have to go so soon in front of everybody. Last thing she wanted was for them to start treating her like a child because of this. Nonetheless, she felt herself start to squirm. She took a red hoodie out of her bag and put it on, stepping in place a little as she did. Then she hurried to one of the outhouses closest to them. This one was an older one with just a hole in the ground, but it didn't matter. Mina squated and let out another short and strong stream of liquid.

Going back out, relieved, there was something she wanted to do before heading back to the girls. She checked her phone. Jirou had already sent her the photos. A devilish smile grew on her face again. Her heart was pounding. She chose one of the photos and sent it to a certain someone. The text under it read:

"I didn't make it 😓"

Sent.

Mina silently squeeled in excitement at what she was doing and what it could lead to. She then heard Tooru.

"Minaaaaa, you coming?"

"I'm going, I'm going!"

She ran back to the campsite. As the sun set lower and the light grew dimmer, more and more campfires lit up around them, like candles in the dark. The girls told stories, laughed and sang until they decided to head to sleep.

When the others had fallen asleep, Mina checked her phone. Just as she did, she got the reply she'd hoped for. She had to struggle to conain her excitement and not wake the others.

And so, after texting for what seemed like hours, she too fell asleep for a well deserved rest, excited for what tomorrow will bring.

