A pee holding challenge skit

Author: Karly_cr

*000*2022-10-01 06:40

Rachel: Alright Lily, are you ready for your ultimate holding challenge?

Lily: As ready as I'll ever be.

Rachel: Good, now drink all this water. *Hands Lily 2.5 liters of bottled water* once you finish drinking all of it the timer will start.

Lily: This is alot of water. How long do I have to hold it for?

Rachel: 3 hours at least. *smiles*

Lily: I already know that I can't hold it that long.

Rachel: Too bad Lily, you need to stretch your bladder and this is the best way to do it.

Lily: Oh God. * begins drinking the water*

Rachel: Good. * smiles *

(20 minutes later)

Lily: I'm finished drinking the water. I feel bloated.

Rachel: Alrighty, starting the timer right now.

(30 minutes later)

Rachel: How is that bladder of yours feeling?

Lily: About a 3/10.

Rachel: You have 2 hours and 30 minutes left to go, you can do it.

Lily: I hope so.

Rachel: You're strong, I know you can hold it.

Lily: I hope you're right.

(1 hour later)

Rachel: how is that bladder feeling now honey?

Lily: Feeling really full 8/10. I know I won't be able to hold it. FUUUUCK I have to pee so bad!

Rachel: Come on Lily, you can do this. 1 hour and 30 minutes left.

(30 minutes later)

Rachel: How you feeling now Lily?

Lily: OH GOD. Let me pee. I have to go EXTREMELY BADLY. I'm at a 10/10.

Rachel: Come on Lily. One hour left girl. Stretch your bladder.

Lily: *leaks a little* PLEASE. I CAN'T HOLD IT!

Rachel: Don't you dare leak!

(30 minutes later)

Lily: I'm going to EXPLODE! *a huge leak gushes from in between her legs* IM PEEING MYSELF.

Rachel: hold it in big girl. Squeeze those kegel muscles closed. 30 more minutes.

(15 minutes later)

Lily: I CAN'T HOLD IT ANYMORE! *pee gushes from in between her legs*

Rachel: Stop peeing.

Lily: I'M TRYING. I'M TRYING. I... I... CAN'T! *pee flows hard* I'M SORRY I'M SORRY ARRGH.

Rachel: you tried so fucking hard Lily.

