How can you accidentally get hypnotised?

Author: Kitty Angel

*000*2020-05-18 16:14

Hey folks!

Not sure where is right place to post this; I guess it probably counts as fiction. I was watching a couple of hypnosis wetting videos lately, and started wondering how hard it would be to script something like that. The videos where there's some kind of scenario set up to explain why this person is being hypnotised to wet herself; I was wondering how easy it would be to fit that kind of plot into a few minutes of script. And I had this idea for a smart speaker playing a hypnosis file because it misheard what you asked for… being as realistic as I can in the time constraints.

If I wasn't broke, I'd try commissioning someone to film this; but for now, all I can do is share the script. Hope someone finds it entertaining

… OK, I can't copy/paste the script for some reason? In that case, have a link to the document.

%https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TKgaF9hSJh2CHBWTkxP-lqxKPhnFjKWWPAl8KlhADhE/edit

(If I've missed a better place to share this, or overlooked something in the rules, please let me know)

*002*2020-05-19 11:01

Thanks

I've written stories in script form before, where most of the content is dialogue. But this one was originally "what I'd commission if I had money", so the stage directions are written in a way that I thought might be less entertaining. I did think about getting the money together to get someone to record it (no idea how much commission videos even cost, but I've managed to spend a little less than usual due to being stuck at my mom's house during the lockdown). But when I looked back at the videos I've seen before from women who say they'll do commissions, I notice that most of them never show their faces – so I'm not sure how easy it would be to convey the mood – and don't usually speak, so something like this would be unlikely to work.

I'm much more used to writing scripts for actual hypno files; and it was an interesting challenge to come up with this; coming up with words that give more the impression of hypnosis than the actual thing. It was certainly a refresher for my brain

*004*2020-05-21 17:06

{{4 hours ago, NothingLeft said:

Video or story, that's an incredible way of hypno- and one that's rather unique, I'd wager! Either way it's done, I think it would be an impressive piece.

Particularly, the small leaks as she learns her triggers are quite stimulating, as is the lover coming home in the middle of the incident.

With your permission, could I include something similar- mainly just the concept of an accidental hypno incident- in an omorashi fanfiction compliation? I would obviously credit you.

}}

Sure I'm not sure how well it would work in prose, so I'm happy to share. And thanks for the compliments.

