Abby: Business Trip Agony - Page 2

Author: Kayn

*032*2022-03-29 01:00

{{8 hours ago, pguy69 said:

We'd love to hear about them if you are willing to share!

}}

I second this! Feel free to share your experiences, @Sassy1

!

{{6 hours ago, Apan said:

Will we get to know what happened in the alternate universe, by the way?

}}

Yeah I've been working on that, it's just been very busy so I haven't had much time to sit down and write. Hopefully I'll have it out soon.

{{6 hours ago, Apan said:

Or even better, maybe a follow-up story with Abby in another business/office situation and with this dear lesson fresh in mind, she actually is trying to get to a bathroom while she thinks she can, but once again circumstances, formal or practical or both, are stacking the deck against her? (And maybe, just maybe, she will wear a tight pencil skirt on this occasion?)

}}

Gotta say, that's a pretty enticing idea. I have a bunch of stories floating around my head that I'd like to write, but I'll definitely keep this in mind.

*036*2022-05-08 03:02

My apologies that this is coming much later than promised, I've had a lot on my plate recently. Finally got the other ending finished, so here it is.

This part is essentially the same as Part 5, except for the ending which of course turns out a little differently this time. It picks up from when they arrive at the office.

Part 5 (Alternate Ending)

As the cab pulled into the parking lot, Abby grabbed her handbag with her left hand, still squeezing her crotch with her right as she waited anxiously for the driver to pull up to the entrance. Every second mattered now, because she had no idea when her burnt out muscles were going to give out for good. When the car finally came to a stop, Abby shoved the door open and clambered out onto the pavement. Not looking back, she hurried towards the glass doors of the building, doing the same awkward tight-legged shuffle she’d done back at the station. She didn’t even care how stupid she looked anymore; the only thing she wanted right now, more than anything else in the world, was a toilet, and she didn’t care if she had to kill someone for it.

Shoving through the doors, Abby burst into the spacious lobby, Mrs. Wilkins following close behind. She spun her head like a wild dog, searching desperately for the bathroom. Dammit, where is it?!

“There’s no bathroom in the lobby,” Mrs. Wilkins said to her. “Come on, let’s ask the receptionist.” She made her way to the reception desk up front, and Abby shadowed her footsteps. Behind the counter sat a lovely young brunette lady, who greeted the two of them with a smile. “Hello, how can I help you two?” Abby stood in front of the counter, hands clutching her handbag at her waist, her knees jiggling wildly back and forth. She was immensely thankful that the lobby was empty.

“We’re actually looking for the restrooms,” Mrs. Wilkins answered. “Could you please point us out?”

“Absolutely! Just head down this hallway, turn left at the corner, then head down to the end. It’ll be on your right.” The receptionist indicated to a hallway off to the side. Mrs. Wilkins thanked her, then glanced at Abby before turning and leading the way. Her hands still clutching her handbag to her crotch, Abby stumbled after her, feeling the immense weight of her bladder starting to break through her strained sphincter. The moment they entered the hallway, she felt a massive spurt of pee squirt out, drenching her panties inside. She shoved her right hand into her crotch again, pausing in her stride just a moment to regain control before she resumed, hobbling forward after Mrs. Wilkins.

With every step, the force of her bladder seemed to intensify exponentially, as if it could sense that the bathroom was just up ahead. She was literally seconds away from losing complete control, and she had to get to the toilet before then. The throbbing, aching pain was so great now she almost burst into tears. Even with her hand lodged between her thighs, she could feel more drops of pee leaking out with each second as her control waned rapidly. She had no idea how she was going to get her pants down in time.

As they approached the end of the hall, the door to the Ladies room finally appeared in her sight. At that moment, it was like setting her eyes on the holy grail. Nothing else in the world mattered more than that door, and what lay within.

Her eyes zoned in on the door handle as she strode forward past Mrs. Wilkins, her swollen bladder pounding with the anticipation of release. It was now or never, she couldn’t wait even a second longer. When she finally got to the door, her shaking fingers lunged forward and grabbed the gray handle, yanking it down with force.

And for the second time that day, she was met with stubborn resistance. Another locked door barring her from sweet relief. She looked up in horror, and saw the dreaded white piece of paper taped to the door. Yet again, it was just three words, only this time, it read: Closed for cleaning.

“No, please…” Abby whimpered, bending over in half as she shoved helplessly against the door. It was utterly ridiculous; how could one person possibly have so much bad luck? She didn’t even have the strength to be angry anymore. Her knees had gone weak, her legs shaking from utter desperation. Her vision blurred as her eyes welled up with tears. It was so cruel. What did she do to deserve this?

“Oh dear,” she heard Mrs. Wilkins saying behind her. “Come on, Abby, there must be another bathroom. Let’s ask the receptionist again.”

But it was too late. She had reached the end of her tether, and her bladder was done waiting. She felt her poor strained muscles starting to give way at last, bursts of hot pee shooting out from her loosening sphincter. She was done, it was just too painful, and she had no strength left to hold it back anymore. A soft gasp escaped her mouth as her wavering muscles gave out completely, and the massive flood inside her came bursting out.

A loud hiss filled the air as pee gushed out of her with incredible force, roaring into the tight white pants that clung to her legs. A massive wet stain began spreading from her crotch with astonishing speed, her pee flooding out so fast that her pants were drenched within seconds. Wave after wave of pee burst through the fabric of her pants and splattered loudly onto the clean white tiles below, forming a massive puddle which expanded out in a circle underneath her. Rivulets of pee cascaded down her legs and flowed into her black boots, where it began collecting down at her soles. Before long, her feet were completely submerged in the hot liquid from her bladder.

Abby stood rooted to the spot as an endless flood of urine gushed down her legs, her face burning with shame and humiliation. She could feel her boss’s shocked gaze next to her, but she couldn’t bear to look up at her. They stood in total silence as Abby stood there peeing herself, her bladder pumping out a ridiculous amount of urine onto the floor below. She was peeing with so much force that it looked like a waterfall was pouring out from between her legs. Her pants were completely saturated, and simply could not contain any more liquid. And yet, on and on her stream went, her urine seeping right through the fabric and splashing onto the already enormous puddle on the floor.

It was a full minute and a half before her bladder finally pushed out the last bit of liquid, bringing the urine cascade to an end. Abby stood still in the middle of what can only be described as a lake of pee on the floor around her, stretching out several feet from her boots. If she hadn’t been filled with embarrassment at that moment, she would’ve been astounded at the sheer volume of pee that had just come out of her bladder. The entire bottom half of her was soaking wet, every square inch of her pants completely drenched with her warm urine.

Dead silence filled the air as the last few drops splashed into the puddle below. Abby hung her head in utter shame and humiliation. Here she was, a grown professional woman on a business trip with her boss, and she had just wet herself at the office of one of their most important clients. What would they think when they saw this? She wanted to crawl into a hole and die. How could she ever show her face here again after this?

“Abby.” Mrs. Wilkins’ voice cut through the air, snapping her out of her thoughts. Bracing herself, Abby took a deep breath as she prepared to face her boss. She wasn’t sure what to expect; would she be angry, disgusted at her? But when she looked up, it was a look of sympathy that she found gazing back at her. “Are you alright, Abby?”

Of course she wasn’t alright. This was the single most embarrassing thing that had ever happened to her, and at that moment, she wanted nothing more than to stop existing. But all she whimpered in response was, “I’m so sorry about this.” Her voice broke, tears threatening to flow down her face. How could she have let this happen?

“It’s alright, Abby,” Mrs. Wilkins said, her voice soothing. “Let’s get you cleaned up, shall we?” She turned around. “Wait here, I’ll go talk to the receptionist and get a janitor here, okay?” Abby nodded meekly, then watched as her boss disappeared around the corner into the lobby. Alone, she finally lifted her feet and began gingerly stepping out of the puddle. Her urine filled boots squelched with each step, piss oozing out through the velvet. Her soaked pants clung to her skin, and she could feel the warmth of her pee vanishing quickly in the cool air.

She wished there was someplace she could hide, anywhere away from the open hallway, far from the scene of her humiliating accident. There was nothing for her to do other than to just stand there awkwardly. She prayed that no one from the office would come and see her, standing there covered in her own pee. Fortunately she was at the dead-end of the hallway, and there didn’t seem to be anyone else around. Even so, it was hard not to feel totally self-conscious. She leaned back against the wall, feeling her head still spinning with the shock of what had just happened. I can’t believe this. This seriously can’t have happened. Oh, what she would’ve given to be able to go back in time and undo this entire morning.

After what felt like an eternity, Mrs. Wilkins finally came back with a janitor, an older scruffy-looking woman who came prepared with a cart stocked full of cleaning supplies and even a pair of sweatpants for Abby to change into. Perhaps sensing Abby’s embarrassment, she merely handed her the pants and a plastic bag without comment and unlocked the restroom so Abby could change in privacy. Abby nodded meekly in thanks before quickly vanishing into the bathroom.

Inside, she was glad to be alone at last, away from all the peering eyes. Part of her just wanted to stay in there forever, but she willed herself to get herself cleaned up and changed. The sweatpants turned out to be a few sizes too small, coming up several inches short above her ankles, but she hardly cared. It was just nice to be in dry clothes again. She shoved her wet pants and boots into the plastic bag. By the time she reemerged, the janitor was hard at work mopping up the floor outside.

“Come on, Abby,” Mrs. Wilkins called from down the hallway. Abby made her way over, and the two began making their way down the hall. “I called a cab for you,” her boss explained as they walked out into the lobby. “It’s waiting outside. Go home and take the rest of the day off, alright? Don’t worry about the meeting, I’ll handle it.” She brushed Abby’s arm reassuringly. Abby suddenly felt a wave of gratitude overcome her. She had been so worried about how her boss was going to react to her accident, to the point where she was half-convinced she would be fired on the spot. She felt immensely thankful that Mrs. Wilkins had been so understanding about this whole situation.

“Thank you so much, Mrs. Wilkins,” Abby said gratefully. Not wanting to hang around in her mis-sized sweatpants in the middle of the lobby, Abby bid farewell to her boss before turning and heading outside to the car that awaited her in the parking lot. Inside, Abby sat back in her seat with her eyes closed as they sped off down the street, still half in disbelief at what happened. She could almost pretend it had been a bad dream. No amount of pretending could make her humiliation go away though, and she cringed at the idea of having to face her boss again tomorrow morning.

This had undoubtedly been the worst day of her professional career, and she couldn’t imagine how she would ever live this down. She hoped that someday she’ll look back on this and laugh, but that sure wouldn’t be anytime soon. But on the bright side, at least she’d gotten herself a half-day. And a free pair of sweatpants.

*042*2022-05-12 17:06

{{On 5/8/2022 at 6:22 AM, 大元帅 said:

Doesn't she need new shoes and socks?

}}

LOL okay you got me, I'll admit I got a little lazy with the writing towards the end, haha. I guess Abby will have to settle for being barefoot for the ride home lmao.

{{On 5/9/2022 at 2:33 AM, OmoMan111 said:

You, sir, have an incredible gift. Bravo! Can’t wait to see what you write next.

}}

{{On 5/9/2022 at 2:18 PM, Apan said:

Wow, just wow. Poor poor Abby. So frustrating, so despairing, so wet, so humiliating, but so hot. So unbelievably, incredibly, amazingly, scorchingly hot!

The one thing, and the only thing mind you, I could ever complain ever so slightly about is the fact that you didn't come up with the second ending first and vice versa, if only for experiencing the pleasure of reading the whole thing for the very first time with the catastrophic climax looming ahead. But when I noticed your story update, I just had to read the whole thing once again with the second ending and the suspense was still mounting throughout, especially as one couldn't really forsee exactly how things would turn out in the end anyway.

And kudos for not falling into the trap of making the alternate version more complicated than necessary. It was obvious that there was no room for any other outcome once arriving at the office, bar the first version with the vacant toilet, given that she clearly was on the knife edge by then. Trying to extend her holding even further would simply not have been realistic, so good on you there. Story of the year by a country mile, at least in the fictional section, and we've still got more than half of the year left. There, I said it!

(Unless you're inclined to report on a plausible future situation with Abby in her business habitat wearing that pencil skirt I suggested earlier in the thread. A long pencil skirt paired with pantihose means a lot of cloth that might get soaked due to unfortunate circumstances...)

}}

{{On 5/10/2022 at 3:25 PM, WiiGuy86 said:

This was incredible - both endings were equally fantastic and believable to me

}}

Thanks guys, your words are much appreciated.

Just wanna give a shoutout to all the comments from everyone, they were great and I loved the feedback. A big thanks from me :)

*044*2022-05-12 22:42

{{3 hours ago, Apan said:

Nah, she was obviously handed a pair of old trainers along with the sweatpants, you just decided they were not worth mentioning, right?

}}

Yes, I like this explanation, just a convenient little exclusion

{{3 hours ago, Apan said:

Not everything has to be spelled out in detail, especially since we were past the climax at that point.

}}

True, honestly I didn't really care what happened after the wetting, so I just threw something together for the ending lol.
