True Citizen

Author: kwamem

*000*2026-01-12 22:20

Disclaimer

All names / enterprises are fictitious, any resemblance to real ones is purely coincidental. All characters involved in adult scenes are of legal age. The story in no way hints at anything and is not intended to offend neither insult anyone.

The first 2 episodes don't contain any omorashi. It will start from the 3rd one.

S1. Prologue

A spacious home dining room. A young woman, a little over 25, stands at a wide table. The table is already set for breakfast. She grates cheese onto a plate and hums a tune. It sounds a lot like Bourrée from Royal Fireworks.

"Morning!" she hears a friendly male voice.

She looks up, and we see her up close: she's slender and very pretty. Her dark hair is cut short and styled into a neat bob. Her makeup is already done. But she's wearing only a thin, translucent nightgown, through which her dark red lace panties and bra are visible.

A young man in his 30s approaches her and kisses her on the lips. We see him from behind, but his face is invisible. He quickly puts on the jacket of his new suit and ties his tie as he walks.

"Good morning, darling!" she replies, smiling sweetly.

"What a shame I woke up late. You were absolutely incredible last night! After such a charge, I still want to sleep."

"Compliments? Oh, I'm pleased. I must admit, I felt very good too."

For a few seconds they simply look at each other, and her face becomes brighter and more pleasant. No doubts: she's crazy about him. Perhaps he is too. Suddenly, he busily fidgets with the hem of his new jacket and glances at his watch.

"I only have 15 minutes for breakfast. I don't want to be late. I'll be right back," he says, taking a step back toward the dining room door, but suddenly stopping and waving his hands. "Oh, right. It's Friday. Do you allow?"

She raises her eyebrows in surprise and shakes her head: "Slow down, honey. It's not just Friday. The last Friday of this fall."

He freezes in place. "Oh, no! No!"

He takes two steps back and backs toward the exit, then a step back toward her. He looks around, confused. He glances at his watch again. He seems to be panicking.

"Anni, please. At least let it be tonight, okay? I'm not trying to avoid it, but..." and he taps his finger on the face of his watch.

She shakes her head, sympathy for him on her face.

"I'm giving a lecture to an audience of 400 people late tonight," she explains. "So I'll be home almost at midnight. You know how important this event is to me. It'll be a serious dialogue about serious things. I can't allow myself to dance there like I am now."

He looks under the table and sees her slender legs bending and unbending, her heels bouncing up and down with impatience.

"Hmm," he says, sounding dejected and confused. "This is a bummer. I can't be late today."

She is adamant and kindly insistent.

"Breakfast is very tasty, but you could have taken it with you. Understand, darling, I suffered all night for this."

He quickly takes off his jacket and shirt and heads to the bathroom.

"We're not going to the bathroom. I'm afraid I'll slip like last time," she stops him.

"Anni, my dining room is not the most suitable place."

"Our dining room. Why not? It needs cleaning anyway."

He grunts in displeasure, then glances at his watch again. He finally complies and lies face up on the floor. She comes over and stands over his body, so we still don't see his face.

"Closer to me," she orders.

He puts both hands back and braces himself against them, his head now at the level of her knees.

We see her upskirt from the guy's perspective. She throws off her shirt. A tiny wet spot is visible at the bottom of her panties.

"Wow! I see you really held it all night," he remarks.

"I'm grateful you noticed. It happened here this morning, when I turned on the water. And you'd like to punish me for it, wouldn't you?"

As she speaks, she removes her panties, and then her legs continue to move and rub against each other. She takes one step, and her legs land on either side of his chest. He sees her bulging belly, her cleanly waxed crotch, and her hips moving with impatience right in front of him. She exhales nervously.

"If you want to punish someone, you can leave me and join the program again," she tells, looking down at him. Her eyebrow is raised, as if waiting for his reaction.

"I'd love to go there again. If only with you."

"Let's discuss this another time. So we start. Is it convenient for you now?" she asks.

"Not very".

"It's okay. It won't last long."

He glances at his watch again. Then his gaze focuses on her legs, slides up, and stops for a moment at her intimate area. Then further up, and he looks into her eyes.

"You said leave you? No way. I love you, Anni."

___________________________________________________________________

True Citizen

S1. E1. Decision.

... One year and two months ago ...

A scene from Sean Mermees's television talk show, familiar at first glance and quite popular. Applause is heard. Anni sits in the guest of honor chair and continues her speech.

"As far as I know, not a single student would want to include these fakes in their repertoire. I'm not just talking about my students personally, but all the students in our colledge. And I never tried to persuade them, even just to try; I understand their motive. This kind of pieces, etudes, sonatas — all of it is so unnatural that it evokes a revulsion toward music as such."

"But what you're saying sounds like a matter of taste," Sean jumps up in his chair. He's provoking a discussion about something he learned about a couple of days before filming. "People used to dislike symphonic jazz, or kraut, and the like."

"You're trying to confuse me, but it won't work. I suggest we don't confuse the important with the secondary. Exotic trends will always exist. Incidentally, I have great respect for them and can even tell you about some of them, very fascinatingly and interestingly."

More applause. Sean nods, laughing, and comments, "That was a little self-promotion. Just in case, Annika Lass, composer, musicologist, and vlogger, is with us."

"And a piano teacher," adds Anni. And she continues.

"Experimentation in music is always welcome. But now we're dealing not with experiments, not with exotica, but with a total pollution of musical feeling. It's total and, God forbid, irreparable. This garbage is pouring down on us from every radio station. No one even tries to filter it."

"But should someone?" Sean persists.

The focus widens and we discover that it was a TV broadcast on a large LED panel.

Anni is sitting on the sofa in her apartment next to a massive, respectably dressed man and his wife, a well-groomed woman of about 40, no less respectable.

“So should someone?” the man repeats the question, turning to Anni.

"I'm not a supporter of censorship, Kaspar," she replies, offended.

"But that's exactly what it looked like," Kaspar nods towards the television.

"It's a poorly edited talk. I'm sorry it came out that way. I wanted to get the point across that people are killing their own musical talent. Children who listen to generative melodies are permanently traumatized. And I feel sorry for them."

"Have you ever thought about how to convey this message more positively?" asks Kaspar's wife. "So that no one mentions censorship."

"Probably, yes. Giving the green light to non-commercial teams. Underground ones, for example."

Kaspar's wife shrugs. "Sounds reasonable. But how do you protect yourself from mistakes?"

They sit in the dining room and drink wine for a long time and talk about something.

Then the guests get ready to leave. Kaspar returns to the conversation.

"Giving the green light to talented guys and the red light to generative music enthusiasts. It sounds simple, like all genius," he says with a hint of sarcasm. "All that's left is to find someone who will give those lights."

"Well, it could be some Citizen. For example, you, Kaspar," Anni replies.

"I'm a businessman first and foremost, and that's the main thing. I'm on your side, but I understand other businessmen too. And as for the right Citizen, I think I know a role model. Although he's not exactly from your world. This guy was recently an athlete, and now he's peddling healthy lifestyle ideas for everyone. His ideas are somewhat similar to yours. He's against generative trainings. Those are the ones that are effortless and painless."

"I know what it's like. And I'm against them too. When I go to the gym, I try to suffer there."

"By the way, I can introduce you. His name is..."

"Kaspar!" his wife interrupts. "Anni is a young, unmarried girl. What are you trying to do?"

Anni looks embarrassed and smiles reservedly.

___

Anni sits next to a black piano and listens to her student learn new material.

We don't see the student in the frame. We see only her, a close-up of her face. Now she's thoughtful and enlightened.

"You know, I saw you on TV," says the young guy's voice. He suddenly stopped playing.

"Yeah? Well, okay. So what would you say?".

"You said that generative music is garbage. But what if once in a hundred years something is generated? Something so... so brilliant that... I don't know, Mozart would shit himself."

She winces at the absurd wording, but doesn't get angry.

"A hundred years is such a long. I'd get tired of waiting. I suppose you would too. You'll compose something much better sooner. If you learn and don't be lazy."

"Oh, oh. You're about work again," he sighs.

She smiles condescendingly. Then she says sternly: "Go on. Not to talk, but to work."

A music, jagged and glitchy, plays again.

___

Anni is on a treadmill in a huge gym. She's wearing a tight top and leggings. She's in a great mood. Only the occasional flicker of her face hints that she's already working out on her second wind. Her wristwatch displays the title of the current track: "Live Techno" by Venni Lipsitz. We hear melodic drum-n-bass with keyboards playing through her headphones. Then the music fades away as a phone call sounds, and she taps her right ear with her finger.

"Hello!" it is Kaspar's voice. "Can you talk?"

"Yes, I can."

"Are you in a hurry?"

"Yeah, for the record," she grins. "I'm on the treadmill. Speak."

"There's a vacancy on the board of the Department of Culture. This is breaking news."

"That's what I think, isn't it?"

"I'm not a mindreader, but it looks like that. I'm pretty sure you'd be interested. They're ready to talk, right today at 3pm."

She closes her eyes as if she doesn't believe that this is real.

"I'll be there. Where will you meet me?"

"Near the reception desk. Come a little early."

"Thank you, Kaspar." He ends the call. The same track plays again. Her gaze becomes dreamy and mysterious. At that moment, the treadmill kicks into high gear, and her face grimaces with effort, but she keeps running.

___

Anni and Kaspar are sitting next to each other in a spacious, round room. The walls are painted dark blue, and portraits of famous composers hang on them. Across from them sits an elderly woman wearing glasses.

"It's not a very lucrative position, you understand?" she asks Anni.

"Yes," Anni nods, "I'm interested for other reasons. My main income is different. And I was counting on part-time job. If that's possible."

"Yes, that's possible. Besides, most of the work will be remote. I'll have to come here occasionally to attend meetings on contentious issues. It won't take much time."

"Great," Anni nods, "It suits me."

"You will have one or two more professional interviews. But knowing who you are, I imagine this will only be a pleasant conversation for both parties." The older woman smiled.

Anni smiles back and nods her head.

"We just need to agree on the terms of the employment contract. I assume you're already a Citizen, correct?"

"No," Anni's mouth falls open, confused. "Not yet," she adds hesitantly. She turns her head toward Kaspar, who looks at her guiltily.

"I thought part-time position doesn't require citizenship," he tells the woman.

"Huh. Where you get such unusual thoughts, Kaspar?" the woman shrugs.

Anni looks at her in confusion and feels stupid, almost embarrassed. She gets up from her chair and slowly turns towards the exit.

"Are you just leaving, Anni? We're very interested in you. Do you have any preconceptions about citizenship?"

"No. I just didn't have plans for that," Anni answers quietly.

"For your personally, we are prepared to reserve this position for as long as necessary, within reason, of course. I will contact you to confirm your decision."

Anni looks at her, confused, but now inspired. Then she nods silently in agreement.

___

A dark room in her apartment, lit by a desk lamp, sits in front of her computer screen, reading the website of the government program "True Citizen." She doesn't read aloud, but we hear her inner voice.

A little history. The ideas underlying the concept of Deserved Citizenship or True Citizenship have long been known. But about thirty years ago, at the beginning of the 22nd century, public sentiment in Europe evolved and transformed these ideas from utopianism into a tangible concept. Globally, this process is only just beginning, and we, the authors and curators of the "True Citizen" program, believe this path is inevitable for all countries, and we are proud to be at the forefront of this progress.

You are certainly aware that amendments have recently been made to the fundamental law of our state.

Now, if you were born in the country or have lived here for 10 years, you acquire the status of Resident. With this status, you have most of the civil rights of former citizens: to work, business, free movement, property protection, legal protection, and so on. But now, only by becoming a True Citizen do you gain full rights and responsibilities. You can work in government departments at all levels, become an officer in the army, the police, to mention the secret services as well. Only as a True Citizen can you be elected to government bodies, including even the Supreme State Council.

It's important to remember that Citizens differ from Residents not only in having an attestation certificate and a fancier ID card. Citizens possess civic vision, and this is the most important thing. With such vision, you will be able to distinguish between the interests of individuals, as well as of social groups, communities, corporations, and the state. And you will be able to legally defend these interests.

The True Citizen training program includes a comprehensive set of theoretical courses, which are freely available on our website. Candidates are encouraged to spend time studying this theory before applying for certification. Finally, candidates must be both mentally and physically prepared. Therefore, the Citizen certification includes exams in physical fitness, orienteering, and basic military training. Of course, depending on your health, you will face tests of varying difficulty at the certification camp. Don't forget to provide official health certificates.

While her inner voice echoes, we watch her progress through the following weeks. She trains intensively on the treadmill and on weight machines. We see her home computer screen, where Anni trains with an AI assistant: English language courses, national history, fundamentals of law, logic, and philosophy.

Finally, we see Anni in front of her monitor. She's filling out an application for the government-funded "True Citizen" certification camp. Her raised hand hovers over the keyboard and finally presses the "Submit Application" button.

*003*2026-01-14 20:52

S1. E2. Some kind of joke

Anni is sitting in a large hall with about 1,000 other people. The program's curator is addressing them. That woman seems to be talking about the same thing as the website, only in a little more detail.

...Depending on your health, you will face challenges of varying difficulty. Don't forget to provide official health certificates.

So, your plan for the next month looks something like this.

Week 1 and 2. Introductory lectures on humanities: English, native language, national history, philosophy, logic, fundamentals of law.

Week 3. First aid basics, team building, orienteering. Then, physical and military training.

During the course, you must pass exams and practical tests with a score of at least 75%. Five exams or tests of your choice.

And finally in the Week 4. Civic vision and behavior training. A dedicated coach will help each of you remember what this means and practice it.

Question from the audience: “And this ... so-called civic vision, does it require some kind of exam?”

"It'll be much more challenging. There'll be continuous testing, like a knockout game, throughout the entire fourth week. Additionally, during that week, you can retake exams in other subjects, for example, if you missed one or had a poor result."

The same person from the audience: "What kind of knockout game? Can you tell us more?"

People in the hall look at each other uneasily.

The female curator silently takes the papers from the table, says goodbye and leaves, as if she had not heard the question.

___

Venni Lipsitz's "Kite" is playing, a fast atmospheric trance. We see the camp from a bird's eye view. The camera flies across the grounds, sometimes descending onto neat paths and lawns, sometimes soaring high. On one of the paths, Anni hurries from one lecture to the next.

We see that she's enthusiastically embraced the certification process. The first three weeks are going quickly and intensely.

We see Anni sitting in a logic lecture and trying to grasp the topic.

"The implication operator, intuitive at first glance, turns out to be not exactly the same as what we might imagine in everyday level...", says the lecturer.

"Hey!" she hears a whisper to her right. A young guy with wavy blond hair sits next to her.

"My name is Bergh. What's yours?" he asks.

"Annika".

"Listen, Anni, is it true that the logic and philosophy exam will be joint?" he asks.

"I think so," Anni replies.

"But this is just nonsense. Putting Machiavelli, Locke, and the following operator in the same category. Don't you think?"

She looks at him carefully, as if wondering if he is normal at all.

"You know, it's hard for me to judge this. I'm unlikely to become an expert in this field."

He nodded and they sat for a while, listening to the lecture and making notes in their notebooks.

"What field will you become an expert in?" he suddenly asks.

“Music theory,” she replies shortly and returns to her notebook.

The lecture ended. On the way out of the hall, Bergh catches up with Anni and tries to impress her.

"You know, as a philosopher, I'm still a bit uneasy about this new law. I mean dividing the country's residents into citizens and non-citizens. Yes, but don't be surprised; I'm a philosopher by profession. I have several publications, and in the next few years, I'll receive my doctorate."

"My respects," Anni responds politely.

"In my opinion, everyone should have been made citizens. And if they wanted to limit the number of citizens, they could have stripped those who weren't worthy of citizenship. For example, criminals. And what's happening now? They're creating a blue-blooded aristocracy out of thin air. What if someone can't answer the question about that stupid sequencing operator?"

"Implication operator," Anni corrects politely.

"Well, yeah, infiltration ... or insinuation," Bergh either deliberately distorts the terms or refuses to remember them on principle. "And because of this kind of nonsense, a decent person won't get the right to decide important issues in the country. You know what I mean, right?"

"Not quite. What does blue blood have to do with it? Understanding formal logic isn't hereditary. But it can be learned. It's not that difficult a topic; even I managed to grasp it."

"Logic is just one example. Generally speaking, all people should be equal in public affairs. But here they are assigned certain statuses."

"If you're against statuses, then why are you trying to achieve that status for yourself?" Anni smiles slyly.

"As a philosopher, I take a broader view of this issue. I believe that, over time, injustice in society will diminish. But this doesn't happen on its own. We'll need people, high-status people at that, who make decisions but also share ideas of justice."

She nods her head politely. She doesn't seem impressed much by this guy.

"Yes, you have interesting thoughts," she says at the crossroads. "Well, my path is this alley, to the right. Bye-bye."

___

Anni, dressed in a tracksuit, stands on a wooden platform mounted on the trunks of tall trees. A 10-meter-wide chasm lies before her. Carabiners with safety ropes are attached to her belt. She wears gloves. She holds the safety rope with both hands. Occasionally, she glances down and sighs deeply. On the other side of the chasm, members of her orienteering team are watching her; they have already conquered this obstacle. Two young men stand on another platform and wave supportively.

"Anni, you can do it! Take the first step. Don't look down!" one of them shouts.

"Denis, I'm trying. But I'm starting to feel dizzy," she shouts back.

"Raul, we're going to lose her. What should we do?" Denis asks his friend.

"Anni, you're going to do it now. Trust me," Raul steps onto the rope and walks back toward her. Before he reaches the platform, he holds onto the safety line with one hand and extends his other hand to her.

"Come on! Be brave! Give me your hand! Right now!" he shouts.

Anni closes her eyes, extends her hand to him and takes a cautious step onto the rope.

Raul quickly moves her hand to the rope and commands: "One step forward."

Anni takes another step.

"One more step, Anni!" the guy shouts. She takes another step.

Having reached the other side, Anni sits down on the ground and clutches her head.

"Are you okay?" Raul touches her shoulder.

She lifts her head and breathes heavily: "Yes, I'm okay. But never again. Never again."

"Time. We're moving on," Raul extends his hand to her, and Anni rises to her feet.

___

Anni, wearing military camouflage, stands next to a metal table, assembling and disassembling an automatic rifle.

"Number 4," the instructor looks at her in surprise. "65 seconds."

"Number 18," the instructor says, looking at a slender, fit man in his 50s, with graying temples and a shaved head to hide his bald spot. "Also 65 seconds. We have two leaders!" he announces, continuing to record: "86 seconds, 101 seconds, . . . "

"We're making another attempt!" he shouts, "Get ready. Launch!"

"Number 18. 66 seconds!" the instructor announces.

"Number 4. 67 seconds!" Anni shakes her hand and winces in pain. She's pinched her finger, otherwise she would have left that older guy behind. She notices him looking at her with unexpected interest.

A mobile 50-meter shooting range. The same instructor. Anni lies on a canvas mat and takes aim with her rifle.

"Three shots. Ready! Fire!" the instructor commands. A few seconds later, loud clicks are heard.

We see a line of people in identical camouflage uniforms. Anni, at 172 cm tall, stands somewhere in the middle.

"Annika Lass! 48 out of 60!" the instructor announces. We see a close-up of Annika's face, her expression unfazed. She doesn't seem to realize she has the best score.

"Arthur Sepp! 45 out of 60!" the instructor announces. There's a close-up of Arthur's face; he turns his head briefly to glance at Anni. Then he does it again.

Arthur spots Anni as she leaves the locker room. "Hello! Are you one of the Dark Snakes?! Did I guess right?"

Anni frowns: "Dark Snakes. Who are they? No, I'm on my own. I'm a pianist, actually."

Arthur raised his eyebrows in surprise. "I'm delighted with your result! Congratulations. I'm Arthur." He extended his hand to her. She shook his hand in return.

"I'm Annika."

"Have you been training to shoot since you were a child?"

Anni is very surprised, although she is pleased to hear it.

"You know, I confess, I've never held a gun in my hands. See, I even scratched my finger." She shows him the abrasion on her thin index finger.

"You're kidding me," Arthur doesn't believe.

Anni shakes her head. "It's true."

Arthur pretends to be very serious, even scared.

"Hey," he says quietly, "You're a dangerous thing! What would happen if one gives you a rifle for even one day?"

Anni smiles shyly and looks away. She feels deeply embarrassed that someone who looks like a professional is praising her for this accidental success.

___

It's dusk. Lanterns are lit along the camp's alleys, and popular music is playing. We see the illuminated sign of the "Sardeen" bar, decorated with colorful garlands. Anni approaches the door, looking around for anyone she knows. Finding no one familiar, she goes inside. It's crowded and noisy, like a real club. Young men and women are dancing on the dance floor. Anni approaches the bar and orders a cocktail.

She stands near the bar stall with this cocktail, pensive and so beautiful.

A young couple, also around 25, appears next to her. They're drinking beer and chatting. The girl speaks loudly to be heard over the music.

"I can't believe it. It feels like I just arrived here yesterday. But it's already been three weeks!"

"They say this bar will be open every day next week, not just on Sundays."

"Oh really? We will take a blast every day?"

"I'm not sure. There are all sorts of rumors about next week. It might happen that I won't be able to come here at all. Sorry, but I need to ...", the guy looks around for the restroom and leaves.

The girl, bored, looks around and suddenly notices Anni. She stares at her as if she were some kind of museum exhibit.

Anni looks down. She's already used to being recognized in public places.

"Annika! Hello!" the girl exclaims.

"Good evening!" Anni answers politely.

The girl looks at her in surprise. "You didn't recognize me? Nightingale School. Remember?"

Anni peers into her face. "Lena? Is that really you? What a meeting! Sorry, I didn't recognize you."

They hug like old friends.

"Of course. It's been more than ten years. If it weren't for your videos, I wouldn't have recognized you either."

They chat and smile at each other, their words lost in the sounds of the dance floor.

"I heard there's a graduation ball next Sunday. For those who stay," says Lena.

"Yes, it's written on their website. I brought a black dress for it. I'm going to waltz, if I'm lucky," Anni says.

"Wow! That's great! And I brought a minidress. I doubt you'll find a waltz partner here. Even for tango or salsa, I doubt you'll find anyone. Just look at the dance floor."

Anni turns her head toward the dance floor. There are a lot of guys there, but not a single one who could be called a dancer.

"If I have to, I can dance a waltz by myself," Anni says. They both laugh about it.

“Also, I'd mind finding a boyfriend here,” Lena admits.

"Are you alone now?"

Lena shrugged and nodded: "Yes. Almost. What about you?"

"I'm really alone. I have so many worries right now, I don't even want to think about it."

"How many exams did you manage to pass?"

"Just national history and philosophy. Oh, and military training. Imagine, I ended up being the best in my class in military training. It was incredible! One who looked like a military man, said so many nice things to me afterwards that I wanted to disappear."

"I only passed English," Lena complained. "I'm not sure I'll have time for the rest. By the way, do you know what's in store for us next week?"

Anni shrugged. "Nah. So do you?"

"I've only heard rumors. They're so outrageous that I don't believe them. I think the administration is deliberately spreading this nonsense so no one can guess what's really going to happen."

"Top secret information!" Anni frowned sarcastically.

They both laugh again. The music gets even louder.

