Dawson's full bladder ultrasound

Author: Karly_cr

*000*2024-02-02 07:48

Dawson woke up later than usual because his alarm didn't go off, he quickly got dressed and ready for the day, he then grabbed a 2 liter bottle of water and a 1 liter bottle of water and headed out the door to his car, as soon as he got in his car he opened the 2 liter bottle of water and chugged it. Dawson then began the 5 minute drive to the small town ultrasound clinic that was just a repurposed house. When Dawson arrived at the clinic he was feeling a very slight urge to pee, he quickly grabbed his 1 liter bottle of water and got out of his car, hurrying inside.

Once Dawson was inside he went to the receptionist desk, "HI, I'm here for my full bladder ultrasound appointment" Dawson said, noticing a slightly stronger urge to pee but nothing he couldn't hold. "Alright, fill out this sheet and then I will notify the ultrasound technician that you are here" the receptionist said in a very monotone voice. Dawson filled out the sheet and handed it back to the receptionist and then sat down, Dawson then chugged the last 1 liter bottle of water, while Dawson was sitting in the waiting room he noticed two bathrooms, one was a patient bathroom and the other one was staff only, he also noticed that the patient bathroom was out of order.

After waiting for 10 minutes a heavily pregnant ultrasound technician called his name and motioned for Dawson to follow her, as Dawson stood up to follow her he suddenly felt a moderate urge to pee. Dawson followed her into the ultrasound room, Dawson and the ultrasound tech entered the room and she locked the door behind her. "Unbuckle and lower your jeans and underwear to just below your hips, take your shirt off and hop up on the table for me" The ultrasound technician said as she prepared the ultrasound jell, ultrasound probe and computer.

"Okay" Dawson replied as he removed his shirt and lowered his pants and underwear, Dawson also noticed a TV on the wall across from the bed, "ma'am, what is the TV for?" Dawson asked curious. "I can project the ultrasound images onto the TV, do you want to see your full bladder?" The technician asked. "That would be really cool" Dawson replied. The technician applied ultrasound jell to the probe and all over Dawson's lower abdomen.

"OH, I never told you my name, it's Keshia" She said, smiling. "Keshia, got it" Dawson replied, smirking. Keshia placed the probe on Dawson's bladder area and pressed down, Dawson's semi full bladder appearing on the ultrasound computer and TV. "Your bladder is nowhere near full enough for me to see what I need to, I may have to make you reschedule" Keshia said sternly as she removed the probe from Dawson's bladder area.

"Wait, if you give me time, it will fill up more" Dawson replied. "Alright, I will set a timer for 1 hour, if you aren't full enough by then you will have to reschedule" Keshia replied as she set a 1 hour timer on her phone, unlocked the door and left the room, leaving Dawson all alone. Dawson's pulled out his phone and began to watch YouTube as his bladder filled and his need got worse. After 1 hours Keshia walked back into the ultrasound room to find Dawson, bladder bulging up to his belly button, sweating and a large wet patch on his crotch. Keshia was surprised by the size of his bladder bulge, she couldn't help but admire.

"You look like you're ready to flood, let's try again" Keshia said, turned on by the predicament Dawson was in. Dawson could do nothing but whimper and groan. Keshia reapplied more ultrasound jell to the probe and Dawson's lower belly, as soon as the jell touched Dawson's bladder he gripped the side of the bed and squirmed. "Here we go, you can hold it" Keshia said as she placed the probe on his stretched, aching, bulging, hard as a rock bladder, Dawson's whimpered and tensed up hard. "Holy fuck, I have never seen such a full bladder, you're so strong, I would have exploded by now" Keshia said, smiling wide. The sheer size of Dawson's bladder took up almost the whole computer screen, on the TV screen it looked like a big black void, Dawson's muscles were fighting like hell not to release the flood. Keshia began to measure the size of Dawson's bladder.

(Part 2 coming soon)

