Astrid Hofferson's wet training

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-07-22 23:27

It was another cold day at the Berk. It was summer, but even during this period of time it was still very cold and windy in there. Normally most of the people would want to get warmer. However, when you live in there for very long time it doesn’t feel so cold in there. That’s why Astrid wasn’t wearing any clothes while sleeping. She was really resistand to coldness, so Astrid was sleeping like this for almost whole year, wearing something only when she was ill.

When Astrid was a kid she was often wetting her bed. Everytime Astrid has done it, her father would take her quilt for the next night, even during freezing winter. That’s what made her so resistant to coldness. After some time she has stopped wetting her bed.

Sleeping completly nude has led to some problems. Being a dragon rider would mean daily morning trainings. Sometimes, when she overslept someone was sent to wake up her. Waking up Astrid wasn’t too easy task, she was sleeping very deep. Usually when someone new was waking her up (Hiccup would sometimes send first found young villager to her. He has never before walked to wake up Astrid himself) they were taking off her quilt after screaming hasn’t worked. Astrid almost killed first person who has done it with her battleaxe which she always has next to the bed.

This day, in the morning Astrid overslept another time. Hiccup decided to wake her up this time himself. He went to her house and went to her bedroom. He was there few times already, so he know exacly where was each room. Hiccup noticed her sleeping in bed. He looked at her. She looked so cute while sleeping.

„Hi Astrid, it’s time to wake up” He said, not too loudly. After noticing that it had no effect he added „C’mon, we have a training today”. After a while he heard Astrid muttering something.

Astrid was muttering because she had a very weird dream. Before sleeping she drank a lot of water. She usually drinks just a little and still wakes up with a full bladder. In her dream she was in the situation from some time ago, straight after coming back from the dragon Island with team where she wet herself in front of Hiccup. She was standing nude in front of everyone from the team. Astrid quickly realised that she had full bladder.

„Where is the toilet?!” She screamed.

„Oh, you are about to piss yourself, aren’t you?” Said Ruffnut, and started holding her crotch.

„Just tell me where the toilet is!” Begged Astrid.

„Oh no, I can’t hold it anymore!” Screamed Ruffnut, imitating Astrid. This time she was naked. After few seconds she began to pee. „Ohhh sweet relief” moaned Ruffnut. „Don’t you also want to relief yourself?” Said Ruffnut, now standing in a giant pee puddle. She came closer to Astrid and peed a bit on her leg. Astrid’s face went red.

„Stop it!” Screamed Astrid and leaked. Fislegs, Hiccup, Snotlout, Tuffnut and Ruffnut, who was still peeing, were all saying „Let it out” repeating. When Astrid was about to let it all out, she found herself standing on a ladder, next to a dried waterfall. It looked like there was no rain for quite a while. Climbing up the ladder with full bladder was pretty hard. It took Astrid a longer while to get to the top. She looked around and saw giant version of herself, sitting there completly nude with spreaden legs. It was the moment when Astrid muttered about having to pee very badly not only in her dream but also in real life. She looked at the giant version of her. It clearly had to use the toilet. Astrid leaked. The giant also leaked. Seeing the pee flowing out of her, Astrid just gave up, she started peeing right where she standed. She only saw the gallons of pee flowing, forming a waterfall.

Hiccup looked at Astrid. He quickly noticed that her quilt was getting wet. Hiccup quickly got it off her. He was shocked to see Astrid nude, wetting her bed. She instantly wake up.

"Hey, what's going on, why I'm so wet?!" She asked Hiccup very angrily. Then Astrid realized, that She was now standing up completly nude and that She was peeing. Astrid's face quickly got red. She has put both of her hands on her breasts to cover them. Astrid thought that it was pointless to try holding it, so she wasn't covering her pussy.

"Umm you've started peeing yourself asleep. I've came here to wake you up…" Said Hiccup trying to not look at her pussy.

"Okay, I'm awake… Thank you for waking me up…" She said, still peeing. Hiccup went out of her house pretty quickly. Astrid was very emberrased. She haven't wet her bed since a few years… And she has done it in front of her love…

Part 2 coming soon.

*004*2019-08-14 00:06

Astrid stand up and looked at her bed. It was completly soaked. She had to tidy it up after the training.

"Well, I have a lesson to not drink so much before sleeping" thought Astrid and laughted. She looked down at her legs - They were very wet, even after most of the pee came down to the floor which resulted in forming a small puddle.

"Guess I'll have to wash myself before training. I know I'm late but I can't train like this." She said to herself, took a towel and went to the small pond next to her house. Astrid always used it to wash herself, it was hidden pretty well, so no one interrupted her. The pond itself wasn't too big. Seven people could have enought space to stand with spreaden arms. The trees around it were pretty close to each other, only in one place, which Astrid used as entrance, there was enought space between them to walk in. She always used dragon's plasma before going into it to warm it up.

While washing herself, Astrid was thinking about her ability to hold pee. She was always good at holding it, but was she good enought? What if she really had to pee during fight? Or worse, what if she peed herself during one, decreasing her fighting abilities? She couldn't let any accidents like this happen again. If it happened during any mission with camp involved, she couldn't get another bedsheet or wash herself. By this Astrid decided. From today she is going to skip every toilet break during trainings to increase her holding ability. No using toilet no matter what, even if she was going to pee herself in front of everyone. Astrid also decided to drink more than usually before going to bed. She also decided to not tell anyone about her decision.

The bath took seven minutes in total. Astrid quickly got out of the pond, wrapped towel around herself. After entering house she quickly dried herself, put on light blue socks, her tighest white panties, spiky skirt and white-blue shirt with no bra. She wasn't wearing too warm clothes - sitting on a dragon really warms you up. Astrid quickly went to the training place. When she arrived it already started. Astrid quickly sat on her dragon and started flying behind the rest. During trainings they were supposed to fly throught tiny spaces, gliding, dodging balls and fire to inscrease their reflex. No one said even a word about her coming late.

After over a hour they had a break for eating breakfast. Their first part of training was always before breakfast, so they were ready for critical situations. Snoutlout and Hiccup made sandwitches and chickens. Astrid always liked breakfast after training. It was so satysfying to eat and drink after being hungry, thirsty for so long. She quickly drank 3 glasses of water, and few sandwitches. Some of them used toilet before second part of the training. Astrid obviously hasn't used it. During the second part they were training shooting accuracy. Not only by using dragons, but also by bows. Hour later they finished second part of training, third one was supossed to be 5 hours later. Astrid was worried. Usually tlnext part of training was in 4 hours. "I'm big girl, I can hold it" she thought.

Astrid headed back to home, but half way there, she was stopped by Hiccup. "Astrid, can you please follow me? I want to show you something amazing!" he asked her. Astrid agreed and followed him. Hiccup leaded her to his house.

"Look, I have designed new wing for Toothless. It's more comfortable, but I'm not sure if it's water proof. Maybe you want to come and test it with me?" he asked her.

"Okay, why not!" Said Astrid. She was happy that she can spend more time with Hiccup.

"Let's go then!" He said and took the new wing. "Toothless, c'mon!" He said to his dragon. Toothless followed him instantly.

After few minutes of walking they reached Hiccup's testing place - Waterfall. It reminded Astrid about her dream. She blushed.

"Uhh Hiccup..." She started to say. Astrid really wanted him to not think about her as a bed wetter.

"Yes?" He replied, while replacing Toothless' tail.

"You see, the incident during the morning, it was... Ugh, I drank too much before... Ugh, it usually doesn't happen... I mean, it never happens, of course, the point is that... I'm just not bed wetter ok?" She blew out of sudden. Her face was red.

"Astrid, I don't think that you are bed wetter. It sometimes happens, nothing to be ashamed of! To be true, it looked pretty cute when you started peeing..." Hiccup said. Astrid's face went even more red.

"You really think that it wasn't gross and all?" She asked him.

"No, not at all." He said. It cheered her up.

"Well... You've choosen beatiful place for testing. The water in this waterfall is so clear..." Astrid said, changing the topic.

"I come here pretty often. Have you ever tried the water from this waterfall? It's really good." Hiccup said.

"Oh, I haven't, let me try!" She said. Hiccup gave her glass and Astrid proceed to fill it up with water from waterfall. "Pretty tasty!" She said after drinking one glass and filling up another one.

After few hours of testing (Wings weren't working perfectly) and like 7 more glasses of water drank by Astrid, she really needen to use toilet. Only one hour was left until the last training, then she could pee.

"Oh wow, we were doing testing it for so long! It's dinner time already. You want to go with me?" Hiccup asked Astrid.

"Yeah, why not." Said Astrid, fidgeting. Her urge got really big, but she wouldn't stop holding it before last training.

When they've got to the big hall (In the village there was one, where were all announcements, bunker, breakfasts, dinners for everyone etc.) they sat at the corner. Astrid decided to not drink anything, to not make her urge worse. Hiccup brought four big steaks, two soups, big jar of water, two glasses and potatoes. The thing is, that the steak was very, very spicy. Astrid was very sensitive for this flavour, so it affected her even more. Finally she drank 5 glasses of water.

After a while Astrid was thinking what would happen if she just peed right where she sits. It could be amazing feeling of relief, but the humilitation would probably make it not enjoyable. Thinking about it made Astrid horny. When Hiccup went to bring back plates, she placed left hand in her panties and began fingering herself, very silently. Her face was red. She has never done something like that in public. The urge was making it even better. Then Astrid started feeling the latest glasses of water. Without thinking she stopped masturbating. As soon as she did, Hiccup came back. To her luck no one, including him saw her doing it. Astrid suddently felt her panties getting wet. She leaked. Her face went red even more.

"Astrid, why is your hand wet?" Hiccup asked, after seeing her left hand. Astrid looked at the hand shocked. Her pussy has never made so much wetness to make her hand so wet.

"Spilled my glass of water, and tried to catch it while it was falling" She said after a while of thinking.

"Oh okay. Well, we should go to the last part of the training." He said, looking at her hand suspiciously. Astrid tried to stand up, but leaked.

"I'll be there in a moment, come without me!" She said to Hiccup. He was good with it. "Now how do I sit up without leaking... Maybe if I hold it with my hand... Yes, it should work out." Astrid thought and done like it. She grabbed her crotch tightly and stand up. It worked. Walking to the training place was pretty difficult. She had to put hand in her panties few times to prevent leaking. After a while she got there. Her panties were a bit wet. When it was time to get on the dragon, there was a problem. She had to spread her legs in order to get one the dragon. It could result in huge wetting. Astrid did first thing which came to her mind. When no one was watching, she quickly put her whole hand in panties and started holding her crotch very tightly. Then she quickly got on the dragon. Somehow she managed to do it without leaking.

When they went into the air, Astrid noticed the final problem. Going up into the sky with spreaded legs made her leak, resulting in soaking her whole panties. She managed to hold it. Flying on a dragon was always pushing you up and down. It wasn't helping her in controlling it. During this part of the training, they were doing things like doing barrel rolls, blocking attacks etc. Astrid's saddle was made of leather which wasn't soaking. Few mines after training started, she leaked again. This time more. She was now sitting in a pee puddle. Shortly after that they had to do barrel drop. That's where things went bad.

When Astrid was upside down, pee puddle went down, soaking her shirt. It got so transparent that her breasts were visible throught it. Throught the rest of the training Astrid had one hand holding her crotch. She has leaked few times, but still hasn't let it all out. When Astrid was coming down her dragon, she had to spread legs. While doing it, she leaked a big stream. Then another. After a while, she lost control. Her legs started to feel nice and warm from the pee. Astrid moaned as more and more pee was going out, making her bladder emptier. After 2 minutes she was done. Her whole legs were now wet from pee. Under Astrid there was a big puddle. Then it came to her. She peed herself in front of her friends... But she quickly found a solution. Astrid took battle axe, and with clear voice said "Never talk about it, or I'll cut your head off."

"First tidy your puddle or you might slip on it!" Said Snoutloud laughting.

"Oh you little..." Said Astrid and started running to get him.

