The Game, a short story written by GPT-3 (Dragon model) via AI Dungeon.

Author: kruton

*000*2020-10-22 11:41

This was written by GPT-3 (Dragon model) via AI Dungeon. I've edited it to be properly formatted but did not change any words, although I did regenerate lines until I got something good. For some reason it decided when somebody needs to pee it makes their loins rumble lol. I could have changed it but I like the idea of loins rumbling.

There I was. Standing on a mound, in front of thousands of fans. The crowd was cheering loudly as I waved to them, soaking up their attention. All eyes were on me as I prepared to do what I loved. I was in the middle of a winning game when suddenly I felt a rumbling in my loins. Suddenly, I felt the sharp and painful need to urinate. I tried to hold it in, but as the rumbling became more painful and intense, I realized that I had to do something.

I looked to my team for help. They all looked back at me, awaiting my orders. I didn't want to anger them and lose their trust and respect, but this was an emergency. I ran to the edge of the field and called to the substitute, asking her if I could be let out.

She frowned at me as she shook her head no. "You'll just have to wait," she scolded. "You'll be out soon."

The pain was becoming unbearable, and I had no choice but to obey her. I cursed my luck and trotted back to the mound. Desperately, I tried to block out the pain, and throw the ball. To my surprise, I hurled it straight and true to the strike zone. The batter swung and missed, and I let out a sigh of relief. Perhaps I could do this after all. I wound up and pitched again, successfully hitting the edge of the strike zone, once, twice three times. By the time I reached the fifth pitch, the rumbling pain had returned. I tried to fight through it once more, but halfway into my motion I felt something give way down below.

I gasped in agony as the muscles down there relaxed, opening up to allow passage. I tried to hold everything in for the sake of the game, but I could not. A warm stream trickled down my leg, pooling at my feet. The smell was unmistakable. I looked to the crowd for their response and heard a mixture of laughter and applause. They knew what I had done. A player from the other team ran up to me and taunted, "What's wrong? Need a bathroom break?" I was too ashamed to respond.

I looked over to the substitute, but she had disappeared. Instead, I saw her standing by my coach. They were both laughing at me. The coach called me over and said, "Looks like you won't be finishing this game after all." My face burned with embarrassment as I hobbled out of the stadium to the bathroom. The crowd's laughter followed me the whole time.

