The Day My Life Changed Forever

Author: Kinglear07

*000*2020-07-12 02:06

(disclaimer: this story contains messing content, as well as pee. If that doesn't turn your crank, no hard feelings, have a great day)

This is a story about the day my whole world changed, and for the better. My name is Steve, and I openly admit I have a fetish. Peeing and pooing, specifically panty pee and panty poop, but diapers and pants are all included in this as well. Suffice it to say, if a woman has an accident, then I am all over it (in my mind)!

Up until this point in my life, I have never had an avenue to actually express this fetish other than through porn. I'm in high school, what do you expect? I'm not a creep, I'm not gonna go around and ask woman to partake, id be a social outcast in minutes. I like to think I'm a decent guy too. Not popular or anything, but I have friends and no one really gives me a hard time. But back to the story. This is about the day where all of this changed. When I woke up today, I had no idea that events would unfold as they did. But lo and behold, here we are. This is a story in multiple parts as well, so I hope you enjoy!

School today was like every other day ever. Wake up, drove to class, sat in class, saw my friends, ate lunch, yada yada yada. However, Today I had to stay after school to work on my media project on the schools computers. No big deal, I enjoy it anyway. Come the end of the day, I say goodbye to my friends and head to the media room to get to work. I had been at it for a few hours when I decide to go find something to eat. The high school is pretty barren after 5 pm, but there's ways kids staying this late either for tutoring, sports, theater stuff, or other class things such as myself. So I go walk around in search of a vending machine. And this is when it happens.

I start munching on my bag of overpriced chips I just bought when I hear someone coming around the corner. I turn my attention, and it's Milly, one of the hottest (and nicest) girls in school. However, right away I could tell something was wrong. As she turned down the hallways I was sitting on, right away I could tell something was wrong. She was running (more like fast walking) in an extremely awkward manner, with a hand holding her crotch, and the other on her butt. It was obvious she needed to use the restroom, but I had no idea what her plan was; there weren't any restrooms down this hallway!

To paint the best mental picture, let me exain some things. Milly is am extremely attractive girl. Beautiful black and brown hair, not fat by any means, but definitely not a stick either; wonderfully thick in all the right places. I have had a massive crush on her for years, but never did anything about it due to my focus on school and other things. I'm not sure about her life, but I know at least she's one of the more popular girls, was always very nice to everyone, and is generally band all around good person. On this particular day, she was wearing a plain black t shirt along with grey gotten leggings.

As she hobbled into my direction, we made eye contact. I could see the fear in her eyes, and suddenly my insides started to stir... Obviously my thought was that I could never get this lucky in my whole life, so I figured out I should help her out:

"Hey Milly, what's up? Are you ok?'

"Hey Steve... Um no, I really need to use the restroom. Have a good one!"

She kept walking (hobbling) and was about to turn the next corner.

"Milly you know there's no bathrooms down this hallway right?"

"What?? Oh shoot this is the 300 hall isn't it... UGH. I spent so much time in rehearsal for the upcoming play that I totally lost track of time! I guess that includes my sense of direction today too..."

"Oh man, I'm sorry! In any case, yeah the nearest bathroom is probably back the way you came, towards the theater"

"No that one is closed for some dumb reason, that's why I came all the way over here on the first place! And I... Heeeeyuuuuiugh... REALLY need to go now holy crap"

As I heard her talk I couldn't help but get excited over the prospect of her having a full on accident. However I still thought it was a pipe dream, even now; the next bathroom couldn't be more than a few minutes walk, even at hobbling speed in her case. But because I was so intrigued (and not a dick) I decided to ask her if she wanted me to go with to make sure she's ok

"Well hey Milly why don't I go with you? I know you know where it is but I can go check the next one faster, if there's something wrong with it"

"Sure, thanks Steve. Man I shouldn't have spent so much time in rehearsal, I honestly am not sure if I'm going to make it..."

My heart nearly exploded just hearing her say that

"We better hurry then, we don't want that!'

So we headed back in the other direction, and I had a moment to think as we got to talking. She looked so damn cute as she hobbled holding her crotch band butt. I really was hoping she wouldn't make it, but I would never tell her that. I honestly did try to help her get to the restroom, I'm not mean.

"So Milly how have you been? Is the play shaping up to be good?"

"Oh you know, the usual, same as everyone. And yeah the play is looking go.. OOOOOOOOH.. od. Sorry, this is looking really bad oh my God"

"Oh crap ok come on Milly we're halfway there"

"No Steve I don't think I can make it I thin-- HOLY shit I think a little pee just came out"

Milly was really hobbling now, she was taking the smallest steps in an effort to keep what was inside, inside her! I didn't want her to see but I tried to catch a glance, and saw a small wet patch peeking out from her crotch from behind. I was in heaven.

"Oh crap Milly just hold on, we're almost there!

"No Steve help me I'm loosing it, and I still have to-- have to go poop too... God please don't judge me for this..."

"No Milly I would never I'm here to help, just hold on!"

"Ohmygod no it's happening I'm peeing Steve help me help me oh my god--"

As she panicked, she really started to pee in earnest. I couldn't help but watch as the small wet spot grew into a patch that started in her crotch, flowed over her butt and ran down her legs. Her legs glistened too I noticed, as the flow continued. The relief was written all over her face, if only for a few seconds. Her grey leggings were now predominantly a much darker shade of grey. I instantly popped a boner, which I desperately tried to tuck into my waistband so she wouldn't see.

"Oh no.... Oh my God I can't believe that just happened. Stupid rehearsal, stupid bathroom being closed, and oh my God YOU'RE here, this is so embarrassing!!"

"Hey Milly it's fine let me help you I ca--"

"NO this is disgusting, just let me hobble to the bathroom alone before I shit myself, because I might..."

"Oh man you still need to go??"

"Yessss that was just half of it, I really need to poop so bad holy crap"

At this point I kept thanking my lucky stars that something like this was actually bhappening to me. Seeing one of the hottest girls I know actually piss herself was going to be the highlight of the year, but at this rate the moment might not be over!

"Oh this is just so gross, it ran all down my legs... "

"Hey hey hey, it's ok. Really, accidents happen, I totally get it. Don't worry, it's all going to be ok"

"Nooooo no no not at this rate Steve I'm gonna shit myself"

"We're so close, look there's the bathroom!"

"Oh HUUGGGHHHHHH God Steve I'm messing it's coming out oh my God it's coming out"

Milly had stopped in her tracks not 30 feet from the bathroom at the end of the hall. I was next to her when she seemed to buckle down and bend over when the worst happened. As she panicked, she turned towards the wall (presumably to hide her face from me in embarrassment?) Which gave me a near perfect view of her rear end. Right away she quickly sprouted a rather large bulge in the back of her leggings with an audible *crackle*. After the initial bulge quickly formed, Milly seemed to go for broke and just get the behemoth out of her. She gave a second push with a grunt followed close behind, making the bulge go from the size of an orange to a grapefruit. There wasn't much a smell, but mixed with the pee, you couldn't miss it from where I was standing. Once she was done, she stood there shocked in a daze.

"I... I'm... I can't..."

"Oh no Milly I'm so sorry, if I knew you were THIS close I could have run with you, or carried you or--"

"No no no no this can't be happening, and in front of YOU no less!!!"

I briefly paused to ponder on why she out so much emphasis on the "you" part in her less sentence, but before I could continue talking, we heard something coming from the end of the hall

"SHIT people are coming what am I gonna do??"

"Here come with me"

I didn't give her time to respond before I grabbed her arm and dragged her at a jog into the bathroom. As we ran in i caught a glimpse of some of her theater friends walking past, so it looked like I made the right choice. Once in the girls bathroom together, I quickly turned towards Milly, who was staring right at my crotch, which was still very much rock solid due to my being witness to my wildest dreams.

"Are you--"

I cut her off before she could finish that thought.

"It was some theater kids walking past, I'm glad I rushed you in here!"

"Wait, it was?? Good GOD I can't even think what would have happened if they saw me like this. Oh my God this is so disgusting..."

I couldn't help but notice a little bit of... Allure? Non-disgust? In her voice? I didn't question it, no wasn't the time.

"Well I think they were just going the other way, so you have time to clean yourself up in here, I'll leave you to it"

As I started to turn towards the door, she stopped me.

"Steve wait I need your help! I can... Dump most of this in the toilet, but even if my pants are destroyed I need to wear something out of here, and I don't have a change of clothes! Do you have anything I can put on or cover with, at all??"

Now I could tell she was back to embarrassed, because there was a hint of quiver and panic in her voice again, and I felt really bad for her.

"As a matter of fact I do, I have a hoodie you can wrap around your waist, but it's back in my locker. I'll go run and grab it while you clean yourself up, ok?"

"Oh my God Steve you're a lifesaver. I can't believe you have to see me like this and saw me shit and piss myself... Honestly I want to die, this is ridiculous"

"Stop it Milly everything will be ok, my hoodie is pretty big and you can just go straight to your car and go home"

"I didn't drive today, my car is in the shop, I had my mom take me to school. I was gonna get a ride home with one of my friends, but I sure as hell won't now! Will you give me a ride home by chance?"

"Absolutely Milly whatever you need, I just feel so bad for you, anything I can do to help!"

"Steve you are a saint, THANK you"

"Don't thank me yet, let me go grab my hoodie!"

And with that I turned heel and left the bathroom to go grab my hoodie. The entire jog to my locker and back was filled with incredible thoughts of what I just witnessed. I hoped to God that these mental images would never leave my head for as long as I lived. I was gone maybe 5 or 6 minutes by the time I got back. I called into the bathroom--

"Milly, you in there? I have my hoodie."

"Yeah Steve come on in, im as clean as I'll ever be, ugh gross"

I entered the bathroom just as she was pulling up her leggings over her ass. I had an incredible look at her plain white cotton panties for just a second, in all their wet and messy glory. It looks like she was able to empty everything out into the toilet, but was unable to much cleaning. Weather she couldn't or didn't want to, I did not ask, but the damage to her clothes bwas substantial. Her leggings still had the fresh pee marks running all the way from the front of her crotch to halfway up her butt, and most of the way down each leg. Also, her rear end had a sizeable brown stain as well. Once she resigned to her fate, she turned to me.

"These pants might be done for, I'll have to see if I can wash out these stains or not. Is that your hoodie?"

"Yeah, it's just a plain varsity hoodie, it looks plenty big enough to both cover your whole back and most of your front. Here."

I handed her the hoodie, and she tied a simple loop with the arms. She twisted it around a little, making sure that her legs were as covered as possible.

"Can you see anything back there Steve? It looks like my front is ok if I leave a sleeve dangling."

"Yeah your backside is covered, all I can see is a few dark marks down by your calves, but if we go quick I'm sure we won't see anyone."

She let out a long sigh.

"UUUUUUuuuugghhh... Ok, let's get this over with.

We walked out of the bathroom and back into the hallway. It was pretty late now, all that was left in the school were a few theater kids waiting to be picked up, and the lingering teacher and janitor. We walked quickly, making sure to check the corners for people before we went down another hall. I grabbed my things at the vending machine and in the classroom I was in, and I also snagged Milly's things from the theater. We safely made it out of the school and headed to my car, finally able to talk and breathe.

"Phew, we made it! Now we're home free, so to speak" I said with a chuckle.

"Steve you are an absolute blife savior, I have no idea what I would have done if you didn't help me out. This is quite possibly the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to me"

Her cheeks got extremely red as she said that, and I nearly died due to how cute she was. We reached my car, and we got in.

"Hey do you want your hoodie back? Or I guess, I should probably sit on it to keep your car seat clean... Which matters more to you?" She said with a laugh.

Me laughing back, "just go ahead and keep it on, I'm sure whatever happens to my old hoody will be nothing I can't wash out! Besides, you still need to get in your house!"

"Shit that's right, if my parents saw me like this they'd wonder if I was high or something... Steve I can't thank you enough--"

"Stop it Milly, I said already it's nothing, I'm glad to help"

"Even when it's a girl that shit and pissed herself!?" She said with yet another hint of allure that I couldn't quite be positive was there.

"Yes, even then! These things happen, I totally understand, its fine!"

"Well thank you Steve, I do really appreciate it, truly"

"Don't mention it!"

We drove the last few minutes to her home in relative silence, listening to music and making small talk about school. When we got to her house, she was about to get out when she suddenly stopped, and looked at me

"Give me your phone"

"What?"

"Just give it here!"

I gave her my phone, but I wasn't worrying at all-- she had on a big smile, and so did I.

"Here, I'm giving you my number. After all of this, I'd really like to talk to someone about this, and I'm not sure any of my friends would ever look at me the same, so you're the lucky winner!" She said with a very cute smile.

"Oh, thanks! Yeah I don't mind at all, I'll text you later and we can talk about it."

"You better!" She said as she opened the door to get out of my car.

She also had on a very sexy smirk, and my rattled brain couldn't even begin to think of the implications of that one.

She waved goodbye as she closed the door, and shouted out "see you in class!" As she walked to the door. I waved back and pulled away. On the drive back to my house, everything was a daze. Did today really happen? Did I really witness my crush piss and shit herself right in front of me? And now I have her number? Is anything real? All these questions floated in my head until I was suddenly home. As I walked in the door, I was about to text her when I realized, I am still extremely torqued and in dire need of release. Before I did anything else, some much needed me time was in order. Today was incredible, and I really hope some great days are in store...

Well I hope you liked my story! If I'm feeling up to it, I have some ideas for add-ons in the future! Please let me know your thoughts!

