Desperate Lover

Author: KikiKawaiiMe

*000*2017-08-11 18:23

(This story is entirely made up, as for the characters, so this does not apply to shows or books)

Diana and her boyfriend, Jonathan were always going on dates, all week at least 3 dates were up. Diana wasn't into omo at all and always used the restroom beforehand. Jonathan almost never went to the bathroom before anything. At lunch, they finally found a place behind the school to make out in private. Jonathan didn't need to go yet and they kissed normally.

Afterwards, Jonathan drank three water bottles at gym and started to feel a sting in his bladder. He figured it would be alright and he could hold it until the date Diana planned two hours after school. In the final period, Jonathan was getting pretty anxious, not being able to concentrate doing his work. Diana, who was across the room, noticed his desperation and whispered to her friend what was up. Jonathan couldn't control it anymore and asked the teacher if he could use the restroom. The teacher said no and said to him to never ask again. He was starting to calm down and did he work with one hand, using his other to hold on his bladder. Before the date he wanted to go so badly but he didn't have enough time to go.

Diana came to his dorm and they watched a movie. Diana was giving him a smirk, so they snuck into a small closet and kissed. Jonathan was definitely gonna wet himself if this continued any longer. He backed away and said "I have to pee", Diana just told him to hold it and pressed on his bladder to help him hold it in. Halfway through, he back away again, staggering upstairs, where the bathroom was. He was holding so bad and rushed inside the bathroom. He saw the toilet making him so much more desperate. When he was about to take off his pants, he accidentally spurted once, and then twice, and then three times. It did leave a tiny wet stain, but his need wasn't as bad. He went back downstairs and kissed Diana forcefully.

Then his need came back immediately and then he wet himself in front of Diana. He was humiliated and took some paper towels to clean it up and said i-I'm s-sorry. Diana went to him and then he realized, she had to go very badly as well. She started to pee, dampening her underwear and making a mess but once she realized it, she stopped peeing but still had to go even worse. She started holding her crotch when Jonathan rubbed it lightly and told her to just release it all just as he did. She moaned as she went even more. It felt so good having Jonathan rub her bladder. The next morning they both went to school with a full bladder, and a full smile next to each other.

The End

