Getting to work

Author: Kreed

*000*2019-11-10 17:22

Quick note: finally sharing another fic. Started this back in July only to finish it now. Enjoy and tell me what you think! On with the show now!

The large office building's door swung open as Chloe quickly paced in. She was quite the pretty woman. She was 27, on the shorter side, had rather light skin and a short, straight, brown bob cut, which made her look proffesional and sexy at the same time.

Her clothing consisted of a tight grey business skirt, ending slightly above her knees, a black pantyhose and a white blouse that beautifully wrapped around her voluptuous breasts. The sleeves of it were rolled up slightly on her arms.

She was also carrying her handbag on her shoulder as well as an overbearing ammount of pee in her bladder, bulging out of her skirt. She wanted to believe she did a good job hiding her need, but anyone could tell something was up with this lady. The clacking of her modestly-sized high heels against the fancy tiles of the floor echoed through the mostly empty office lobby, occasionally swaying off of her rhythm as her overflowing bladder sent spasms throughout her body, causing all sorts of squirming from the cute worker.

She reached the elevator and furiously, pressed the button, begging for its soon arrival. She stood with her legs tight together, as she was worried that even the smallest opening will flood her white lacey panties.

From the desk came the pretty receptionist's, Amber's, greeting. The contrast her dark skin and curly hair gave to the mostly white lobby deffinetly made her position perfect from an aesthetic point of view. Who wouldn't want to be greeted by this beautiful woman?

"Morning Chloe!"

"Oh, uh, h-hi hi!" She turned to face Amber and crossed her legs in the process.

Amber giggled a little.

"Firstly, you're really early and secondly, what's up? Did you forget to pee or something?"

"Not quite. My roommate got sick and spent the whole morning in the bathroom. I thought I'd just get here as soon as I can, though that might've been a mistake."

"How come?"

"I'm seriously bursting! I didn't know that traffic at this time of day was so bad!"

She pressed her right leg tightly against the left. She could feel the inside of her thighs getting sweaty.

Amber giggled once more.

"So you've been holding in all your night's pee?"

"And my morning coffee. I just couldn't do without it."

Amber was finding the situation humorous, as seen by her laughs. Truth be told, she thought Chloe looked cute standing there, squirming in front of her.

"I've deffinetly been there before too. Just reccently, in fact, I almost wet myself on the way home."

"Woah really? Uh, was it bad?"

"Lets just say it was an extra close call. Maybe I'll tell you the details over coffee some time."

"Ooooh... pleeaase don't even mention that!"

Amber laughed a little.

"Well your morning's been off to a good start. Anyway, your ride's here."

Chloe turned back. The elevatot doors opened and she waddled in.

"Good luck! I hope you make it to the finish line dry!"

"Th-Thanks!" Chloe sighed out with a short smile and giving a quick thumbs-up to Amber. Holding it all in was getting more and more energy-consuming by the second.

The elevator doors closed and it started climbing up to her floor. The sudden movememt sloshed the pee inside her swollen bladder, assaulting poor Chloe's nerves on all fronts.

"HNG-!" she yelped, as she felt a surge of pain from her abdomen that caused her lips to part and release a small trickle of urine out of her and into her white lacey panties.

Now with nobody around, she pulled up her skirt and held herself between her legs, pressing onto her pussy with all her might and pee-danced like her life depended on it. As she pressed on it, she felt how sticky her lips had become. This only made accentuated her need for release. The seal had been broken and the dam was breaking further.

10 more floors.

"Oh god, oh no, oh god, oh god!" she muttered to herself, beads of sweat dripping down her forehead, serving no good, only reminding her of all the liquid inside her. She could feel her hands getting wet with sweat, at least she hoped it was only sweat. Her wet panties clinged to her privates.

7 more floors.

"Shit, shit, shit."

If she wet herself, it'd be disastrous. Her skirt was grey. If it got wet, it would be impossible to not notice it. She couldn't come back to work anymore and look any of her colleagues in the eye.

Feeling her bladder slightly calm down, she removed her hands to inspect the damage on her panties. She rolled up her skirt and looked down at them. She was shocked at the size of the dark wet spot on them and the size of the enormous bulge of her bursting bladder as it pushed her skirt out. Knocking her knees together and stepping in place, she gently caressed it, feeling how hard to the touch her liquid vault had become.

Another leak came, this time ignoring her panties and dampening her pantyhose. This caused her to twist back up once more. Pushing her hands hard against her quivering womanhood and dancing around the metal box lifting her to the salvation she so desperately needed.

She unzipped the side of her skirt a little, revealing the side of her panties. She hoped her bladder bulge got more room to grow and it'll be easier to pull her skirt down later. The problem was, there was no way her vault could expand more. It had gone almost rock-solid. Chloe would reach the limits of its flexibility very, very soon.

4 more floors.

"Just a little more... just a little more. Please hold on just a little more!"

The sound of her high heels stepping on the metal floor, the sound her pantyhose made from her rubbing her legs against each other and her heavy, strained breathing resonated throughout the elevator. If you paid attention, you could almost hear the sound her sticky lips made, being constantly rubbed against each other and pushed on to.

She grabbed the railing on the wall for balance and lift her leg up, pressing it against the other, almost crushing her hand between her thighs.

"Fhuck.. I have to go so fucking bad."

1 more floor.

Depite how impossible it sounded, she had to compose herself. She gave her now wet pussy one last good squeeze before removing her hands and pulling her skirt back down. She uncrossed her legs, but still kept them close together. Her sphincter muscles were strained almost to the point of pain, as it was bassically the only thing keeping her night's worth of pee and morning coffee inside her.

The elevator arrived on her floor and she exited it. Before her was an open floor office room, but the bathroom was the only place she intended to go. With every step, her bladder sent strong pulses from her abdomen all throughout her body. She had composed herself earlier thinking someone else would be here, but she had arrived an entire hour early to work so her floor was completely empty.

She was thankfull for it and expressed her gratitude by pressing both her hands against the front of her skirt and resuming her peedance. She knew where the bathrooms were. From the elevator straight to the right was the door to the throne of her relief.

She was growing increasingly frantic. The sign for the ladies was right in front of her, almost taunting the poor woman's bladder, but she just couldn't move any faster. If she did, she'd completely piss herself. Her desk was right on the way to the toilet. She dropped her handbag on her seat. It fell off, but she didn't care. All she cared for was not exploding and keeping her bottom half dry. She strained all her muscles with every step. Her hands were back under her skirt, pushing into her exhausted pussy. The wet patch had grown enough that she was now sure her hands were wet from pee. She was getting teary-eyed as her clothes were growing increassingly moist.

"This can't be happening!" She said out loud through heavy breaths.

She raised her head up and rejoiced. The toilet was right in front of her. She was not gonna give up now. Channeling all her strength into her left hand, she squeezed herself shut as her right hand reached for the handle. She pulled. It opened. There it was. That what she litterally hadn't seen since yesterday: a toilet.

It was too much. She felt it all coming. The time for caution was over. She ran in, not even closing the door. Her zipper was already open so all she had to do was pull her skirt up. Without a second thought she did so, but in doing that she pushed it onto her bladder. It was as if a water balloon had gotten a hole poked into it because she started peeing full-force. A full-blown panic overtook her. She threw the toilet seat up, pulled her pantyhose and panties down and sat down in one swift motion while her stream had already started splashing down on the floor.

Finally. Relief at last. She blasted her stored up liquids into the toilet. Her bulge grew smaller and smaller as it deflated. The door was still open so a crashing roar could be heard all throughout the floor. Chloe herself could not care less. Her head was tilted back, eyes closed, her arms hung to her sides. She let out a long sigh as her face deeply blushed. All she cared for was that she made it. Sort of.

She wasn't done yet, but she started to assess the damage. She looked out the door and saw a trail of dark spots on the carpet. Without a doubt from her. The tile floor of the ladies' also had a small puddle from when she already began peeing. The carpet would dry and she could wipe the floor with toilet paper.

But then came the part she feared most: her clothes. She looked down. Her white lacey panties were soaked completely. They were still dripping drops of pee as her torrent crashed on and on in the bowl. Her pantyhose also had a wet spot that had started running down the insides of her thighs. Luckily her skirt was already up when she began peeing so there was no wet spot on it.

"Goddammit." Was all she said, though not in a sad tone. Rather, an annoyed one. You see, this isn't the first time Chloe had a close call in her adult life. At least this time it really wasn't her fault. She was used to this and had already began plotting how to cover up her tracks.

Her stream dwindled down to a trickle and soon ended. Chloe took a deep breath.

"Okay."

She wiped her womanhood, shivering slightly with pleasure as her privates were sensitive like they had been many times before in situations like these. She kept her skirt rolled up and took off her pantyhose and panties, dropping them into the sink. She got up from the toilet with her beautifull butt and slightly hairy pussy fully exposed, almost slipping as her naked feet splashed around her pee puddle. The fact that she felt a little light-headed didn't help her balance either. She flushed and got to work.

Chloe took a chunk of toilet paper and began wiping the floor. There'd still probably be a smell so she had to get creative. She wet the soap under the tap and rubbed it on the part of the floor where her pee had splashed down. Wiping it with toilet paper, she threw the chunk out.

Now her clothes. She ran her panties under the tap, washing them with soap and hoping for the best. Same with her pantyhose and shoes. Chloe was glad the ladies was also the warmest room that she knew of in the office. She left her clothes to dry on the radiator, praying that they'd be dry in time. She tried thinking logically. She arrived an hour early. Even when she arrived on time, the office was only about half-full. There was about 50 minutes till that.

Chloe rolled her skirt down, making sure there wasn't a wet spot. As she zipped her skirt back up she noticed how it got stuck at one point. She then left the bathroom and her clothes to dry. She headed to her desk. As she did so, she could feel the wet spots of the carpet on her bare feet, luckily the carpet was dark blue and the spots weren't really noticeable unless you squint really hard.

Another thing Chloe was glad of was the lack of security cameras. At least she couldn't notice any. So eithere there were none or security would have one hell of a show in store when reviewing footage.

Chloe sat down and began to wait. As she did, a new thought popped into her head, and a naughty one at that. Since there was nothing else to do, she went back to the ladies' room, deciding to act on her new urges while her privates were still sensitive and tingling. Just like before in situations like these.

30 minutes later Chloe was at her desk. Nobody still hadn't shown up yet, but she was growing nervous as it could happen any moment now. She decided to check up on her clothes so she went back to the ladies'. She also felt het bladder start to twinge, no doubt from needing to pee again.

Chloe entered the ladies' and first checked on her clothes. Her panties were still a little damp, but it'll do. Same with her pantyhose. She smelled her panties, hoping the scent of her urine wouldn't be strong. Luckily, it wasn't. She smelled her pantyhose as well and... nothing, for the most part.

Chloe decided to pee before putting her clothes back on. She unzipped her skirt, noticing again how it got stuck at one point. Luckily not for long. She rolled it up and sat down on the toilet. Her stream started flowing faster and with greater force than she anticcipated.

Chloe clossed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling of emptying herself again. A small blush even showed up in her cheeks. She didn't deny that she enjoyed peeing, but it just wasn't something you think about that much. Though, given how often she had a full bladder, it had been something that she sometimes thought about. Who does that though? What person would like the feeling of peeing?

She finished, wiping herself again and noting that it felt good again, and put her clothes back on. She stepped into her lace panties and slid them up her legs. She had to pull a little harder to get them over her butt, though that fact made her more happy than annoyed. She then sat down on the closed toilet and pulled her pantyhose over her beautiful legs and thighs, sliding her legs into them and pulling them up over her hips. A situation akin to the one with her panties occured. Chloe felt the same. She looked in the morror and fixed her hair up.

Stepping into her high-heels, she walked back out of the ladies'. As she sat back down at her desk, the elevator doors opened and a group of young male clerks entered, chatting among themselves and laughing. They noticed Chloe and greeted her. She smiled and did the same.

"What a start to a day." Was the last thing she said before turning on her computer and getting ready for another day of work.

*002*2019-11-10 17:50

{{5 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantasmic story

}}

Thank you very much! A continuation may or may not be in the works. Chloe's work day has only just begun after all ;)

