Dirty Laundry Looks Good on You

Author: KidIntheDark

*000*2017-05-29 18:23

Yuuri knows, in the deep, logical part of his brain, that he is being irrational. Logically, the few pounds since he’s gained since the off season started aren’t really a big deal. The biggest point to defend this is that Victor still lets him skate whenever he wants, no questions asked, and no resistance given to Yuuri’s requests.

However, the voice that keeps tracks of Victor and everything he does in regards to Yuuri is a little louder. He knows Victor is busy as of late, never being one to take a real break, but also knows that Victor hasn’t made him breakfast in fifteen days; hasn’t held him close in a week as of today, not even asleep. Hasn’t called him beautiful/gorgeous/ something of the sort in three weeks.

The killer, though, the thing that made Yuuri rush to a mirror to look for new flaws in the first place, is that he hasn’t said I love youin four days. Which wouldn’t have been the cause of so much panic, probably, if he wasn’t someone that said it every day.

He’d once gone on a long (and very public) drunken rant about how Yuuri deserved to know just how loved he is. It had been embarrassing then, and he’s sure Chris or Minami still have the video of said rant, accompanied by quiet but forceful protests from Yuuri in the background.

Yuuri kind of wishes he could go back in time and force his past self to appreciate the sentiment. In his past self’s defense, he never envisioned that it would go from loud and boisterous exclamation of love to Yuuri being hunched over his laptop at 3 in the morning like some sort of gremlin, browser open with ‘how to get the spark back into your relationship’ typed into a search engine.

He thinks over every interaction he’s had with victor in the past month, trying to pinpoint the moment Victor stopped being so attentive.

Had he demanded too much of Victor’s attention? He said he liked looking after Yuuri so much, but what if he’d lied for his anxiety sake? Was it something he said to Yurio? Lord knows that despite how they may seem, they’d rip apart the person who hurt the other without a second thought.

Yuuri decides that can’t be it, because Yurio had been becoming warmer as of late. He still shows Yuuri love in the weird ways he’d grown accustomed to, so Yurio isn’t the problem.

Was he just too annoying, now? Too boring, now that the skating season is over? Oh, God, what if that’s it? What if Yuuri is so boring without skating to talk about that Victor is forcing himself to be busy? Honestly, Yuuri can’t remember the last time they’d had a conversation where skating wasn’t mentioned. But that’s just because they both love it, right?

Yuuri looks down at his stomach and sets a hand on it. He’d gone from competition ready to a bit chubby in a mere month. Is thiswhy Victor won’t touch him; why he’ll barely look at him, anymore?

God, what if it’s all of the above? He’s fat and bothersome and annoying and rude and boring, and – Yuuri heaves on a choked breath – and victor doesn’t love him anymore.

How could he? Yuuri thinks, pulling at the extra skin on his thighs miserably.

With a heavy heart, Yuuri returns to sorting through the articles online.

As he reads through he can feel plump tears roll from his equally pump cheeks and drip down his chin to his thighs. They roll faster, racing to the edge of his face with every but it might never come back. In this situation, divorce may be the best option.

The only other options are open communication, which Yuuri’s stomach heaves at. He can’t imagine how it would feel to hear the words ‘I don’t love you anymore’ roll from Victor’s heart-shaped mouth. Yuuri doesn’t think he’d be able to handle the irony of it all.

The other is indulging in his partner’s kinks, but Yuuri doesn’t know if Victor even has any…

Yuuri looks off to the left, a small idea planting itself in his head. He bites his lip and begins a staring contest with Victor’s laptop.

Anxiety never stilling for a moment, Yuuri gingerly gets off the bed. He touches the lid of the laptop gently, mulling over what he’s about to do. It’s an invasion of privacy, he knows it is, but he’s not thinking clearly; hasn’t been, since four days nine hours and thirty-two minutes ago.

He lifts the lid with his right pointer-finger, sliding into the desk chair as he does it. He checks the door, though he knows Victor has been gone for four hours and plans to be out for three more.

Taking a few steadying breaths, Yuur begins skimming Victor’s browser history. Everything seems normal, at first, and Yuuri deflates more and more with every second that passes.

The oddly placed sense of hope he’d received is quickly leaving him, when he stumbles across a blog he didn’t know Victor ran. He furrows his eyebrows at the content.

Every time his thinly disguised name pops up, Yuuri blushes harder. He hides his face behind his palm, but he doesn’t stop skimming through.

The blog reads like a diary, every entry about Victor’s desperate need to piss or the times Yuuri squirmed enough that Victor thought he was desperate and – oh, God – the time Yuuri nearly wet himself because of his nervous bladder.

Yuuri reaches the part of the blog that Victor had been running before they’d met, and quickly exits the browser after erasing the days history.

Yuuri sits back in the desk chair, heart hammering in his chest. He simultaneously feels guilty for invading Victor’s privacy like this, but also elated that he’s found a way to make Victory look at him again. And all he has to do is squirm.

He barely believes that it would be that easy, but he tests it the next day, when Victor has nothing to do. They lounge around all day, and they start off on separate sides of the couch.

Yuuri drinks coffee and waits for the diuretic effects in it (he may have done more research last night than he’d care to admit).

The more he squirms and drinks, the closer Victor gets.

Yuuri doesn’t get up until it nearly hurts, and he reveals in the lustful look Victor gives him (the first in 37 days, mind you) as he says, “I’ll be right back, I really have to pee.”

He sprints from the room to add to the show he’s been putting on for Victor. When he returns, Victor is flushed and looks downright embarrassed.

###

Yuuri feigns sleep that night, and waits for Victor to sneak off to his laptop. Surely that show he put on was blog entry worthy, and Yuuri flushes with pride when he finds out he’s right.

Yuuri wraps his arms around Victor’s chest, halting the typing noises and murmurs, “What’re you doing?”

Victor yelps and slams the laptop lid shut so fast he snags his fingers.

“Yuuri! I was, uh-“

“If you were into that, you should’ve just told me.”

“Um. Okay,” Victor says, sounding dazed and not quite like his usual self.

Yuuri had seen it coming though, having seen the self-deprecating blog posts Victor had made about himself and how disgusting he and his kink is. Yuuri had been floored then, because he’d never known Victor to be anything but confident and sure of himself. So sure of himself, in fact, that some of his confidence flowed into Yuuri.

Yuuri reaches forward to smooth the worried crease in between Victor’s eyebrows, and carefully lowers himself in his lap. Victor wraps his arms around Yuuri’s middle for the first time in eight days.

Yuuri gently trails his finger-tips down Victor’s cheek as he murmurs, “Tell me all your fantasies.”

Had he been awake enough to fully register what he’d just said, Yuuri would’ve ran from the room, screaming in embarrassment. But Victor’s looking at him with a wonder in his eyes that Yuuri has never quite managed to make happen off of the ice, and he’s beyond giddy.

For the first time in five days, sixteen hours and eleven minutes, things almost seem right again.

