The mission

Author: kilianj74

*000*2021-05-09 00:07

Hi, I am new here and this is my first ever omo fiction story. The main characters are college (university) students, Kyren who is 19 and Jared, who is 21. It is going to be a m/m romance so I hope the moderators are okay with it and i get the balance right with sexy scenes - I guess I will find out if this gets posted or not!

###

Kyren was on a mission, and he blushed just thinking about it.

It wasn’t a spur of the moment mission. It was going to require days of complex planning, and had every chance of going horribly wrong. At worse, it could cost him his best friend. That was unlikely, but there was a bigger chance it could create weeks of awkward uncomfortable silence between them. What was more likely would be that Kyren would be thought of as a freak - sent for psychiatric help, and pitied as a victim of an unfortunate childhood (which wasn’t true at all). Or worse of all, that the plan would just blow up in his face and his subject (or target) just wouldn’t understand. But the payoff if it did work was mind blowing. He felt hot under the collar of his denim shirt just imagining the possibilities, and a tingling in his groin also. It was a monumental ask, but if he succeeded in his mission – wow. Just wow. His biggest fantasy would come true.

The mission was, on the face of it, simple.

He wanted to make Jared wet himself.

Wet himself. Pee his pants. Go in his undies. Soak his shorts. God, just turning over the ideas in his mind was likely to give Kyren a boner if he wasn’t careful. And that was definitely not a good idea right now, when the target of his mission was sat less than a foot away from him on the sofa. Kyren ran his fingers slowly through his curly blond hair, as he always did when trying to calm himself down. Now was not the time for getting excited. He needed to be subtle – to play it cool. One step at a time.

Kyren didn’t want to be cruel to Jared. He didn’t want to humiliate or embarrass him in front of anyone else, and he didn’t want to coerce his best friend into fulfilling his fantasy. He wanted to persuade him, coax him into doing it at exactly the right moment – when the situation and setting were perfect. Jared not only had been uncommonly kind to Kyren, he has surprised the college freshman by actually wanting to be his friend from the start of the year.

It was a small college they attended, but Jared was the student body president – tall, athletic, always running or going to the gym, and yet still managing to do this and score good marks in his classes. Kyren, by way of contrast, was fairly nerdy, and sang in the choir. He liked running too on occasion, especially with Jared, who probably indulged him by slowing down quite a bit for his benefit. Kyren didn’t understand why, but Jared actually genuinely enjoyed spending time with him, and he wanted to give Jared something special in return. Which Kyren would. He would give him the pleasure of pissing his pants, which in Kyren’s weird brain was a very good gift to be giving.

###

“Wow – I did not see that that coming.”

Jared’s voice jolted Kyren out of his daydream, and he realised the familiar closing music to Line of Duty was playing already on the TV.

“Huh?”

Jared looked at him suspicially. “The identity of the fourth man – the big reveal – don’t tell me you guessed that? You’re such a detective, Ky, I bet you worked it out weeks ago.”

“Oh. Nah, I thought it was the gaffer’s wife. You know, that got beaten up last season.”

“For real? That’s crazy. You have such a wacky mind.” Jared laughed, and Kyren could feel it in his stomach. Everything about Jared was perfect. His voice, his perfectly slicked brown hair, his white t-shirt and blue jeans which made him effortlessly fashionably without having to try as Kyren spent hours doing. Those “wet look” jeans which had so many different patches of blue on them they could almost be pissed in already and you’d get away with it. Kyren licked his lips…

Suddenly, without much warning, Jared stood up bolt upright.

“Damn. I’m busting for a piss. Didn’t notice how much I need to go sitting down I was so engrossed in the drama. Funny how it can get like that.”

Kyren’s mouth went dry and his heart was pounding at this teasing revelation, but he said in a slightly strained voice, “Yeah, I get that. Takes your mind off it.” That was a complete lie. Kyren had been thinking so much about pissing that the opposite had happened and he had almost lost track of the drama.

Jared bolted for the door. “Be right back. Grab us another beer would you from the fridge? Any will do.”

Kyren thought Jared was doing things in the wrong order. He badly wanted to block the door, order Kyren back to the sofa, then get him to drink the beer then pin him down until he was forced to pee his jeans, but now wasn’t the time for that.

That time would come.

*001*2021-05-09 19:51

As Jared dashed upstairs into the communal college bathroom, Kyren was seriously tempted to follow. His jock friend had stood up so suddenly that Kyren wondered if Jared had accidentally squirted in his underpants and that had startled him into a rapid exit. Had Kyren been a bit braver he would have accompanied Jared step by step to the bathroom, and brazenly stood next to him at a urinal, watching out of the corner of his eye whether there was any evidence of leaking. Maybe he would have caught sight of Jared pulling himself out of his boxers whilst already peeing (Kyren assumed Jared wore boxers, he seemed too streetwise for briefs).

Or if Kyren had headed into a stall, he might have deduced that Jared had to clean up after a slight leakage, and he could check after for any drips on the floor. A more bold version of himself would strike up a conversation in an adjacent stall – jokingly asking Jared if he made it on time, or if it was a “close call”. Jared had been right. He could be a detective when he needed to be.

Instead though, Kyren chickened out, going to the kitchen to do his duty fetching beer. He took out two bottles of Stella, and two pint glasses. Often he drank straight from the bottle, but given that he had company - (Jared was company, not that this was a date ha ha) – he poured the first bottle into a pint glass. He tilted the glass to get the correct amount of head on the pint (not that he knew what he was doing). For a second he thought it bore an uncanny resemblance to piss, and wondered if pissing into a glass would produce head in the same way. Not unless there is something seriously medically wrong with you, Kyren told himself, and now his mind was wandering in all sorts of dirty directions.

He was about to pour out the second bottle for himself when a naughty idea sprang to mind. Kyren thought about Jared in the bathroom upstairs, and wondered if he had made it or leaked a tiny bit into his boxers. There was something exciting, he knew from experience, about feeling a tiny amount of pee in your underpants, wetting the top of your cock. Kyren knew the sensation, having replicated it on several occasions. Sometimes when he was a bit drunk he had deliberately chosen to leak a tiny amount into his pants, enjoying the sensation of warmth among his most private parts.

Taking the bottle of beer in hand, he carefully pulled the waistband of his jeans and boxer briefs away from his body, and positioned the bottle so that a small amount of beer fell into his pants, wetting the white material. The sensation was slightly sticky, and a little bit colder than that feeling he got when actually peeing in his pants, but otherwise the sensations were fairly similar.

Kyren realised that the action of pouring beer into his undies made him need the loo a bit more himself, as if the sensation of the wet material around his groin was granting him permission to pee in his pants. Whilst watching TV with Jared he had not noticed a particular need to go to the toilet, and usually he had could hold for quite a long time, but thinking about Jared wetting combined with the beer was increasing his urge. He decided that because the beer he had poured on himself was a bit cold he would combine it with a bit of pee and warm himself up, so he relaxed and pushed a small amount into his boxer briefs.

It was rather more than he expected, and he could now feel warm wetness right across his underwear – at the front, behind, and underneath. Quickly he clenched his bladder muscles and checked the front of the chinos he was wearing. There was a tiny wet patch but it was barely visible, and fortunately he was wearing a hooded sweatshirt, which he pulled down carefully to conceal the area. After this ritual Kyren realised he had “broken the seal” and needed the toilet more badly. He felt a little uncomfortable holding, but wasn’t anywhere close to a genuine accident, so poured the rest of the bottle of beer carefully into the second pint glass, which was nearly as full the one he had prepared for Jared.

He carried both beers back to the lounge, and sat carefully back down on the sofa, just in time to hear Jared coming back down the stairs and returning to the lounge.

*002*2021-05-10 10:37

Jared threw himself back on the sofa with a sigh of relief. Kyren could see from his relaxed shoulders and ready smile on his face the satisfaction of someone who has just drained their bladder and now had no need at all to be agitated. Kyren was not in that place himself – he was starting to feel the urge to pee and the dampness in his boxer briefs now had him on a state of high alert. But he tried to look casual as he handed Jared his beer. “Feel better?”

“For real.” Jared looked back at him with a cheeky grin. “Bro that was a close call. Been holding it since the start of the episode, but they don’t have ad breaks. Was about to wet myself but didn’t want to miss any of the action.”

Kyren’s ears pricked up instantly, and he felt a tingling sensation of excitement. If what Jared was saying was true, and not just one of those things people say when they need to go, he had been so close to watching his fantasy unfold before his very eyes. Perhaps Jared had leaked already while they were watching TV, not caring too much because he was engrossed in the drama. He imagined a sliding doors scenario of Jared having a real accident – dashing to the door but turning the handle the wrong way, a momentary lapse of judgment that would cause a short circuit in Jared’s brain, causing him to squirt into his boxers, then grab his crotch unconsciously in response while he tried to perform the otherwise simple tax of opening a door.

Then, once that obstacle had been overcome, Jared would dash up the stairs up sheer desperation, two at a time, but just a bit less co-ordinated than normal, would catch his shin on a step and trip, falling hard on the halfway landing. The shock of the event, and the minor pain in his shin would then cause him to relax those bladder muscles that he had been painstakingly controlling for so long. Piss would start pouring out of him forcefully, into his black boxers (now Kyren was guessing), then gradually colouring in dark blue those patchy jeans as the wetness spread. Then the moment of realisation would dawn on Jared, that he was actually peeing in his pants, and in horror he would try to clamp his bladder muscles off, realising that his body wouldn’t allow him to actually do that… then the wetness would spread beyond his pants, onto the hard floor, causing a puddle around his bottom and the back of his legs, like a work of art…

“Earth to planet Ky?” Jared said abruptly. “You totally zoned out man.”

Kyren realised he was still standing from handing Jared his beer, frozen to the spot, and he sat down quickly.

“Sorry. Got distracted.” Too right he had.

Kyren said,” You know we have a pause button on the TV right? I could have waited.”

“Nah, no worries. If you had we would have been watching 10 minutes behind the rest of the country, and some douche on my twitter or my news feed would have probably have blurted out a spoiler five minutes before I saw it.

Kyren laughed. “Jared you are so paranoid”.

“Old habits I guess. I suppose I just don’t like to be out of control, or of surprises.”

“You didn’t seem as in control of your bladder right now.” Kyren said boldly. Now was a chance for him to steer the conversation, if he just played his cards right…

“Touché. I was pretty desperate”. Jared grinned.

Kyren needed to take the chance to press home his advantage, but he had to keep sounding casual. He thought carefully about what to ask next. Have you ever “not made it” to the bathroom? Too forward. How did it feel? Too personal, at least for now.

“How desperate?” he asked quizzically. “I mean, people always say they are desperate, but when was the last time you were more desperate, like close to wetting your pants desperate?”

Jared picked up his beer, and drank a big gulp, as if steeling himself for a response. Then he looked sheepishly at Kyren and said, “Actually, there was this one time…”

*004*2021-05-10 14:52

{{14 minutes ago, AlmostWet said:

Wonderful start.

}}

Thanks! I've got ideas for the next few sections and am trying to get the pacing right as I don't want the main event to be over too soon. There will be lots of desperation and wetting to come!

*005*2021-05-10 20:49

Jared broke off, suddenly not speaking. Kyren noticed his big blue eyes were fixed on him, and he flinched like a scared deer, as if wondering if he had said too much already.

“Go on”, Kyren said sharply, trying to be encouraging but betraying his impatience.

“It’s a bit embarrassing.”

“Don’t worry, it’s only me, I’m not going to tell anyone. Anyway that’s what the beer is for, getting drunk and saying embarrassing things.” Then Kyren added, “I probably won’t even remember it in the morning”, which was a complete lie.

“What embarrassing things have you done?”

Kyren started babbling before he realised he had been tricked and the tables had turned. “Oh, well, there was this one time as a teenager I went with the school orchestra to play at a concert at a local leisure centre. After the rehearsal, we had bags of time, and we’d been told we could go swimming in between the rehearsal and the concert if we wanted, if we brought our costumes. Anyway, this leisure centre had two changing rooms, one leading to the swimming pool and one for the sports hall.

The sports hall one was where we were meant to change into our smarter clothes for the concert. But being a doofus I mixed them up, and went to the wrong one. So here I was, stripping off and putting on my swimming trunks in the wrong changing room, while my friends stood in shock changing into their dress suits. Then I boldly walked into the showers, which I thought led to the pool, saying “see you later” to my bemused friends and realised I was confronted with a brick wall. There was no way through. So I had to come back to my friends and explain what I was doing in the shower in my swimming trunks. I was mortified.”

Jared snorted into his beer. “That’s hilarious.”

“Yeah it was pretty funny. But it doesn’t get you off the hook, come on. You were about to tell me your embarrassing desperation story.”

Jared sighed, and Kyren noticed his cheeks had gone faintly red. “Fair enough. You remember last term, the college football game against Queen’s Hall, when I was playing in defense?”

“Yes”, Kyren said. Of course he remembered it. How could he not? He didn’t know the first thing about football, or the offside rule, but he remembered staring at Jared’s ass in those tight Blue nylon shorts and his broad thighs above the white socks pulled up to the knees. And he remembered sitting at the front of the stands, cheering loudly whenever Jared got the ball, and how people around him gave him dirty looks because as a defender when Jared was tackling another player it usually meant the opposing team were in danger of scoring. “Go on.”

“Well, the thing is I forgot to go to the loo before we started that game, and had to stay hydrated and drink a lot because it was a really hot day. I figured it would be fine, because I’d just go at half time. But we were really sloppy in the first half, and went 2-nil down, so we had a brutal team talk back in the locker room where the coach laid into us for the entire half time break. Before I knew it was time for the second half, and I was back on the pitch again, and still hadn’t gone.”

As Jared said that, Kyren’s cock twitched slightly, and he felt as excited as if it had been Christmas morning and he was about to open his presents. Okay, he wasn’t a kid anymore, but still hadn’t grown out of those feelings. And the present he was going to get now if he was thinking right…

Jared continued, “The second half was non-stop. Our team had to attack if we were going to stand any chance at all, which meant of course we all pushed up and there were twice as many counter attacks, so we were running non stop. When I was moving I didn’t notice, but in those moments where I stood still, my bladder started screaming at me, and I was clenching all my internal muscles.

I genuinely thought I might wet myself, and then wondered if I could pretend to pull a muscle and roll around on the grass, and pee through my short leg. But there was no way I could do that for the length of time I would inevitably need, and no doubt I would end up being found out and end up in a viral youtube video. So I just tried to hold it, occasionally grabbing my crotch and pretending I was just adjusting my shorts. And with the adrenalin of the match I just danced around a lot and pretended it was all intentional. And I thought for some reason everyone was staring at me, even when I didn’t have the ball, and could see I was desperate and shaking.”

“I remember you did bounce around on the spot a lot in the match,” Kyren admitted. “And I thought that all footballers just did that to stay warmed up. But then I think I was the main one staring at you”.

“Really? You were?” said Jared with a smirk, and Kyren realised he had been found out. “I mean, your my friend, of course I was watching you during the game. As a friend would, of course.”

“Whatever you say”. Jared grinned at Kyren, and reached over to give him a friendly shake on the shoulder. It felt nice. “Anyway we were still 2-1 behind, and I was praying that it didn’t go to 2-2 and go to extra time. I wanted it to be 3-2. Hell, I would have settled for losing 2-1 at that stage.”

“But it did go to extra time” Kyren grinned. “I remember - the equaliser came in the last minute of stoppage time. See, I was paying attention.”

“Look at you, learning words like stoppage time”, Jared teased. “Yes, the game went on another half hour. I was shaking so much by the end. My shorts and briefs were dripping in sweat, and sweat was pouring down my leg, and I had this sinking feeling in my stomach, it might be pee. I panicked, and then I felt light headed, and was worried I was going to pass out, but I didn’t.”

“Was it pee?” Kyren asked a bit too eagerly.

Jared laughed. “No, fortunately, because I was still desperate as ever. I thought about leaking a bit, to let the pressure off, but then I realised I would probably not stop and completely soak my shorts if I did that. But then, thankfully our team scored, and I knew I would only have a few minutes to endure, until suddenly that hulking guy Mason from Queen’s Hall charged into me like a rhino and totally floored me. When the shock hit me I felt a blast of pee squirting badly into my shorts and I really thought that was it, but fortunately I managed with all my efforts to clamp it off quickly.”

What a pity, thought Kyren. That would have been a show.

Instead he said, “So how did it end?”

Jared looked uneasy and averted his gaze from Kyren. “It ended with me sprinting off the field as soon as the final whistle was blown, clutching my crotch as soon as I was out of the sight of everyone. Once I was in the changing room, I didn’t even head for the toilets. I just dived into the showers, yanked my shorts and briefs down, and blasted off into the shower drain. It felt like I’d turned on a hosepipe, and felt so good to let go. I must have been going non-stop for a good half minute but it felt amazing. The relief as much as anything, of not having to hold back any more.”

I bet you enjoyed it, thought Kyren. Then he wondered, if Jared enjoyed that so much, perhaps his mission might stand a chance. But that was getting ahead of things.

“Wow”, said Kyren. He wanted to add “that’s hot”, but bit his tongue. “What did your teammates say?”

“Not a great deal. They teased me a bit for my obvious dash to the toilet, but everyone was pretty buzzed we had won the match so that was that really.”

“Cool,” said Kyren. Then he added “Thanks for sharing” and realised he sounded like some sort of group therapist.

They were silent for a moment. Then Kyren noticed those big blue eyes of Jared’s were fixed on him once again. This time he didn’t look afraid. He looked like he was trying to figure Kyren out, in a quizzical but not unkind way.

“You’re acting a bit odd today,” Jared said finally. “Is everything okay?”

Kyren was flustered, and hesitantly opened his mouth and closed it again. The blue eyes seemed to be looking right through him, seeing all, like the eye of Sauron, except these eyes were kind not cruel.

Finally Kyren said, “It’s just.. do you mind if I ask you something?”

*007*2021-05-12 23:00

For a moment that seemed to last far too long, there was silence, and Kyren felt uncomfortable. He was reminded of the wetness in his underwear from the beer and piss ritual he had undertaken earlier, and he felt the muscles around his crotch throbbing. Suddenly his urge to go to the loo felt ten times stronger than it had before Jared had told his story. He wanted to grab himself, but that would have made his desperation obvious to his crush, and right this second he wasn’t sure that was the wisest move. He calculated that it he and Jared had got to a very important part of the conversation, and he didn’t want to blow it. Kyren wondered if he could leak a bit into his pants, as a way of easing the tension, but because he was nervous his muscles seem to have locked up completely. Despite his desperation, he doubted if he could have peed if he wanted too right now he was so nervous, even if he was alone and standing in front of a urinal or his toilet upstairs.

Eventually Jared said, “Sure you can. Shoot.”

By that Kyren assumed he meant talk, but there were lots of other liquids he could think of shooting.

He said nervously, “I’ve just been wondering, these last few weeks, why it is you want to hang out with me. I mean, you’re captain of the football team, you’re athletic, you’re devilishly handsome..” (Kyren couldn’t believe he just said that) “you get on with everyone, and you do well enough in your classes to not need help from a nerd like me. You could be spending your time with the popular crowd, and instead you are here in my dorm lounge watching TV with a socially awkward freshman.” (With an omorashi fetish, thought Kyren, though he wasn’t going to admit to that right now).

For another few seconds, there was silence again, as Jared said nothing in reply. Then, in a serious but surprisingly hypnotic voice he said to Kyren, “Look at me.”

Kyren did nothing, then felt a rush of warmth as he felt Jared’s hand brush his cheek.

“Look at me Ky,” Jared said again.

Kyren did look up this time, and noticed that Jared’s face was now just inches away from his. He could sense Jared’s warm breaths, which seemed shorter and more excited. Jared’s lip was quivering slightly, and the deep blue eyes now seemed to convey a new sort of emotion – not simply intensity, or even care, but desire.

“I’m looking”. It was pretty obvious, but Kyren said it anyway.

“I want you to listen carefully”, Jared continued. “You are an amazing guy. You are fun, and considerate, and beautiful, though you don’t realise it yet. I had my eyes on you since the day I saw you looking lost by the college entrance with your oversized suitcases.”

Kyren blushed. “But don’t you think I’m nerdy and a little weird”?

“Of course you are nerdy and a little weird.” Jared smirked, and ruffled Kyren’s hair. “But there is honestly no one I would spend my time with.”

He wants to be with me? Seriously?

Kyren sat on the sofa, rigid in place stunned. His logical brain could not process this. Jared, the literal wet dream of most of the girls (and probably half the guys) on campus had chosen him? Why? There had to be a mistake.

He said cautiously, “Do you mean – you like hanging out with me as a friend.”

Jared snorted. “Come on Kyren, you’re smarter than that. You know exactly what I mean.”

Kyren decided to tease him. “Let’s pretend I’m dumb and don’t.”

“Guess I’ll just have to show you.”

Before he knew what was happening, Jared’s interlocked fingers were at the back of Kyren’s neck and he felt Jared’s wet lips around his mouth and his best friends tongue was in his mouth licking his own. A second later he was horizontal on the sofa, where Jared had pulled him roughly on top of him. Kyren could feel the contours of Jared’s chest through just a couple of flimsly layers of fabric, and their crotches of their jeans rubbed together. Kyren could sense the bulge in Jared’s jeans expanding and his own cock twitched.

Then Kyren’s cock suddenly spasmed, and a jet of pee shot out into his pants for a good second. In the heat of the last few moments, Kyren had completely forgotten about his growing urge to pee and the effect the beer was having on him.

Mortified, he realised that he had not only peed in his underwear and skinny jeans, but that the volume of pee would have wet Jared’s jeans, and even maybe even have soaked through his boxers to Jared’s cock and balls. He clamped off the flow and pulled away from Jared.”

“Shit. I just pissed. I’m so sorry.” He wasn’t really sorry, he was exhilarated, but an apology seemed the appropriate thing to say.

Jared simply laughed, and kissed him on the cheek sweetly. “Don’t sweat it, he said. Beer goes right through me too.”

“I didn’t mean to spoil the moment.”

“Who said it spoiled it.” Jared winked, and he had a look of amusement in his face. Then he added, “but for the sake of the college cleaners and this sofa cover, we should probably get you to a bathroom.”

“Want to come with me?” Kyren asked excitedly.

Jared said nothing, but grasped Kyren’s hand, and led him towards the door. Then, although no-one else was around, he leaned over and whispered in Kyren’s ear.

“Of course.”

*008*2021-05-13 17:07

(Warning: Next chapter contains sexy scene)

Kyren did not have an ensuite bathroom, being a first year student, but his room was on a corridor of four or five rooms, with a communal bathroom at the end. The bathroom had a couple of shower and toilet cubicles on one side and sinks on the other. It was unisex, so there were no urinals, but he was on an all male corridor.

As Jared half led, half dragged Kyren by the hand down the corridor, Kyren realised he wasn’t quite walking straight. In addition to being bursting for the loo, he felt a bit drunk - the effect of the Stellas they had been drinking all evening must have been stronger than he thought. He kept stopping to grab himself unashamedly at intervals, and he could tell he was only seconds from a full blown wetting because the muscles in his crotch seemed to be twitching independently, either from excitement or desperation. His whole lower region also felt heavier and slightly numb, a warning sign that the floodgates were about to open. But the prospect of imminent release in the toilet, especially in front of Jared, was and incredible thought, and Kyren felt he had won the lottery.

As they entered the bathroom Kyren made a beeline for the toilet cubicle, but before he realised it, Jared was forcefully steering him into a shower cubicle instead. He stared at Jared in confusion as the older boy drew back the shower curtain, and carried on steering him into the wet part of the shower.

“Well this is unexpected,” Kyren said as Jared’s body sandwiched him to the back wall.

The blue eyes looked back at him intently. Kyren could still see an expression of raw desire, but there was also Jared’s familiar kind concern in them, which made him feel safe. “Are you okay with this?” Jared asked.

“My head is all over the place, I admit. I still don’t know what this is. And I am about to pee my pants. But with you around, I feel okay.”

“Good” said Jared. He was looking Kyren up and down, as if studying every inch of him. Then a mischievous grin came on his face. “I told you I’m someone who likes to be in control. Do you trust me?”.

“Of course”, said Kyren, and he honestly meant it. “I mean, if anyone else had just pushed me against a shower wall when I need the toilet I would have freaked. But with you, it seems perfectly normal.”

“If you feel uneasy or unsafe at any point just tell me,” Jared reassured him. “And remember I am Jared, your friend, who really really likes you. But if you are up for a bit of fun, I have an idea of something I’ve always wanted to do.”

“Fun sounds good,” said Kyren, still feeling like he was living in a dreamworld.

“Okay. Then take off your shoes and socks, and your top and t—shirt.”

Kyren obeyed without question, flinging them into the dry part of the shower.

Now raise your hands over your head and close your eyes.

In the darkness, Kyren felt Jared press his wrists against a metal rail, and he realised it was the top rail for the shower curtain. Then he felt a pair of cuffs being fitted around his wrists, and heard the sound of a click. He opened his eyes and looked at Jared in awe.

“What happens now?” Kyren asked innocently, although he felt he already knew the answer.

“Now I can see you more clearly. And feel you”. Jared ran his cold fingers down Kyren’s bare chest, feeling the contours. Then he felt Jared’s hands on the now glaringly obvious wet patch on his jeans, which was now about the size of a grapefruit, with nothing to cover it. Kyren cringed in embarrassment as Jared’s fingers worked to undo his button. He pulled the zipper down, exposing the pale grey boxer briefs, which were soaking with pee and beer.

Jared was examining him now, like a patient or a scientist who had made an intriguing discovery. He squeezed Kyen’s boxers, as if wringing out laundry, causing the wetness to drip onto his hand. Then he brought his hand up to his face. Kyren felt his face flush, even more embarrassed, as Jared teasingly licked the piss of the palm of his hand.

Then an expression of surprise came on Jared’s face.

“They do say beer tastes like piss, but your piss seems to taste remarkably like Stella.”

“Oh year – I spilled some.”

“You spilled some – inside your underpants?” Jared raised his eyebrows. “Kinky boy.” He kissed Kyren on the lips – just a quick peck, but enough to show he wasn’t disapproving. Then he said. “Wait here for a few moments. I need to get something.”

Kyren opened his mouth in horror. “What? You’re going to leave me here like this?” He’d couldn’t imagine feeling more exposed, handcuffed to the shower with wet jeans opened out to show even wetter boxer briefs.

“Relax,” Jared said patting him on the shoulder. “Actually don’t relax. Hold right there. Don’t worry there is no one around. Move your hands up the rail and I’ll pull the shower curtain across, and if anyone else comes in and you are worried, just lean against the shower button on the back wall and it will start up.

Then Jared was gone, and Kyren continued to hold with all his strength. He didn’t want to let go and wet himself completely. Actually, in some ways he did, but weirdly now he wanted to hold until Jared could see him. He squirmed and jostled from foot to foot, more to distract himself than anything, as he didn’t think it was helping a lot.

Before he knew it, Jared was back with… another can of Stella in his hand?

“What?” said Kyren. “You want to drink another beer and watch me squirm?”

He heard the familiar hiss of gas as Jared popped the can open, and felt jealous that the beer got to release sooner than him.

“Nah – I want you to drink this. Down in one.”

“Seriously? If I do that my bladder will explode. I’ll… I’ll” Kyren faltered.

“You’ll what – pee in your pants Ky?” Jared whispered seductively, and Kyren realised in awe that was what Jared wanted to happen.

He gulped. Then he thought, if Jared wants it, I may as well put on a show. “Okay, release one of my hands and pass me that.”

Jared did, and Kyren tipped back his head and poured the pint down his thoat. He flung the can on the ground triumphantly, and was pleased to see that Jared seemed seriously impressed by the display. A second later, he realised his entire bladder felt bloated and numb and he would release everything in less than a minute, if that.

“Now what?” Kyren said hoarsely. “You have about a minute to decide before my bladder bomb goes off. Think fast.”

“I tell you what, said Jared. I’ll do you a deal. You do one more thing for me, and I’ll let you control this.”

Kyren watched as Jared undid the zip of his jeans, exposing black boxers (Kyren was right!) which were bulging out obscenely. Then he took out the prize, a seven inch, uncut, beautiful rock hard cock. Kyren drooled.

“One more thing, and you can jerk this until I cum. Anywhere. On you, in your mouth, on the floor, in my pants even. Whatever you like.”

“It’s a deal. Say it now, say the one thing I know you want me to do.”

Jared smiled, and whispered in that mesmerizing voice. “I want you to let go of your bladder. I want you to wet your pants, completely, utterly, and helplessly.”

Kyren bit his lip, and looked up shyly at the boy of dreams, six foot tall, slicked hair, a golden smile, and an intense expression that made him want to melt. Not to forget a hard cock protruding out of his flies. He stretched his free hand and gripped the shower rail above him, protruded his hips forwards, and then with a sigh he did melt, in his underpants. A days worth of tension, planning, anxiety, excitement and anticipation rushed out of him with a waterfall of relief. The light gray boxers turned faint yellow as pee bubbled through the surface of the fabric, then travelled down his faintly hairy thies to where his thirsty jeans were preparing to contain the rest of the flood. The heat was intense, and Kyren liked hot showers. For a good while the stream continued, dripping out of the legs of his jeans and forming a large yellow infantile puddle which slowly headed towards the drain.

And then it was all over. Kyren felt Jared ruffling his hair, and then Jared gripped Kyren’s hand and transferred it to his cock.

“I think you need to have a bit of a wet patch too”, Kyren said, after jerking Jared a few times. Then he tucked Jared’s cock back in his black boxers, constantly stroking until Jared growned and the boxers were splattered white, inside and out.

Both boys stood in silence.

Then Kyren burst out laughing. “Where do we go from here?”

Jared said, “Actually I have a confession to make. What I said earlier wasn’t the whole truth.”

“Go on.

“I have a bit of a thing for guys who get desperate or wet themselves. It’s not something I can easily talk about.” Kyren watched Jared’s face get redder, and he looked at him intently. “Anyway, I’ve been into this thing – omorashi – for a long time. And when I first saw you, lost at the entrance lodge, with those suitcases – everything I said was true – I wanted to care for you, hold you, be with you and help you in every way. But also you were wearing that green jumper and those white chinos, and for a split second I also had a guilty wish for you to piss yourself, so hard that I would be able to see the colour of your underwear.”

Kyren opened his mouth in shock, but this time no sound came out, he just looked like a goldfish.

Jared continued, “I didn’t want you to be humiliated, or think less of me, but from that day I made a resolution – I would be the best friend you could hope for – may be even a boyfriend too – but I would one day try to get you to wet yourself. In my head, I suppose it – became a sort of mission. The mission. That’s what I jokingly called it.”

Kyren leaned over to kiss him. “Mission accomplished?”

Jared merely nodded, and as the two embraced and kissed, Kyren thought to himself – your mission may be done, but mine isn’t.

END OF PART ONE.

Hope you enjoyed my first omo fiction as much as I enjoyed writing it! Feedback gratefully received so I can improve future stories and let me know also if you'd like me to write a part 2 with Kyren and Jared

*012*2021-05-15 09:15

{{44 minutes ago, Buckaroo said:

This has to be hands down one of the hottest stories I have ever read on this platform! I can’t wait to read the rest of the story!

}}

Thanks! I have several ideas in my head where the second part will go but need to organise them before writing.

*013*2021-05-15 18:16

PART TWO

Jared’s bladder was screaming.

At least, if bladders could scream, he imagined a high pitched wail right about now. He could feel the twigs crunch as he hopped from foot to foot. The hair on his thighs seemed to bristle with anticipation, producing damp sweat which trickled down his legs, as if charting a course for the very different liquid that would soon be flowing down them. His groin tingled – with what? Nerves? Excitement? Sheer anticipation at what he was about to do? hair stuck to his forehead, a mix of perspiration and hair gel, as it usually did when he ran, but this was different. His face felt hot, from the embers of their dying campfire, but also perhaps with embarrassment at doing something he hadn’t done in a long time…

“Don’t touch yourself. Put your hands on your hips, and strike a pose.” His blond boyfriend’s voice was authoritative, as if he was directing a movie, and Jared knew he would obey without question. Slowly he planted his legs into a comfortable stance, and pushed his shoulders back to look confident. He moved his hands from his groin, where he had unconsciously been gripping himself, and tried to stay still, even though every part of his body was itching to move.

“That’s good,” said Kyren, and Jared could hear the excitement in his voice. “You look so sexy. Imagine you are posing for your student president photo, or better still, modelling a new tracksuit for the football team.”

Jared inwardly cringed. He thought of the photos he had appeared in, school magazines, student council newsletters, hell even the university sports calendar. He thought of the number of girls, and especially boys, that might have gotten off to those pictures. What would they think now?

His crotch felt numb now, and he knew the inevitable would not be long.

“Hurry up!” he shouted to Kyren. “I don’t think I can hold any longer.”

“Hang on,” said Kyren, dashing into the tent and pulling out a flashlight. He directed the beam at Jared’s trousers. In the evening light they now seemed to glow. Jared imagined he was on a stage, in front of the whole school, and the curtains were just lifting…

“Are you ready? I’m serious – I’m about to…”

He broke off, unable to finish the sentence because he knew as soon as he said the words, they would come true.

Kyren grinned broadly, his eyes riveted on Jared. He licked his lips.

Then he said, “SHOWTIME.”

15 hours earlier…

In the light of dawn, with the chirping of birds more audible than car engines, and the squelching of dew beneath his trainers, the cool breeze on his face, and, of course, his gorgeous boyfriend jogging by his side, Jared couldn’t imagine himself happier. It had been two weeks since that exhilarating, crazy TV night, and Jared still thought he would wake up one day and would all have been a dream. But night after night since then he had gone to sleep and woken up with a very real and devilishly cute Kyren in his arms. Now he couldn’t imagine open his eyes of a morning without seeing that mop of dishevelled blond hair in front of him.

He could hear his boyfriend beside him panting for breath. “Slow down Jay”.

“Sorry baby, I was in the zone.” He slacked off the pace. “You doing okay?”

“Yeah. Just never thought dating you was going to be like bootcamp.”

Jared reached at and placed his hands on the back of Kyren’s shoulders, pretending to push him along. “Just got to keep my boyfriend in shape.”

My boyfriend. God that felt good.

“I’m not meant to be kept in shape. You’re the jock, I’m the nerdy one remember. The short scruffy guy with the weedy body.”

“Oi!” said Jared crossly. “No putting yourself down. You have a great body. And an angelic face.” He thought back to that morning, how content Kyren had looked, spreadeagled on the bed in just his boxers, the simple white sheet thrown off because of the hot temperature of the room – and the expression of utter contentment on his face as he dreamed about… God, he wished he knew what.

“Do you know what most boyfriends do fist thing in the morning?” Kyren said. “I bet you do.”

“Take a piss and make a cup of coffee?”

“No,” Kyren teased. He grabbed Jared’s arm and pulled him to a stop. “Most guys have a boner in the morning. So they start with a wakeup kiss..” He delicately kissed Jared. “Then, they grab each other’s pants and pull them down..”

With a swift movement, Kyren grabbed Jared’s green nylon running shorts and tugged them down, exposing a pair of black sports briefs below.

“Jeez Ky – we’re in public!” Jared hurried to pull them back up. “There will be plenty of time for that later.”

“No fair,” whined Kyren. “There’s no-one much around except for a few dog walkers.”

“Exactly. A few dog walkers. I am not that exhibitionist.”

“Anyway,” Kyren continued, “The point I am making is, most guys drag their boyfriends into bed and take off their shorts. Whereas you insist on waking me, dragging me out of bed and into my running shorts, then out of the building and half way across the downs before I’ve even had a chance for a morning shower or a piss.”

“Aw, you didn’t take a piss.” Jared looked mischievously at Kyren, who was wearing a white top, red nylon running shorts, white socks and trainers. He poked Kyren in the ribs who flinched.

“You need a piss now?” Jared teased.

“What? Yes, kind of. I was going to go when we got back from the run. Hoping the run would take my mind off it.

He grabbed his boyfriend by the waist and pulled him close. “Are you gonna piss your shorts?” he teased. “Bet you want to. I bet you’re already leaking a little bit into your undies just thinking about it.”

Kyren blushed, his round pink face offsetting the blond curls nicely. “I don’t really need to go that desperately. I can easily wait until we get back.”

“It’s not about desperation, it’s about convenience. We’re out running, on grass, in the early morning – so no-one would notice.”

“Yes but I’m going to be sitting in your car seat most of the day.”

“Not in those shorts. As soon as we get back in we are having a shower and you can rinse them and throw them in the wash if you want.” Jared tried to be as persuasive as possible, and also tried to hide his growing hardon. In his mind he was already picturing it – the hissing noise, red shorts darkening and glistening, and then a steady stream drips of pee falling symmetrically out of each leg of Kyren’s shorts.

Kyren, however, was unconvinved. He stood in silence for a moment, then looked at Jared as if calculating something. Then he said, “Have you ever done it? When running? Wet your shorts? The internet says it is a thing some marathon runners do, to shave off thirty seconds or so.” Now Jared could tell Kyren was getting excited, especially in the crotch area.

Jared laughed. “Actually, they have a tonne of portaloos at the start of the race and I am not an elite runner. So no. But there was one race I leaked a bit, and had to go off the beaten track at the side. It was kind of embarrassing actually.”

Kyren looked at Jared and kissed him again. “You are a real dom, you know, he teased. You want me to wet myself, but not you yourself.”

Kyren had a point, Jared thought. He got the hots for seeing his boyfriend lose control, but the thought of the tables being turned and Jared pissing himself still scared him. Even in front of Kyren. he still remembered that fateful day at school as a twelve year old – the humiliation of the teacher, and that mocking name that the bullies had called Jared throughout high school – the golden boy. And he had worked so hard to overcome that, so that when he was at college he wouldn’t be the loser. He would be the most successful, the most popular, the student president, the football captain. He didn’t want the world to see him as a weakling who had peed his pants and got off from others doing it. He wanted the world to see him win – to win at everything…

“Definitely a dom,” Kyren said again. “But I tell you what, I’ll do you a deal. I’ll wet my running shorts now under one condition. You have to hold for the rest of the day, until you end up wetting your pants in front of me.”

Jared looked at Kyren. His rational brain told him he couldn’t. Too much training, too many past memories would make this a bad idea. But his lust took over as I saw his beautiful boyfriend smiling back at him.

“Deal,” he said finally.

Then he watched as the red shorts darkened. Kyren was pissing himself, and he was standing as casually as if they had been talking about the weather. Then he shook his shorts, and both his legs, and shot off in a run.

This time Jared had to do the catching up.

*015*2021-05-16 14:03

Jared helped Kyren hoist his oversized suitcase into the boot of his SUV. Clearly the boy didn’t pack light for camping. “What have you got in here, enough clothes for a month?”.

“I did pack a lot of underpants. You know, just in case I need some spares,” Kyren winked.

Jared couldn’t resist giving his boyfriend a quick hug. “Ah, I see. Well, best get going. I’d rather not get stuck in traffic.”

Settled in the passenger seat, Kyren looked remarkably comfortable, and Jared swelled with pride. He had showered after their run and was wearing fresh grey sweats and a cute-as-a-button blue hoodie. It gave him a certain satisfaction to see a boy, his boy belonging in the seat, rather than one of his football mates or the expected blonde cheerleader. Well, Kyren was blonde, and Jared supposed he could be a cheerleader if he wanted, he supposed.

Jared had been out for a few years; in fact since his mid teens, before he was popular and successful, and had been the LGBTQ+ rep on the student council before he was elected president, so the fact that his relationship with Kyren was now public had not come as a shock to many in the college. But there had been a couple of tossers who had taken Jared to one side for his “inappropriate behaviour” as student president getting involved with a “vulnerable freshmen.” When he had told Kyren this, Kyren got so red faced and angry that Jared had to stop him from marching up to the guys and taking a swing at them (“I’m 19 for fricks sake, who do they think they are, the relationship police”). But he was persuaded to tell the Senior Tutor instead they were being harassed, and now Jared made a deliberate point of walking hand in hand with Kyren across the campus at all possible opportunities.

Kyren yawned, and stretched back in his seat. “It will be so amazing to get away from everyone for the weekend. Just the two of us. I feel so on display sometimes, at college.”

“Yeah. I was thinking the exact same thing. You look very comfortable there, by the way.”

Kyren smiled. “Why wouldn’t I? Perfect start to the day – invigorating run, cool shower, fresh cup of coffee, satisfying morning piss..”

Jared snorted. “I don’t recall that being the order of events,” he teased.

“Yes, well maybe I was just being efficient having the invigorating run and satisfying piss at the same time. If only I’d decided to drink the coffee in the shower…”

Jared shook his head. “Weirdo.”

Of course, Kyren had insisted that Jared drink a fresh cup of coffee also, to stay awake for the long drive ahead, and he wasn’t allowed to go to the toilet – “that was the deal” – so he was grateful that he had managed to take his morning pee before the run while Kyren had still been dozing in bed. He wasn’t feeling the urge yet, and he was used to driving long car journeys.

“How long until we get to the lakes?” Kyren asked.

“Four and a half hours? Four if we are lucky and the traffic is good. Should be mid afternoon when we arrive.”

“I might need a stop half way.” Kyren looked at Jared teasingly. “You know, for me to use the toilet, and you to drink more coffee to stay alert.”

Jared groaned.

*017*2021-05-17 11:48

{{28 minutes ago, RandomWetName said:

Part two is turning out great! Good thing Kyren packed extra underpants. Hope you'll describe the type and color, should he wet them. I enjoy reading the little details about which clothes are getting wet :3

}}

I try to be specific with details about the clothing Jared and Kyren will wet in, so will bear this in mind. If you have a favourite colour or style let me know and I will try and incorporate it into the story if it seems to fit.

Broadly speaking Kyren is likely to wear boxers or even briefs which are cheaper and practical. He also will have packed thermal underwear to keep him extra warm when camping during the night.

Jared is more trendy so is likely to wear branded or designer underwear, boxer briefs or boxers. Jared has more revealing swimwear than Kyren also.

*020*2021-05-17 20:51

Four hours later, things were getting urgent for Jared. They had stopped at a service station one hour ago, as requested by Kyren, who had taken a devilish pleasure in buying Jared a large cappuccino and asking him to reserve their table while he went off to the toilet. In Kyren’s absence, Jared had cheated, pouring half the drink into a nearby pot plant when no-one was looking. At first he felt guilty he might have killed the plant with the hot liquid. Then he realised it was an artificial plant, which he wasn’t sure was better or worse.

It had been a calculated move, as Jared reckoned if he consumed less than 500ml of liquid before they got to the lakeside he might at least spare his car seat. Kyren had returned, visibly buoyant and refreshed after his release. Jared wanted to feel jealous, but seeing his boyfriend looking so cheerful and excited in that adorable blue hoodie, all he could really feel was pleased. At least, until Kyren started the teasing about how relieved he felt, and how the piss he had was one of the best of his life, and then he had squeezed Jared round the waist tightly and said how happy he was, all the while digging into Jared’s bladder.

At least now Kyren seemed distracted, listening to music on his Bluetooth headphones, and not talking about waterfalls. Jared did say Kyren could play music through the system but the blonde boy was embarrassed that the classic Katy Perry and Ariane Grande mix he was enjoying wouldn’t be street enough for the older boy’s taste.

Jared had other things to worry about though than music though. He was seriously starting to worry about the state of his leather car seat, and how to clean it in the event he did have a genuine wetting accident. He had heard that certain pet products might work to get the smell out of the seat. Or vinegar and baking soda – that might leave stains but it was supposed to get rid of the smell, even if it left your car smelling like a chip shop for a week or so.

The traffic was at a complete standstill right now. Jared reckoned they had about another forty five minutes of travel to go if the traffic was to flow freely before they would get to the campsite. Unfortunately his bladder was seeming to want to move more freely and he wasn’t as confident that it had an hour left. When he had been driving it was a bit easier to ignore the ache of needing the loo, but at a standstill there was basically nothing to distract him. Surely he could hold it. He had heard of people holding for more than 10 hours, and it had been what – 5 hours so far for him?

He felt a twitch in his groin, and for a split second wondered if he had leaked. Suddenly paranoid he might have leaked, he pulled out the waistband of his blue sweatpants and tried to sneak a glance at his boxer briefs hoping Kyren didn’t notice. For some insane reason Jared had put on a pair of white Calvins, which was a very poor choice of his given he knew of Kyren’s intention to see him piss in them. Jared was beginning to regret his stupid decision to agree to Kyren’s request, just because he himself had lusted after seeing his boyfriend soak his running shorts that morning. Karma was a bitch.

Jared wrestled with the thought of putting down a towel on his car seat, to protect the seat. He had one in his suitcase in the boot, and now was the time to get it out while the traffic was stationary, although that would mean an admission to Kyren of how desperate he was. He weighed up the idea for a few moments, when suddenly Kyren started singing.

“I’m gonna go out, I’m gonna let myself get, absolutely soaking wet…”

Shit! A squirt of pee shot out of Jared into his boxers. Why did Kyren have to have Geri Halliwell (or was it the Weather Girls) on his track list? Maybe it was deliberate. What would come up next, Rihanna’s Umbrella? There was nothing for it. He had to get the towel.

To Kyren’s bewilderment, Jared opened the car door, bracing himself for the drop in temperature. His bladder screamed at the sudden change in position, and Jared drew his legs together and waddled to the back of the car. He retrieved the towel, then carefully laid it out on his car seat as if he was reserving a sunlounger, before sitting back down.

Next to him, Kyren smirked and took of his headphones. “Getting desperate huh?” he said, as if it wasn’t plainly obvious.

“Shut up.”

“Rude,” teased Kyren. “I was just making conversation. Let’s change the subject. What’s the campsite like? You’ve been there lots with your family.”

“It’s great. It’s more of a forest than a campsite. We can pitch up there and there won’t be anyone else to disturb us for a long way around, and we will be able to light a fire, so long as we are careful. And the lake is spectacular. I can’t wait to go swimming in it.”

“Ooh I’m looking forward to the lake. Will it be all wet and full of water?”

Jared glared. “Of course it will, it’s a lake, what do you expect?”

“Will it be even wetter than you?” said Kyren grinning.

Jared wasn’t going to dignify that question with a response.

*021*2021-05-18 11:41

By some miracle, when they arrived at the campsite an hour later, Jared still had comparatively dry pants. He had leaked a couple of times into his Calvins, and they would probably be a little bit stained yellow when he came to wash them, and he noticed a small wet patch on his sweatpants about the size of a tennis ball, but it hadn’t been a full blown soaking.

He drove down a deserted track and parked the car in a sheltered part of the forest overlooking the lake shore. There was no one else around. How his parents had found this remote undiscovered part of the world Jared had no idea, but literally no-one else seemed to know about it. Kyren and he set up the tent relatively quickly, though Jared’s desperation meant he was now hopping and fumbled the poles a couple of times, much to Kyren’s amusement. His boyfriend kept grabbing his crotch in mock desperation, and joking if there were any streams or waterfalls in the area.

Jared knew he couldn’t make it much longer, and was going to pee himself soon. He couldn’t stand still and barely had control of any of his limbs, and his brain seemed to be going to mush also. As the hours had gone on, he became more and more afraid of having an accident in front of Kyren. It was irrational – he’d seen Kyren wet twice after all, but he still could not shake that ingrained notion that he, the student president and football captain, could not be seen to be wetting his pants by a freshman.

Then Jared came up with the perfect solution. The Lake. It was the obvious way out of his promise to Kyren.

As soon as the tent was set up, Jared started to strip without warning. His boyfriend looked at him intently, staring hard at every inch of flesh as it was revealed. Kyren’s eyebrows were raised, but he certainly wasn’t complaining, and he didn’t complain either when Jared donned a pair of tight white speedos which accentuated his bulge.

“Race you to the lake,” he said, grabbing a towel.

He teased Kyren as the blue hoodie was flung off in haste, and Kyren nearly tripped getting out of his sweatpants. As soon as Kyren had put on a pair of sea green swim shorts, he dashed to the lakeside, flinging his shoes off at the rocks and rushing headlong into the cool water.

As soon as the icy water covered his trunks, before Jared even had a chance to get his shoulders underwater, his bladder jolted as if someone had punched him. Jared’s facial muscles made all kinds of expressions as he tried to force his bladder to hold on, but then a mischievous voice in his head said, Do it now. Let it all go.

Kyren was splashing towards him, a youthful excitement on his face. “This place is amazing! I can’t believe how you found it. The trees, the stillness, the breeze, the sunlight on the lake – it’s like being on a honeymoon. I mean – if you and I ever went on one – not that I’m saying – okay now I’m babbling”.

Jared held Kyren close and kissed him. For a moment everything was perfect. Then he whispered, “remember what we agreed this morning?”

“Of course I do. I can’t wait to see you pee yourself.”

It was time. Jared knew Kyren would hate him for it, but it was the only way.

“Well, I’m afraid you are not going to see it.”

“What??? You promised.”

“I promised I would hold it as long as I could and then I would wet myself in front of you. Which I am going to do now, in the lake.”

As soon as he said the words, Jared felt the heat in his speedos as he blasted his piss full force into them. A days worth of coffee, holding, anxiety about wetting was released in a moment. Then he felt the warm water caressing his legs and he felt goosebumps all over. The sensation of utter relief he felt at being completely empty and now not needing to go at all with no toilet in sight – god he had missed that sensation. That had been what had started off everything – peeing in the sea as a twelve year old – and now he was doing it again nearly ten years later. God he had missed that sensation, that first action – that one event that had made him the golden boy.

He smiled at Kyren. “Did you enjoy that?”

Silence.

Kyren looked – upset? He wasn’t smiling. He was – disappointed?

“You cheated.” Kyren said. “I thought I would get to see you wet your pants properly, you know, like I did. So I could see the stain spread and everything. You should have warned me. At least we could have peed together.”

Jared was confused. “I thought you’d enjoy it?”

“But you didn’t warn me,” said Kyren. “And peeing in the lake – is insanely hot – but it’s cheating.”

It was true, Jared had tricked Kyren. He had been too scared. This was the perfect moment – that Kyren had waited for, and he had ruined it for him. “I’m sorry,” he said.

Kyren kissed him. “It’s okay, we have plenty of time, and lots of beer. I tell you what, I’ll ply you with beer this evening and you can pee yourself again at sunset. That would be so hot.”

Jared said uncertainly, “I don’t know if I want to in front of you. I mean, I am the student president after all. I have my dignity.”

Shit. Why had he said that, to Kyren, of all people?

Kyren’s mouth fell open. He looked as if Jared had slapped him in the face. He looked hurt – confused – angry – abandoned. “What??? What did you just say?”

To his horror, Jared realised he had made a huge mistake. Kyren pushed him firmly away and he fell back in the water.

“I can’t believe you!” Kyren shouted. “You’re such a hypocrite. Is this just a game to you?”

Jared didn’t know what to say.

*022*2021-05-18 20:44

Jared was furious with himself. How could he have messed up so badly? It had been the perfect moment in the lake, close to the person he most loved – yes he really did love Kyren – and he’d ruined it with pride, and a stupid trick. He’d been too afraid to be vulnerable before his boyfriend, too scared to grant Kyren his one wish to fulfil his fantasy, and then he’d opened his stupid mouth about blurted out something about “dignity” and made the most beautiful boy in the world feel small and inferior. What an idiot.

Kyren was storming off, splashing out of the lake in the direction of the forest. Jared half swam, half waded as fast as he could to catch up with him.

“Wait! I’m sorry! Where are you going?”

As Kyren glanced back at Jared, his blue eyes were red and glistened with tears. He looked so small, so vulnerable in his sea green swimming shorts, and Jared felt awful. “Leave me alone,” Kyren said sharply.

Jared just wanted to sweep Kyren into his arms and give him an enormous hug, but Kyren was marching away as fast as he could. “Please - sorry – please wait.”

“Leave me alone,” Kyren said firmly. “I’m going to get firewood. Go back to the campsite.”

“But you’ll get cold,” Jared pleaded. “You are dripping. Please talk to me.”

“Just – give me some space alright. I won’t be long – just – go back to the tent.”

Reluctantly, Jared did.

When he got back to the tent, it was painfully quiet. Just a faint rustle of breeze, and only one bird noise – a jackdaw, he thought, making a racket and having scared off all the more tuneful song birds. A small pile of twigs showed where Kyren had been carefully setting up the campfire. Jared stripped and towelled off, then lay back naked in the tent. Kyren’s ridiculous suitcase was open in the corner taking up about a quarter of the tent space. He really had packed everything, including it seemed a lot of underpants of all colours. Jared spotted several green and blue boxers, white and black briefs and – to his shock – a skimpy pair of yellow aussiBum briefs. Blimey, thought Jared, that boy is full of surprises.

They could be fun, Jared thought, except that the owner of the said aussieBums was currently not speaking to him and was wandering the forest in his swimming trunks. He did hope Kyren wouldn’t be long. He pulled on of Emporio Armani blue trunks and beige khaki pants, a black T-shirt and his university football team sweatshirt. He laid back on his sleeping mat and tried to close his eyes, but when he did, all he could picture was a 19 year old boy with blond curly hair and a sea green swimming trunks being attacked by a large black bear.

After several minutes (which felt like hours) had passed, Jared heard the crackle of twigs underfoot, and below the tent flap could see a familiar pair of feet in flip flops moving to lay the camp fire. Tentatively, he stepped out of the tent. “I’m sorry Ky. What I said was really, really wrong.”

Kyren turned to face him, but kept his distance. “You really hurt me. I mean okay, peeing in the sea without telling me was one thing, and if you are embarrassed to wet yourself in front of me I guess that’s okay too, but when you talked about your self of dignity how do you think it made me feel?”

“Pretty crap?”

“Worse than that,” said Kyren, the hurt evident in his voice. “I felt used. Like some kind of toy you just wanted to get off too. It felt like you just wanted me to pee myself repeatedly but would never lower yourself to the same level. As if I was just like one of those sex dolls – you know the ones – where you just fill them up with water until they piss themselves.”

“Ky, I’m pretty sure they don’t make sex dolls like that,” Jared teased, and for a second Kyren laughed, but it was short lived.

“Baby I don’t feel like that at all. You are the most precious thing in the world to me. I got scared, that was all.”

“Why did you say all that shit then – about dignity or whatever? It just made me feel so small.”

Jared looked at Kyren imploringly. “You don’t understand. Please let me explain. I can’t bear to see you upset with me.”

Kyren’s face softened, but he stayed standing apart from Jared. “Fine. But this better be good.”

“Okay. Well the thing is – the reason I didn’t want to wet myself in front of you – it isn’t to do with you at all, it is more my problem. It’s to do with something that happened to me when I was thirteen at school.”

“Did you get bullied?” Kyren asked, his protective instincts showing on his face again. “I hope no one hurt you.”

“Yes – but that isn’t quite the whole thing. Actually it started at the beach in the Summer Break. I was on holiday with my family and my best friend Carl’s family. It was a really hot day, and the beach was so crowded, and it was one of these really long beaches, and dad insisted we walk walk for ages to a quieter part of the beach where we could play cricket without disturbing anyone. When we finally found a spot it was an age away from the car park where the toilet blocks were, and I started to need a pee.

So my mum said either she would go with me back to the toilets, which would take about 20 minutes, or she whispered to me that I could just pee in the sea and no-one would know. I was a bit confused by this and asked, do you mean pull down my trunks underwater? No, said my mum, that would be exposing myself and I could be in trouble if someone caught me (not that there was anyone around). Then my mum said I could just pee in my trunks in the sea, it was all water and it would mix with the huge volume of water passing in and out of my trunks every second, so no one would ever know.”

Jared could see Kyren’s lip quivering as it did when he was excited. He knew Kyren enjoyed his stories, especially when they involved desperation and wetting.

“Anyway, I found the whole idea of this so exciting, being actually given permission to wet myself. I felt my body tingling at the prospect of being given permission to do something so forbidden. I rushed out into the ocean, just getting out far enough so my trunks were above the water but the crashing waves would drench my crotch. It felt awesome, the sensation of the cold water every few seconds pulsing into my swimming trunks and filling them with sea water, and then feeling the sea water drip down my thighs into the sea.

I was getting ready to pee myself, but it took a while to pluck up the courage of actually doing this in my trunks, so I decided to count the waves down from 10 to 1, and then I would pee myself. I was physically shaking by the time the last 3 waves, then when the last one crashed, I pushed the pee out of my bladder with all the force I could. It shot out of me, and was so warm, like I was swimming in some geyser, and once I started I couldn’t stop. I just basked in the warmth, my toes curling into the sand, until it finished, and it was amazing.”

He looked at Kyren, whose face was going that tell-tale pink shade again. Then he said, “This is incredibly hot, but I have to ask, what on earth does it have to do with your school and not wanting to wet in front of me?”

“Oh, right. Well the next bit is the embarrassing part,” he mumbled. Kyren stepped forwards, and rested his hand on his shoulder. At least he’s not completely mad at me now, thought Jared. “The thing is, I couldn’t stop thinking about that experience of wetting in the sea. And then when I went back to school, we had a PE lesson where we had to do cross country running in a storm. It was a flash flood and we got drenched, but the teachers were hardcore so we didn’t get a let off, and I really needed a pee. Afterwards, we dived in the showers, and I had this idea that I would just jump in the shower in my shorts, which were wet anyway, and pee myself, then blast the hot water. I thought I would get away with it. It would just be like peeing in the sea, and no-one else would notice.”

“Except they did?” suggested Kyren.

“Exactly. Three other guys, to be precise, saw me wet my pants mid stream, and realised I hadn’t turned the shower on. They pushed me against the wall as I peed, and I was genuinely scared now, and just flooded myself. Then they said “Jared’s a pantswetting baby, look,” and everyone laughed. And some wisecrack said, “ooh, he’s into golden showers, not such a big boy, more of a golden boy.”

Kyren’s hand was still on Jared’s shoulder, comforting him. “You okay?” He asked.

“Yeah, it’s fine, I need to say this. Well after that, I was called goldenboy by the bullies every chance they got. It was mortifying, and they would hold their noses whenever I went past. But I remembered what my dad had once said about bullies, which was “prove the bastards wrong. Show them you’re a winner, and they are the losers. If they call you a nasty name, own it and turn that name around.”

“So.. you became a real golden boy? The star pupil.”

Jared stood up proudly. “What I did was I proved those idiots wrong. I decided I wasn’t going to be known as a pantswetter, I was going to be the winner at everything. None of those suckers were ever going to get a prize or trophy again. I took up running four days a week, and started training at the gym three times a week so I would become the school’s star footballer. I threw myself into studies so I would get the best grades in the glass. And I ran for class president and won over the whole school with bribes and charm. I was the king then, and those bullies were nothing. Hell, I wanted to see them piss themselves. Then I went to college and never looked back, and left behind that boy who wet himself in the shower… except for one tiny thing…”

He broke off, and looked at Kyren, his faced flushed.

“Except what?” teased Kyren.

“Except a tiny, tiny part of me still wanted that rush, that I’d got wetting my pants. And I wondered if any one else felt the same thing, at got the same thrill, of peeing in the sea, or their shorts in the rain, or wishing their favourite celebrity would have an accident. I locked it away inside, thinking that no-one would ever be as freakish as me in wanting that. I was always going to be the golden boy, deep down.

“So what happened next?” Kyren rested his hand on his chin, looking thoughtful. “What changed?”

Jared turned to Kyren and kissed him. “I met you of course.” Thankfully, Kyren leaned into the kiss, then wrapped his arms around his boyfriend in a big hug.

*023*2021-05-19 11:24

Kyren prodded the campfire with a stick. Jared was impressed with his camping skills, and despite mocking his boyfriend for his oversized suitcase, he did look like he knew what he was doing. They had, it seemed, survived their first argument, and all seemed well, but Jared did get the sense Kyren had some unfinished business.

After a while, Kyren came over and prodded Jared in the ribs. “I still think you are a snob. You think it is okay to watch me pee my pants like some lowly minion in your kingdom, but you won’t do it yourself. In spite of your traumatic childhood pantswetting drama, do you really think that’s fair?”

Jared sighed. “I suppose not. And I don’t see you as a lowly minion. It’s just I worked so hard to put the boy with the wetting fetish behind me in order to become popular and successful.”

“I call bullshit,” said Kyren. “You’re a snob. You get off on seeing the quiet, nerdy, anxious kid peeing himself. But you won’t do it. No, not Mr student President.”

Jared rustled Kyren’s blond hair. “Baby you are neither quiet nor anxious. Nerdy, perhaps. But maybe you are right. Football captains and student presidents don’t pee their pants.”

“Why the hell not?” demanded Kyren. “They do in my fantasy world. In my world football stars pee their pants in the changing room after they have won the world cup. Student presidents pee themselves giving graduation speeches. Film stars pee their pants at the Oscars. Tom Daley pees his speedos of the diving board. Zac Efron pees his pants just for the sheer hell of it.”

Jared nearly choked on his beer with laughter. “Your world is very vivid.”

“Course it is. My imagination has been planning it out since I hit puberty, at least. The point is, there is no reason why pissing yourself should be a joy denied to the rich and famous. If more wannabe prime ministers and laywers and film stars and generally uptight people like you pissed their pants regularly the world would be a much more chilled out place.”

“I like your theory.”

“Then prove it”, said Kyren determinedly. “I will give you a second chance. You are going to down that beer, and another couple, and then hold while we eat and watch the sunset, and then you are going to romantically pee yourself for my delight.”

Jared sighed, and eventually nodded. The boy was determined, he would give him that.

###

Having resolved to pee himself, Jared felt surprisingly liberated, as if a huge weight had lifted from him. This was rather unexpected. Yes, he was nervous as hell, as part of him still expected that when he did it the school bullies of old would jump out from behind the trees and catch him in the act. Or worse still, maybe when he did it Kyren would morph into them like in a sci-fi movie, or pull of his face to show it was just a mask like one the Mission Impossible films. He was being ridiculous, he knew. They were alone, just he and Kyren. There was no faking that expression of delight and sheer joy of being with him that had seen in Kyren’s face that day, and despite having their first argument, they had got through it.

The sun was red in the sky now, and he sat by Kyren on a log overlooking the lake. The dying light was scattered by the tree branches. He gazed at Kyren, the flecks of light falling on his brow and cheek. He watched as a breeze gently played with the boy’s blond curls, which had been completely disarranged from any semblance of hairstyle after the dip in the lake.

Jared felt the warmth of Kyren’s hand interlaced with his, and felt safer and more secure than he had ever felt before. Being around Kyren made feel both serene and intensely excited at the same time. There was no anxiety or tension with Kyren around, at least not now they had made up again. He felt he didn’t have to put on a show with Kyren to impress him. He could be himself – he could do whatever he wanted and he somehow wouldn’t feel judged, or embarrassed. Okay – maybe a little embarrassed at peeing himself. Years of reinforcement that this was a humiliating, taboo thing to do wasn’t going to change that. But Kyren wasn’t going to be disgusted or freaked by Jared emptying his bladder into his khakis. Hell, he was going to turn his boyfriend on by doing it, and a man couldn’t really wish for anything more exciting than that.

He twitched suddenly, an involuntary spasm in his crotch reminding him that he would be fulfilling his boyfriends wish very soon. It had been Kyren’s request that he tried to hold it in until the sun set, to prolong his desperation, but he was going to wet before the light faded entirely, so that the wetting would be clearly visible. Over dinner (sausage and pasta, which Kyren had skilfully over the campfire handling pots and pans like a survival expert) he had drunk three cans of beer alternated with two large bottles of water. The water, Kyren insisted, was because he didn’t want Jared to get drunk. Jared said that he was used to drinking and had no trouble holding his beer usually. He was less confident of holding his piss in with the volume of water though.

Jared was still dressed in his football team sweater, cream khakis (which would not be cream coloured for that much longer) and he was wearing the blue Emporio Armani boxer briefs. He had taken off his socks and trainers, and would be wetting in flip flops, which he wore into the lake anyway, so they would wash off. He had been a little apprehensive about keeping on the designer underwear, wondering whether to wear a cheaper pair, but they would wash in the lake. He had already leaked a little bit of pee into the briefs in his desperation, so it was too late to be thinking about that now anyway. He could feel moisture around his private parts, and couldn’t honestly tell if it was piss or sweat.

What’s more, he didn’t want to disappoint Kyren again. Kyren was very specific about him wearing clothing that he would normally wear at college, to be fashionable, and confident. Kyren told him he had thought this through very carefully and insisted that Jared keep on the football sweatshirt. He wanted it to be Jared the football captain, Jared the popular student president who wet himself, not Jared having a lazy day in his PJs. Jared was excited by that thought too – it was almost like a role play. Growing up he had always thought of wetting as shameful and childish, but he was going to wet himself with a certain pride. Of course, there would be embarrassment and humiliation in the heat of the moment - that was a key part of the attraction for him and Kyren – but he was going to make pantswetting damn sexy while he did it.

###

“One more,” Kyren said, passing him a can of beer. “Down it in one.”

They were back by the campfire, which was now barely alight, but the embers seemed to give out a lot of warmth. The urge to pee had come quickly upon Jared, and he couldn’t now stand still. If he had been at a 8 out of 10 desperation level before, he now had to be at 9.5. It was not a question of “if” so much as “when” he would soak himself, and he wouldn’t bet on lasting longer than another ten minutes. His brain was going to mush, an his nerves were now all over the place – excitement, embarrassment, anxiety – and an enormous rush of adrenaline.

“Are you sure?” Jared pleaded. “You didn’t want me to get too drunk.”

“You won’t get drunk on this, you’re the football captain,” said Kyren dismissively. As if that granted him immunity to the effects of alcohol through sheer force of masculinity.

Jared was already bent double and periodically grabbing his crotch, but he took his hands away to open the new can Jared was handing him.

“Cheers,” he said, raising the can and cracking it open like they were celebrating something. Which they were. “To us.”

Kyren grinned broadly.

###

Jared’s bladder was screaming.

At least, if bladders could scream, he imagined a high-pitched wail right about now. He could feel the twigs crunch as he hopped from foot to foot. The hair on his thighs seemed to bristle with anticipation, producing damp sweat which trickled down his legs, as if charting a course for the quite different liquid that would soon be flowing down them. His groin tingled – with what? Nerves? Excitement? Sheer anticipation at what he was about to do? hair stuck to his forehead, a mix of perspiration and hair gel, as it usually did when he ran, but this was different. His face felt hot, from the embers of their dying campfire, but also perhaps with embarrassment at doing something he hadn’t done in a long time…

“Don’t touch yourself. Put your hands on your hips and strike a pose.” His blond boyfriend’s voice was authoritative, as if he was directing a movie, and Jared knew he would obey without question. Slowly he planted his legs into a comfortable stance and pushed his shoulders back to look confident. He moved his hands from his groin, where he had unconsciously been gripping himself, and tried to stay still, even though every part of his body was itching to move.

“That’s good,” said Kyren, and Jared could hear the excitement in his voice. “You look so sexy. Imagine you are posing for your student president photo, or better still, modelling a new tracksuit for the football team.”

Jared inwardly cringed. He thought of the photos he had appeared in, school magazines, student council newsletters, hell even the university sports calendar. He thought of the number of girls, and especially boys, that might have gotten off to those pictures. What would they think now?

His crotch felt numb now, and he knew the inevitable would not be long.

“Hurry up!” he shouted to Kyren. “I don’t think I can hold any longer.”

“Hang on,” said Kyren, dashing into the tent and pulling out a flashlight. He directed the beam at Jared’s trousers. In the evening light they now seemed to glow. Jared imagined he was on a stage, in front of the whole school, and the curtains were just lifting…

“Are you ready? I’m serious – I’m about to…”

He broke off, unable to finish the sentence because he knew as soon as he said the words, they would come true.

Kyren grinned broadly, his eyes riveted on Jared. He licked his lips.

Then he said, “SHOWTIME.”

*024*2021-05-20 12:05

The moment had come, a moment which in Jared’s mind had been a decade in the making. He thought back on that first thrill of first peeing in the see as a teenager, the humiliation in the locker room schools showers, and the years of resistance in his mind where he had fought to push out of his mind any idea that he might actually enjoy desperation and peeing. Combined with a heavy dose of society norms and taboos, a rushing sense of embarrassment, then, excitement, then embarrassment at feeling excitement – Jared’s brain was in meltdown. He thought he might have stage fright, and not be able to go at all, even though he was ready to burst.

Then a comically ridiculous song popped into his head. Let it go, let it go… Not sure Disney had in mind what he was thinking. He tried to imagine himself in front of a urinal, undoing the years of training in his head. But he was clothed. Then he imagined himself in the lake, in his speedos. He was clothed then, but had managed to pee.

It felt like the pee was in the tip of his penis. So Jared pushed, deliberately, with all the muscles he had down there.

Immediately, a warm spray of piss shot into his Armani briefs. He could feel it around his cock and balls, and he didn’t dare look down. After a two second spurt, panic set in, and he pinched off the flow. His legs were fixed in place, but he could feel them quivering like jelly. His face was sweating, and he imagined he must have turned purple.

He looked up across to Kyren, as if for approval. Kyren was wearing the blue hoodie and gray sweats again, and he had his hand in his pants on what looked like a rock hard bulge. My God, Kyren was getting off on this.

Kyren started back at him intently, and licked his lips. “Go on,” he said seductively. “Pee your pants mister president.”

That did it. It was almost as if his boyfriend had hypnotised him, for as soon as the words were said, Jared started pissing, full force, into his Armani underwear. It felt like he had just put the shower head down his trousers, the liquid was so warm. He watched his cream khakis darken to a shade of brown, as if someone was painting them, and he felt the hot pee dripping down his legs, gluing his wet trousers to the skin. He had even managed to get some pee on the bottom of his football sweatshirt, which was pulled down slightly, and the tshirt which was tucked into his pants. Then he saw some liquid bubbling from his Khaki crotch. He was not just pissing his pants but pissing through them. His bare feet too were getting wet as pee seeped out of the bottom of the khakis, and before long he was standing in a puddle.

It went on, and on, for forty seconds or so, when Jared could do nothing, and it felt incredible. Jared knew about peegasms – that sense of orgasmic relief when letting go after hours of desperation. But this intensity seemed to last on and on, for the full forty seconds. When he felt it was tapering, Jared pushed his bladder muscles harder and harder, determined to prolong the moment until he was completely empty.

Then it stopped, and he stood, mesmerized, total relief from a completely empty bladder, and absolutely soaking.

“Wow,” said Kyren breathily. “I just came in my pants.”

Jared laughed. “Glad everything was to your satisfaction this time.”

He shook his leg, and was about to move, when Kyren said suddenly, “Stop. Don’t move. I want to take a photo.”

“What for?” said Jared, stunned.

“The college magazine of course. Or the Year Book committee. They’d pay me a fortune. Hell, this will triple their circulation.”

“You can’t!” cried Jared in horror. “You wouldn’t!”

Kyren grinned. “Relax, I’m only teasing you. You are way too easy.”

“You are going to get it later.”

“Don’t worry, these are just for my personal collection.” The camera flashed a few times as Kyren moved like a paparazzi, and then Jared got into the spirit of it and threw some of his signature poses. Kyren continued, “After all, my mum always says I never take enough holiday photos. She wants some for the family album.”

Jared opened his mouth in horror, but Kyren said, “got you again.”

“No, I’ve got you.” Jared charged forwards, and grabbing Kyren by the waist whisked him high into the air, camera and all. The blonde boy didn’t seem to mind at all that his boyfriend was still soaked in piss.

“I have a confession to make,” Kyren said, after Jared had finally set him down. “I’ve been wanting to get you to myself for ages, but also I had a mission, exactly the same as yours, to get you to pee yourself. You always seem a bit too uptight, so formal, and there is nothing quite like peeing your pants to relieve tension. I planned this mission, so to speak, a few weeks ago. I didn’t want you to be humiliated in front of anyone, just me and you.”

Jared was speechless. “You mean, you and I had the same idea? We both secretly wanted each other to get desperate and wet their pants? What are the odds of that!”

“Pretty small, I guess.”

“Not just small,” Jared said. “Tiny. That kind of co-incidence – or destiny – it just doesn’t happen in real life.”

Kyen hugged him tightly, and looked at Jared with a twinkle in those blue eyes. “Maybe not in real life. But it does happen in my dreams.”

THE END OF PART TWO

Thank you for following this story! I hope some of you enjoyed my first omo fic as much as I enjoyed writing it. Kyren and Jared may return in future stories when I get more ideas, and I have plans for some other omo fic also.

