The Silent Carriageway

Author: Kez

*000*2017-08-08 14:29

It's been a while since I wrote anything omo-related and I've decided to try something a bit different with this one.

The Continental Carriageway which stretched from the Trans-Channel Tunnel down to the inferno on the outskirts of Lyon lay silent – northbound refugees long gone, southbound reinforcements non-existent. Somewhere outside cabin one might have found some comfort in the low purr of the carriage’s motor, the rush of the wind and slush of tyres, or the soft hiss of steam as a light drizzle of rain from the overcast sky vaporised upon the warm asphalt. But there, within the isolation of the sealed cabin, Victor sought to spare himself from the emptiness and determined that they were reasonably safe.

He called out over his shoulder towards the metal partition behind him. There was a rustle of movement from within the rear of the carriage, before the partition door unlatched and swung open. The girl climbed cautiously over the centre console and into the passenger seat, strapping on her harness. Victor kept his eyes on the road ahead, despite the active guidance system.

Softly and simply, she thanked him, equally avoiding eye contact. He did not respond.

After a brief pause, she asked where he would take her. He explained how they would head for the southern front – that he could get her past the lines, and it was then up to her side to prepare an extraction. For the first time, she turned her eyes upon the driver as she asked why he would make such an effort – wondering if he would not have been far better off had he not allowed her to live. Victor found that he had no reply, and an uneasy silence crept back into the cabin – now with seemingly no reconciliation. Hundreds of kilometres remained ahead, and there was little that could be said or done to improve their situation. The pair sat back in the warm leather of their seats, gazing off into the dreary expanse beyond the windscreen.

Another empty hour passed, and it was creeping into the late of the afternoon when Victor noticed her discomfort. His eyes left the tarmac and alerted her to his attention as she sat forwards, shuffling anxiously in her seat. She asked tentatively if they could stop at the next station. Though he himself had no need for nor desire to delay their arrival at Lyon, he understood and agreed unenthusiastically. The thought occurred to him that he had not eaten or stopped to rest since the previous night, yet he was absent of hunger or fatigue. His body seemed void of its natural functions, lifelessly running on some unknown supply of energy with the sole intention of completing the task at hand.

Another half an hour later and they reached the next carriageway station. The first sign of life for miles came in the form of an artificial pale glow, rising from a clearing somewhere within the dark-green pine woods before them. As they approached the exit, however, Victor made no motion to change direction. Passing the off-ramp without stopping, the girl turned to him in confusion with a severely worried expression. He indicated over her shoulder to what they could now identify as the unnerving silhouettes of what must have been a hundred silent carriages lining the ramp which led into the trees. Even in what little daylight remained, the emblazoned Imperial colours upon the vehicles were easily recognisable. The station was serving as the connection between the capitol and the southern front, and there was no chance of stopping without encountering military police.

Disheartened, she stared into the carriage’s door mirror, watching the lights of the estate drift away into the dimming evening light. She crossed her legs, pressing her hands tightly between them and lowering her head, hiding her face behind a layer of flowing golden hair. Victor asked if she could wait the fifty kilometres to the next station. She replied softly that she didn’t know. He considered that though the sky remained overcast, the rain had ceased and the carriageway seemed safe enough to accommodate a higher speed. He reached towards the dashboard and adjusted the guidance system to an additional ten KPH, and they pressed on.

It was no more than a quarter of an hour later when her need reached its peak and the denim between her legs began to grow wet. In desperation, she turned to Victor and painfully explained she could not wait any longer. Reluctantly, he switched off the guidance system and slowed the carriage to a halt upon the left-hand shoulder. At the touch of a button, the passenger door effortlessly swung open and she leapt out onto the tarmac, before quickly vanishing into the darkness of the undergrowth at the edge of the carriageway.

Victor switched off the motor, allowing the carriage a moment to rest. He left the door ajar, allowing the familiar aroma of petrichor within the cool night air to fill the cabin. Somewhere behind him the sun was dipping below the horizon, bathing the carriageway in velvet orange rays. Beneath the soft tick of the cooling motor, a gentle breeze rustled through the grass and leaves, accompanied by the distant cooing of a wood pigeon from somewhere within the treeline a little further from the roadside. At the opposite end of the carriageway, the land dipped into a valley where bare country roads wound through sleeping French villages as far as the eye could see. It was calm; peaceful. One could be forgiven for forgetting that it was wartime within the serenity of it all.

A minute passed. Victor glanced out through the open door, but could not see or hear much. He turned his gaze back to the road ahead and watched as one of the rare few other carriages he had seen on the carriageway roll past in the opposite direction. A silver vehicle with a small trailer hitched to the rear. Another family trying to escape the conflict, perhaps. The headlamps passed and dwindled into the distance.

Another minute had passed, and there was still no sign of the girl. The thought occurred to Victor that she might not return. A slight hint of panic began to manifest within him as he considered this possibility. He dismissed the fear as unwarranted, and his concern subsided. Only he knew she was still alive, and it was highly unlikely that anything would be traced back to him were she to be recaptured or otherwise. Perhaps it was a blessing – that he need not reach the southern front at all. Perhaps it was best to turn the carriage around and return home.

He eyed the start switch on the dashboard, but made no move towards it.

A third minute passed, and Victor remained motionless. And then – much to his surprise – the footsteps he had been waiting to hear arrived from within the darkness. As the girl climbed back into the carriage, Victor turned to her and spoke.

“You came back,” he said.

She froze, halfway through strapping on her harness. Holding her breath, she looked over at Victor with her eyes wide, unsure if he was ordering her to leave. Realising her confusion, he continued.

“…you could have run.”

She turned her head to glance out into the darkness beyond the carriage door. Dusk was falling, and a cold night wind was growing. Confronting the austere and unknown land alone was beyond her.

“I don’t know where else to go,” she replied softly.

And with those words, everything changed. When she turned to look back at him, Victor found that now he saw something else – and that he had found the reason why he had chosen to save her.

He nodded silently, and pressed the button upon the dashboard which would close her door. As she fastened her harness, he noticed she remained uncomfortable in her seat, and pressed a second button to activate her heated seat cushion. Within seconds she noticed the change and thanked him softly, before she leant back in her seat and closed her eyes, tears rolling silently down her cheeks. A third press of a button and the motor purred into life, and the carriage set off again into the night.

As he configured the carriage’s guidance system, Victor asked the girl if – assuming the next station was safe – they could stop to find her some dry clothes and maybe get something to eat.

She opened her eyes, nodded in agreement, and smiled.

*003*2017-08-13 03:15

{{On 09/08/2017 at 1:15 PM, JLH99 said:

I'm interested in this world. Is it something you plan on continuing? I'd love to learn more about it.

}}

It's a branch from something unrelated I was writing a while ago, but I don't think I'd add much other omo in it. I just wrote this as something like that one scene you occasionally stumble across in a book every once in a while.

