Eva couldn't do hovering

Author: Kate95

*000*2025-01-11 09:24

Eva couldn't do hovering. Of course, she could hover over the toilet bowl, but she couldn't get the stream into the toilet bowl at all. And she did not have a single jet: as soon as the urine passed through her labia, it immediately disintegrated into many small streams, drips, drops, which flowed in very different directions: down her legs, and into her underpants....

That is why the only acceptable option for the young girl was to sit on the toilet every time she urinated. That's what she did at home and at work. But still, at the end of the process Eva always had to thoroughly wipe not only her pussy, but also her butt and thighs with a large, very large amount of toilet paper....

In short, to pee in the bushes, even in a deserted place, or in a public toilet is not an option for her....

Tonight Eva was coming home from work. Usually before going out she ran into the cherished room of the office “for a walk”. But today she drank a lot of tea (a friend treated her to some unusual and expensive tea), so she wanted to go earlier. Going half an hour before the end of the working day, now before the very exit the girl did not want. To be exact: she almost didn't want to pee, but she didn't want to lay paper again, sit down, and then wipe herself with a lot of paper. I'd rather go home. So I ignored the urge, though weak.

Going out into the street, Eva walked to the station.

She lived in the suburbs. She got to work by train, almost an hour of pure time one way. She walked from the station to the office. The thing is, the bus took a long detour. And walking straight through the park was about the same amount of time.

So, this evening the girl did the opposite way - from the office to the station, through the park.

It was chilly outside, so almost immediately the urge to go to the bathroom became pronounced. But not yet enough to make Eva wish she'd gone one more time before going out.

There was a public restroom at the exit of the park. Free, and in pretty good condition.

"But it's not for me. I've had enough of one incident already...", the girl thought sadly.

This case happened a year and a half ago, in the summer. Eva was wearing a dress at the time. She had the most ordinary bladder - not “iron”, but not too weak to run often. It was usually only enough to pee at home and at work. But that day for some reason (she didn't remember why) she wanted to pee much more.... And the only salvation was this toilet. She couldn't go to any other one. She had to break her rule of avoiding public restrooms. The restroom was relatively clean, but not clean enough for her to dare to sit down. Just hovered, hoping for a miracle. But there was no miracle. It went all over the place. Anyway, I had to wring out her panties and wipe her feet with tissues.....

The memories now made me want it even more.

Eva stopped at a stoplight.

"At least the dress was on top then, no harm done. Today I'm in tights and pants, a full wet set would be..."

The girl crossed the road, and entered the station building.

It was still 20 minutes before the departure of her train.

Seeing the sign of the toilet, Eva once again thought: maybe she should go at least here? After all, I'll be home in an hour and a half, not sooner.... Yes, the toilet is paid here, but there is paper, you can make a bed and sit down. And then quietly wipe everything there ...

She was already determined to go in, but at the last moment something clicked in her mind and she changed her mind.

And so Eva was already on the train. There were no toilets, she knew that for sure. The urge grew stronger and stronger. Good thing she was lucky enough to be seated. Standing at all would be unrealistic to tolerate ...

"Man, why am I so special?! Other girls are like girls - and I have to sit down..."

She tried to distract herself mentally, reading her phone, looking out the window... But nothing worked.

At one point she had to hold back a particularly strong urge. She put her foot on her leg, squeezed her crotch... I leaned my torso forward a little bit. She did it!

Then it suddenly dawned on her why she hadn't gone to the station toilet: "I was just too embarrassed to tear off ten meters of paper...". That's to make a bed, and then wipe it all up..... I always need no less... What a stupid chicken, I should have gone then!"

The electric train was pulling up to her station. The girl began to make her way to the exit. As soon as she got up from her seat, it came on again.

The droplets seem to have come out of the urethra already, but they haven't gone through the lips yet. The panties were definitely dry.

The train stopped and Eva found herself outside. Cold again, impossible to hold again...

“Shit, the panties are already wet...” But since she didn't feel any leakage, she thought that maybe she was just sweating, or maybe it showed...

The girl headed for the station's restroom. It would be another ten minutes to her house at a brisk pace, she'd pee herself for sure.

Holding the liquid from the last strength, Eva took out her purse, found a bill, and quickly stretched it in the window. At that moment, she peed. That's for sure. It wasn't the drips that leaked out, it was the pee.

There was no time to rewind the paper (and I remind you, you need a lot of it!), so Eva just grabbed the roll (or rather, it was already started, there was about half of it left) and ran to the stalls.

- Girl, the paper is not just for you! - the employee shouted after her. But Eva didn't care anymore.

The nearest stall was closed. Someone sighed unhappily when Eva pulled the handle vigorously.

She managed to run into the second one. Eve closed the door, hung up her bag.

Realizing that the overhang wouldn't stay dry, she began to quickly reel off the paper to put on the toilet. For a clean-cut girl, even in such a critical situation, it was unhygienic to just sit down.

But in the process of preparing the seat, she began to squirt more into her panties. The body was demanding emptying right now.

Throwing the roll of paper on the floor (without having time to cover the toilet bowl), the girl pulled up her jacket, began to remove pants, tights and underwear.

As soon as she hovered over the toilet, it flowed uncontrollably. Naturally, in different directions, as always. But it only lasted a few seconds. Next, Eva sat down with her bare ass on the cold toilet bowl and continued the process...

Finished peeing, she exhaled a sigh of relief.

Picking up a roll of paper from the floor, she began to tear it off. But her fingers did not obey the girl, and the roll slipped into the toilet bowl.

"I didn't make a bed, I didn't wipe myself, I didn't dry my panties. Only took the whole roll, and now I'll also clog the toilet..."

Eva pulled her already wet panties over the equally wet undersides of her body.

