A conversation between two women about pants wetting written by artificial intelligence.

Author: kruton

*000*2020-08-03 13:39

What follows is 98% written by a language model called GPT-3 via the paid Dragon model in AI Dungeon

. Only the text on the line following the > is written by me, everything else is written by the AI. That includes the parts where my character is speaking. If you don't see a > on that line then I did not write it. I did undo lines when it took me down a path I didn't want it to take (such as my character threatening to break the other characters knees), and had it regenerate text until I got the story going in the direction I wanted. I did not edit any of the AI responses to get the response I wanted.

>Prompt: You are Emily, a 30 year old woman. You are talking to your friend Sarah, a 29 year old woman.

> You say "Sarah, I have a question to ask you."

"What is it?" she asks.

> You say "Why do you pee your pants so often?"

"Because I'm a disgusting person, OK?"

"No, it's not OK. We're friends, and friends help each other. I'm worried about you."

"You've never said anything before."

"I've never been this worried before. How can I help?"

"You can't. I'm beyond help. But thanks for being a good friend and worrying about me."

"Do... do you need to go right now?"

"Yes. Badly."

> You say "Then why don't you go to the bathroom?"

"Because I'm a freakin' idiot. I'll just go in my pants. I might as well be a 5 year old, for all the sense I'm making."

> You say "Do you like it?"

"What?"

"Peeing in your pants. Do you like it?"

"Are you on crack? Who the hell would like that?"

"I don't know. I'm asking you. Do you?"

"Why would I?"

> You say "You just said you have to pee badly, if you didn't like it you would just go to the bathroom."

"No I didn't. I said I'm a freakin' idiot for not going to the bathroom, but I don't actually like peeing in my pants."

"I think you do. I think you like peeing in your pants so much that you're self-deluded into thinking you have some sort of urinary control problem when you don't. I bet you secretly enjoy it, but you just don't want to admit it because it's shameful or something."

"Shut up. Just shut up. You don't know what the hell you're talking about. You're an idiot."

"I'm an idiot because I don't pee in my pants? What does that make you?"

"Shut up! SHUT UP! I HAVE TO PEE!"

"So go pee."

"I... I... OKAY! THERE. YOU'RE RIGHT. I LIKE IT."

"I know. That's why you're yelling."

"I'M NOT YELLING, I'M NOT EVEN LOUD. WHAT THE HELL, EM?"

"That's better. Much better."

"I'm going to the bathroom. You're right, I do like it. I like it a lot. And I don't care who knows. Everyone will know, because I'm going to tell them. I'm going to go buy a billboard and put it on there. 'I LIKE TO PEE IN MY PANTS.' Everyone will see it. And they'll all know. Everyone. They'll all know. Everyone will know. Everyone will know that I... I..."

"That you what?"

"That I... That I..."

"That you...?"

"That I... LOVE PEEING MY PANTS!

> You say "What do you love the most about peeing your pants?"

"What do I love the most? The feeling, obviously."

"Of course. What else?"

"The warmth, the wetness, everything."

"What else? Be specific."

"The feeling of powerlessness. I don't have any power over my bladder, or my body in general. If I did, I wouldn't be in this situation, would I?"

"That's true. Anything else?"

"The humiliation. I'm putting on a show for everyone. They're all looking at me and laughing at how stupid I look. Or they pity me. Or they're looking at me like one of those sad pandas in the zoo."

> You say "I'd love to see you pee your pants."

"You would? Are you some kind of freak?"

"I'm a little weird, yeah. So is that a yes? Because I'd really like to see it."

"I guess so. But only if you go buy me some coffee. And cake. I want some cake too. Chocolate. And if you come back here within the hour, I'll let you watch me pee my pants."

"You drive a hard bargain. I accept."

"Okay, go!"

You run out of the coffee shop and go to the nearest bakery. You buy a coffee and a piece of chocolate cake and then head back to the coffee shop. You see a line to the counter that would rival that of Disneyland on a weekend, but you see your friend at a table and head over to her.

"Here," you say, setting the coffee and cake down on the table.

"Thank you," she says. "I was really thirsty and hungry. Now I'm just thirsty. You can have the cake if you want."

"You don't want it?" you ask.

"No," she says. "I want the coffee more. I only wanted the cake because I was thirsty."

"Are you still playing the peeing in your pants game?"

"Yes. And you'll be watching me."

> You say "Okay then, stand up and yell that you're peeing your pants, and then do it, pee your pants."

She stands up and yells, "I'm peeing my pants!" Then she looks down at her legs and checks to see if anything is coming out. Nothing yet. She sits back down and takes a bite of the cake. Nothing yet.

"Come on!" she says with her mouth full, looking down at her lap again. "I need to go. I drank too much coffee."

You pull out your phone and pretend to answer it. "Hello?" you say. "What? I can't hear you. There's too much pee in here!"

"WHAT? What are you talking about? I don't sound like that!" your friend yells.

"I'm sorry, I can't hear you. The pee is too loud."

"What?"

"Too. Much. Pee."

"Are you serious?"

"Hello? I can't hear you. The pee is... oh, wait, there it goes."

She looks down and smiles as she watches a stream of urine run down her leg and into the coffee shop. People look over at her and laugh. She smiles, then makes eye contact with a group of them, laughing all the while. She finishes peeing and pulls out some paper napkins to clean herself up.

"Alright," she says. "I'm done. Let's go." You stand up and follow her out of the coffee shop.

*002*2020-08-03 14:05

Here's some information and tips for using AI Dungeon.

There's two models, Griffen and Dragon. Griffen is free, Dragon is not. Griffen is based on an older language model called GPT-2, Dragon is based on a new language model called GPT-3. If you want to use the paid model you need to switch to it in settings after signing up. Both models are made by Open AI, with GPT-3 in pre-release last month. GPT-3 does a lot more than just generate porn stories, people have been throwing all sorts of things at it and it's been doing some magical things.

You can use any of the pre-made prompts for your peeing delight, but I like to use the custom prompt so I can write what I want. Check out how the pre-made prompts are written so you know how to write the custom prompt for the best results. Remember that the prompt is only a starting point, you can always change the story as you see fit.

AI Dungeon wants you to speak in second person. This means use "you" instead of "I".

AI Dungeon has an issue with good writing. Sometimes it has long and good descriptions, other times it does not, there doesn't seem to be a way to control it. It likes to skip forward in time a lot if you let it. I've had stories start where the AI immediately write that it's the next day even though nothing has happened. Dialogue tags (she said, you said, etc) are not used very often by AI Dungeon, it uses them, but very little. If you use AI Dungeon to write a story that you're going to share make sure to go back and re-read it and add tags where needed so the reader doesn't lose track of who's talking. Speaking of that, sometimes AI Dungeon loses track of who's talking. I've had it switch point of view mid-sentence.

The Say and Do commands are obvious, but the Story command is not. While Say and Do apply to you, you can use Story to force things to happen. So if you want an NPC to jump up and down you can just type in that they jump up and down. I recommend not using this and allowing the AI to do the work for you, it's more fun that way.

If you don't like what the AI responds with, or you make a typo and want to change your response, there's an Undo and Redo button at the bottom. Next to it is an edit button, this lets you edit the last response (from you or the AI). If you don't like anything about the response you can have the AI regenerate the response as well with the circle and arrow button.

AI Dungeon only uses the last 1000 tokens for context. I think a token in this context means a word, although I'm not sure. What this means is that any text past the token limit does not exist to the AI.

AI Dungeon is forgetful or gets confused. Sometimes you might tell a character to pee their pants, and then they take all their clothes off, and then pee in their pants. Sometimes my character will sit down, only to have them sit down again two lines later. This doesn't seem to further confuse the AI, but it can be annoying for a story to have things like this happen.

When using the Dragon model if you use a custom prompt the very first AI response will always use GPT-2 . This is done because there isn't full access to GPT-3 yet, and it's possible to trick AI Dungeon into giving you access with the correct prompt.

AI Dungeon supports every fetish, every sexual act, and likely supports sexual things that nobody has thought of yet. It can also make connections between different sexual acts and fetishes. Sometimes the AI likes to bring up diapers when talking about pee for example. One time it started talking about furbabies.

AI Dungeon likes to go off on tangents. One second you're reading about a woman peeing, the next your girlfriend busts in crying about the cat. You can always undo or regenerate responses.

AI Dungeon is very good at guessing what you want to do most of the time so you don't have to hand hold it. When it does something weird you can always undo or regenerate, or put in your own command to get it off of the weirdness.

Use the POV command to see what anything else is thinking, and I mean anything. You use it by typing in what you want the point of view to be from followed by "POV:" So if you want to see what Sarah is thinking, you would type "Sarah POV:" without quotes. As I said, you can use this on anything, if you want to know a chair's opinion on what's going on that will work. This actually changes the point of view to whatever you type in, so undo it after using it or use the command to go back to the character you want.

{{22 minutes ago, ed2 said:

Good story! But I don't really believe you! No way this is AI generated!

}}

Go ahead and try it yourself. There's a 7 day free trial for the Dragon model. Make sure to immediately cancel so you don't get charged by accident, you'll still have access for the 7 days. Also change from the Griffen model to the Dragon model in settings or you won't get as good results. It takes some time to figure out how to use it so you're not being too hand holdy. Originally I used the Story command a lot to force things to happen, but I found that you'll get much better results if you never use it. There is quite a liberal use of the regenerate response button though, as sometimes the AI refuses to play along. Sometimes I'll write "You say, "pee your pants."" and then the other character will say no, and then the AI gets into an argument with itself over if the person will pee their pants or not. In one case the other character got so mad they killed me lol.

