Occupied? But the Emo Girl's been holding it!

Author: knockonthedoor

*000*2026-01-10 00:03

A/N: A follow up to my story The Emo Girl's Gotta Go!

This time, Sophie's at work and there's a reason she's crossing her legs! As always I'll have things to ponder at the end and any and all feedback is appreciated!

Occupied!

Along the parallel streets of any city sits buildings of every size. Entire blocks can be defined by just a few rows of design and care. One such street housed many tall buildings which coated the rest of the block in shadow. It didn’t help that the late afternoon sun now hung behind the tall, partially empty office buildings. Across from these buildings was a small row of one and two story buildings. In contrast to the looming square design of the cooperate offices, the small buildings were built in a bygone era. Designed with care and a hope that they would last forever. Up until now, they had kept their promise.

One such building was a small coffee shop. Bathed in the same long shadow of the tall office buildings, it stood in defiance of the faceless corporations that took up space in front of it. With redone wood floors, a bar top that ran along the smaller windows and cozy tables, the hustle and bustle of the city could not penetrate these walls. To the left of the main door stood a long counter, and behind the counter was a thin heartbreaker. Her name was Sophie.

Her makeup was near perfect, blending well with her white skin. It was well accented by her black hair, which sported bangs that were swept to one side, though still short enough that her brown eyes were on display. Black eyeliner followed each of her eyelids in perfect contour, with just enough of an eye shadow to create an almost smoky appearance. Her small septum piercing glinted in the light of the coffee shop, standing out against her thinner lips, which were glossed. With a smile that never showed teeth, she could entrance and entice anyone. And she knew it.

On this particular day, Sophie donned a loose fitting black shirt. Low cut, it seemed to rest solely on her smaller, perky tits. If one looked close enough, maybe they could catch a glimpse of her black bra straps as she moved. That is, if they weren’t distracted by the intricate tattoos on her arms. Small phrases in cursive, a colored heart, a long winding vine that reached from her wrist to her shoulders. It was almost as distracting as the “emo” and “kid” etched into each hand. Her shirt was just short enough to expose her pierced belly button as she walked to and from each side of the coffee stations. Matching her black shirt, Sophie wore very short grey, almost acid washed shorts. Strategically they housed a designed tear on one of her upper thighs and frayed edges, which just barely reached the mid-point of her thin thighs. To tie her entire outfit together, she had black boots, laced tightly and long, black thigh-high socks, styled with grey stripes.

On her phone, Sophie had her arms over the counter. Quiet for now, there weren’t very many people in the small shop. Casually, she would take a long drink from an unassuming thermos. Each sip was cool and refreshing, owing to the insulated mug and ice inside. Most of what she was drinking was flavored lemonade, however, being the younger woman that she was, Sophie had opted to spike it with a shot or two of vodka. She couldn’t really taste it but the slight buzz was a welcome one. She took another sip. The cool liquid running down her throat and though her body. As it made its way to her bladder, Sophie was completely unaware of the calamity that she was about to bring on herself.

##################

Nichole looked at the clock. The hour hand was nearing four. In just a few moments, her professor would be handing out exams, and she couldn’t care less. Not that she didn’t care about college, but she had much more interesting thoughts to attend to. Her phone buzzed. One of her last messages before she’d be required to put it away. It was Sophie.

Hey thanks for the lemonade lol, tastes awesome!

Nichole responded quickly No problem! Maybe I’ll make some for Nial too.

With that, Nichole slid her phone into the pocket of her jeans. Dressed much more for comfort than show, Nichole had gone with light blue jeans and a very dark, almost black sweatshirt, with the gold lettering of her collage stitched across the top. It was comfortable, even if it hid her larger boobs. Her brown, low cut shoes had a white base which gave her a little more style without hurting comfort all that much. It also helped her show off her little ankle bracelet. She was comfortable and cute, and that’s what mattered to her.

What worried Nichole was the fact that the seat next to her was empty. Typically Maya sat next to her. Maya was never late, always punctual, and especially early for tests. The hour hand struck four. A tension settled in among the twenty or so students. Waiting for the professor to stand, all eyes went forward. Phones went into backpacks or pockets and conversation seemed to taper off. All talk officially ended when the professor stood, his tall posture towering over the group. As he walked towards the door, suddenly Maya burst through the open door, nearly knocking the professor down.

“I am so sorry I’m late! I-“

The professor put his hand up. She stopped talking

“Its fine, I was just about to address the class. Looks like I printed a few tests short, so I’m giving you all an extra few minutes to study while I print a few more. My apologies.”

None of the students seemed to mind. As the professor left, conversation resumed and tension dissipated. Maya took her place next to Nichole, nearly hitting her with her orange purse.

“Oh my gosh I was up like all night studying!” Maya started to talk as she pulled an energy drink out of her purse. She continued

“Then I fell asleep and literally woke up like an hour ago. I’ve been chugging these like crazy.” She spoke much faster than normal, clearly not lying.

Maya handed Nichole the energy drink, and the jeans clad Nichole took it graciously. Maya continued to talk rapidly

“So that’s why I texted you and was like ‘hey do you want one?’ Cuz they had like four of them on sale, and I had two. Then I felt sick so I had water.” She kind of laughed.

Nichole couldn’t tell what was supposed to be funny, but she enjoyed the opportunity for a conversation.

“You were up all night? I’ve got no chance then!”

“Nah, you studied, I’m sure you’re fine!”

“I hope. I made a date last night so I gotta finish quick at least.” Nichole cracked open the energy drink and took a sip.

For not having time to do much, Maya still looked stylish. A beige skirt and white band t-shirt hugged her boobs nicely, and her thicker caramel thighs stood out against the contrasting colors. She had on high top white boots and white socks, which Nichole admired.

“New shoes” Maya smiled, proud of herself “Dad got them for me cuz of my grades!”

As she looked over them herself, her curly, shoulder length hair stayed in place. Hiding a pair of sunglasses in the mass of hair, she untangled them and set them on her desk. Nichole took another sip of her energy drink just as her professor walked back in the door, fresh tests in his hand. The conversation around the room died out again as all focus turned towards him. Nichole tried to focus, but the corner of her eye was caught on Maya’s rapidly moving foot. Too many energy drinks Nichole thought. She didn’t know how right she was.

##############

“Hey” A small voice got Sophie’s attention. Not that it was hard to hear in the slow coffee shop.

Her coworker Hanna, a short nineteen year old with glasses held a small cup of coffee in her hands. Sophie thought she was cute

“Hey” Sophie responded with a smile “Aren’t you on break?”

“Well yeah but I made this coffee and I want to know if it’s any good. Would you like some?”

Hanna had taken a table for herself near the door, a cup of the same coffee for herself was already sitting in front of a chair. Sophie grabbed the opportunity. She yelled to her manager, who was in the back

“Aaron, I’m going on break.”

He didn’t respond with words. Just a thumbs up. He was cool.

The two made their way to the small table and sat down facing each other. Sophie took a slow sip. It was still hot. But sweet. On top of the spiked lemonade she had consumed, her bladder sent a quick warning. A twinge that told her not to have too much. She ignored it. Hanna took her own sip. The two not saying a thing. Just as the awkward silence set in, Hanna broke it

“It’s too sweet, isn’t it?”

“No! No I like it.” Sophie defended the concoction.

The two fell back into silence. Another message from her bladder to her brain. All it was asking was for Sophie to go and use the toilet while she had the chance. But Sophie wanted to spend some time with Hanna, enough that her brain overrode her bladder. As the two sipped coffee, Sophie made some small talk.

“So do you like working here?”

“Um…yeah I guess so. It’s kind of fun. Gives me time to draw.” Hanna paused “I like your tattoos”.

“Oh thanks! Do you have any?”

“Oh no! Mom would kill me!” The two laughed.

Sophie’s bladder spasmed at her laugh, demanding to know why she would rather talk with a coworker than relieve herself. Sophie’s mind countered with an intimate gaze at the young woman in front of her. Hanna was in a flowing short dress. The blue color was as relaxing as the freckled girl with green eyes was enticing. What Sophie wouldn’t want to do to her. The thought was enough to take her mind off her annoyed bladder.

“I got my first one a fifteen. When Mom was sober she was mad but…” Sophie’s slight smile faded. Hanna’s wide smile also evaporated

“Oh…I’m sorry.”

“No, it’s fine just… Ah whatever, I’m good.”

“You sure?”

“Yeah.”

Well that killed it. Nice conversation there dumbass Sophie scolded herself. Her bladder took the opportunity to issue another dull warning, but this time, it didn’t leave. Subtly, Sophie placed her hand over her abdomen and rubbed. She put her arms back over the table. Tying to restart the conversation she added

“So what do you like to draw?”

“Oh just anything. I started with landscapes and I draw people now. But they’re not any good.”

“I’m sure they’re good. Just like this coffee!”

Sophie finished the rest of her coffee, her bladder arguing with her. Hanna smiled and looked down.

“This was nice. Maybe we can take another break together soon?”

Sophie smiled and nodded. As Hanna stood she grabbed the empty cups from both of them. Sophie stood with her, her muscles tensing as she did. Now with the opportunity to go, Sophie was going to take it. Walking towards the only bathroom in the store, she passed a businesswoman who was typing away on her laptop. The woman looked up. Sophie could swear she was checking her out. Or maybe Sophie was just horny. Either way her thoughts were interrupted when her manager called her name.

“Hey could you take out the trash?”

“Didn’t we do that this morning?”

“Yeah but that book club will be here any second.”

Sophie ran through the days in her mind. Then she remembered. With a quick realization of how busy work was going to be she stopped walking towards the bathroom and started for the trash. Like a child who had their toy taken away, her bladder threw a tantrum. How could Sophie take away relief so quickly? Enraged, her bladder sent shockwaves up and down her thin frame as she gathered the trash. But like a wave, it subsided. As Sophie made her way outside to the dumpster, she had two thoughts on her mind Did Hanna and I just have a date? I hope this book club isn’t too busy tonight, I kind of have to pee.

######################

Nichole looked at the clock. Nearly 45 minutes had passed. Feeling the first hint of her filled bladder, she looked at her now empty energy drink. She could feel its effects as she started to jitter from the caffeine. Or maybe it was nerves. Or her need. Or all three. She tapped her pencil on the desk, the yellow utensil clacking off of the plastic desk. As her energy drink continued to push into her bladder, it mixed with the liquid she had already consumed. Nichole countered sightly using her womanly muscles. A dull ache, it remained as she pressed on through her next set of questions. The empty can was coated with moisture, almost teasing her filling bladder. A silence came back over the room as Nichole returned to her work.

Another question in and the quiet was broken by Maya, who suddenly shot her hand in the air. Nichole looked over, watching her classmate’s jittering legs. Maya had one hand under her desk, but neither hand was taking the test. The professor walked over silently, and in the smaller room he quickly stood over the student, looking over her test. Nichole found it hard to continue to work with him right there. She couldn’t help but eavesdrop on the conversation. Maya spoke in a whisper

“…but I really need to go. I’ll be-“

Nichole couldn’t hear what he was saying but Maya stayed put as he left to go back to his desk. Looking back over at her classmate, Nichole studied her movements again. Her mind flashed back to her night out with Sophie. Oh…She needs to pee…

With that Nichole’s mind wandered back to her bladder. A constant heavy feeling had settled in her abdomen, and Nichole wondered if her blue jeans were too tight. She looked back over at Maya’s jostling legs and started squirming a little too. I shouldn’t look…It’s making me have to go!

#####################

Returning from taking out the trash, Sophie could immediately tell that the book club had arrived. A group of women, some older, some younger had pushed a number of tables together. While keeping her composure outwardly, inwardly her bladder protested. It wanted her to duck into the bathroom quickly. She knew she couldn’t. As Sophie walked back behind the counter to tend to the growing line, she couldn’t help but acknowledge the growing pressure. A pinch that rested right against her shaved pussy.

“Hey! What can I get for you?” Sophie could put on a nice smile when she needed to

As the customer at the counter decided what to order, another warning was sent from Sophie’s bladder to her brain. Without relenting, the pressure forced her knees to jitter slightly. An effective counter. For now.

A few of the customers had put their orders in. While it wasn’t exactly hard work, it was still something to keep her mind off of her need. Kicking the wooden floor with her heel, Sophie nonchalantly took as many orders as she could pass off to both Hanna and Aaron before she’d have to jump in to help. Had someone been able to see through the counter, or if her coworkers turned around, she’d look innocent enough. What none of them would know however, is that the cute emo girl behind the counter was starting to desperately need the bathroom.

#####################

What Sophie didn’t know, was that Nichole was in the same boat. As she worked through her test, each question was seemingly taking longer. The room felt hotter. Maybe it was just her. A desperate shiver ran along her spine. Jittering her jean-clad legs, Nichole took a deep breath. Almost marching in her seat, Nichole alternated her legs as she tried to take the pressure off of her tight pussy. Her classmates paid little attention to her. The few that were distracted had no idea that Nichole had to pee, but they all knew that Maya had to go.

The poor girl had her legs wrapped around each other. They bounced, wiggled and fettered around Maya’s hand, which was now jammed under her new skirt. Gripping her privates while her hips gyrated, everyone could hear Maya’s soft whimpering. Her dark skinned legs crossed and recrossed, making a slight sound as her thick thighs adjusted to her movements. Selfishly, watching her classmate struggle was enough of a distraction for Nichole that she was able to resist the gnawing urge to hold herself.

As the two desperate girls continued their work, the room started to feel warmer. Nichole wanted to drink, but told herself she shouldn’t. The chair was uncomfortable. Or at least starting to feel that way. She dug her knuckles into her back to ease her muscles, but as she pressed into her back it was as though she had pushed her water forward. She cringed and shot her body forward. Rubbing her thighs together in an odd attempt to repel her advancing urine, Nichole was starting to squirm as much as Maya.

Selfishly, Nichole looked at the clock. She could finish before the allotted time was up, she knew that. But she had a little less than an hour if she was going to make it home on time for her date. To make it worse she was slowing down. Her bladder weighed her mind down as well as her body. Like running underwater, Nichole slowly felt her mind unable to press through her need. Now required by her body to start using her hand, Nichole began to grab at her crotch under her desk. It seemed to help. Confident but now desperate, she pressed forward, while pressing her hand against herself. Rhythmically, the college student was able to regain some of her lost momentum.

That was until Maya gasped. Distracted, Nichole looked over to her classmate, who now had both hands jammed against her new skirt. Whimpering, the clearly desperate Maya shot her hand into the air, urgently trying to get their professor’s attention. Without saying a word, he quietly walked over to the struggling student. Nichole was only able to pick up on part of their whispering conversation.

“Please-“

“…I can grade what you have…”

Nichole could hear her desperate classmate beg, but it was no use. She wondered if Maya was even working on her exam at all. Still forced to work one handed, Nichole could find some solace in the fact that at least it wasn’t her. Crossing her legs, she refocused. She told herself she’d make it.

###########

Nichole’s greatest luxury was her ability to hold herself. Unfortunately for Sophie, she had no such grace. Instead, she had a fake smile plastered on her face and her legs crossed behind the counter. At least she was short enough that her thin legs were hidden. Also hidden were her toes, clenching and relaxing while hidden by her long black boots. With each rhythmic pump, they attempted to take the dominating pressure off of Sophie’s tiring peehole. Anything for a new sensation. Sophie had to forget about her need.

A customer gave his order. Sophie punched it into the computer. What was normally a mindless task filled with small talk was quickly becoming silent. The pressure on her tight pussy was also pressing on her mind. Sophie could talk to anyone, but not while also holding back an ocean of spiked lemonade and coffee. The liquids had combined to make a potent cocktail which acted like a battering ram against Sophie’s soft defenses. She clenched again. Rubbing her thighs together while she stood, she repeated the customer’s order back to them. Tea. He had ordered tea. A boiling kettle full of water. Sophie shuttered. A devilish shockwave radiated from her bladder to her extremities. She looked over to Hanna. Hoping against hope that the girl could take this order. Hanna was busy. Maybe Aaron could help. He was on drive thru. The task would fall on her. Sophie wanted to hold herself. She couldn’t.

“J-just a m…moment sir…let me get that for you!” With a fake smile, Sophie grimaced through the pain

Her legs dipped and bounced behind the counter, and Sophie’s normally approachable demeanor had shifted to one of nervous energy. Her bladder spasmed, sending a wave of desperation through her body. Sophie countered with her womanly muscles and fought her basic need. Her thighs had enough friction to start a fire. Tensely she wiggled, wobbled and shook in place. She tried to smile. She tried to stay positive. Sophie could feel the taught pressure in her abdomen, forcing itself down on her shaved pussy. If one could have seen over the counter, or through Sophie’s shirt, her thin stomach would have been bulging. From behind the counter her shaking legs make it equally as obvious that the emo girl was bursting, and yet she was the only one aware of her struggle.

The businesswoman, who just a while ago had been the only other patron, was up next. She wants more coffee? Was the thought that finally broke through Sophie’s piss captured mind. Or maybe it wasn’t a free thought. The very idea of pouring any sort of liquid into anything was enough to break her. It wasn’t polite or dignified of a twenty-two year old, but as Sophie asked the businesswoman what she wanted to order, she felt her hand inch closer to her crotch. The cute emo girl was holding herself behind the counter.

“H-hi miss…wha-what can I get you?” Sophie stammered as the strain of holding it started to break her

“Hi, sorry, I meant to ask you before but-“ The businesswoman was bent forward ever so slightly. “I just got out of a super important meeting and really need to know what the bathroom code is like super quick.”

“O-Oh! Yeah no problem its…” As Sophie began to recite the numbers, her throbbing bladder spasmed.

Every number forced her mind to think about what was behind the bathroom door. A weight that was now entirely forced on her tight pussy, counteracting the pain required more than just what she could muster in her abdomen. Each customer would see the thin girl in jean shorts with both her hands clasped against her crotch, and maybe just a few would wonder if that poor girl taking orders needed to pee. But none knew just how bad it was.

####################

Sophie wasn’t the only one struggling. Nor was she the only one holding herself in public. Nichole was attempting to answer one of her few remaining questions, her hand also plastered against the crotch of her jeans. She felt a rush of hot liquid run towards her opening. She clenched, her legs crossing as she did. Still dry. Moments later, another wave of desperation came over her, this one stronger than before. She felt a hot, burning sensation as she fought hard to counter the strong urge to pee. She dug her hand in harder, wincing as she put some pressure on her swollen abdomen. She pressed her shoes hard into the floor. Nichole whimpered. She looked down. Her bladder was protruding from her shirt, her jeans digging in. She rubbed it. Another wave. First a warm sensation that covered her body, then a cool one. Time stood still. She swallowed. Another question. Her jeans were still dry.

Nichole finished her answer to a question, unable to stop shifting and crossing her legs in a desperate, nervous energy. She felt bloated; heavy even, and she had no idea how long the test had been going for. She tried to ground herself. Remined herself that she had a date tonight. Maybe it helped a little. Nichole felt as though her enthusiasm had dropped, her mind now taken almost entirely by the effort of holding back her floodwaters. For so long she had been relying on the ability of her most delicate muscles. Hoping they could save her, if they were strong enough, she squeezed and contracted her walls in hopes that they could do the trick. Nichole was sure her panties were showing off these contractions. At least they were hidden. Now assisted by her hand, she was gripping her snatch as tight as she could, hoping her crossed legs could deliver her from the pain of a full bladder.

Having stopped paying attention to the time, Nichole’s mind could only concentrate on one thing and that was not releasing her pee. She was starting to leave questions blank. If she didn’t know it right away, she didn’t answer. No longer could she allocate energy to search her mind for answers. Don’t pee. Don’t pee. Don’t pee. Don’t pee. I really have to pee. The same two phrases dominated Nichole’s mind. She hadn’t answered a question in sometime. Distracted. She just wanted to hold it. Her concentration was broken by a sudden gasp. She looked at Maya.

Her poor classmate had both her hands jammed into her skirt, her legs pretzeled together and twisted like a vine. She quickly stood, her desk nearly falling as she did. With one hand against her womanhood and another nearly crushing her test, the black college student darted for her professor’s desk. Without waiting for a response, she tossed the test at him and sprinted for the door, holding herself.

The brief show caused Nichole’s own desperate need to abate. Even just a little. Still holding herself under her desk, she looked at the clock. She was late. Even if she left now, she’d just barely make it in time. She had to finish now. Adrenaline pumping, she felt her need disappear. Her throbbing bladder wasn’t going to get in the way of her social life. With renewed resolve, Nichole took a long, deep breath. She could do it. With a hand gripping her box as tight as she could, Nichole rallied herself. She had a plan. These last few questions, then she’d be off to collect Sophie at the end of her shift and could pee at the coffee shop. It was something. A better plan than none. With strength, Nichole pressed onward.

#################

The bell rang as more people entered, the lightweight door quickly moving as Sophie was confronted with another group. Smaller than the book club, but still more than she needed right now. Worse still, she could see a small line forming at the door to the only bathroom.

If Sophie could turn back time she would. She’d stop herself from having so much to drink. She’d even cut her time with Hanna short. Anything just to get out of the predicament she was in now. One hand firmly pressing into her crotch, the other was snaked around her backside, and held her tender slit from the back. The cold hand of fear gripped Sophie’s heart. Spanning the length of her body like a web, images of her desperate alleyway pee came to mind. A weightless feeling enraptured her arms. Her extremities tingled. They were cold. Nearly every brain function was focused on preventing her bladder from relaxing. Every second she spent behind that counter, every turn of her body seemed to exponentially fill her bladder. Her ability to wait was dwindling, even as she knew her shift was ending.

Sophie could feel her thin legs contracting towards her body. Curling into a tight ball. Anything to feed different sensations to her bladder, anything to counter the mounting pressure. Sophie had never felt so insecure. She couldn’t stop focusing on her need. Her stomach, which she regularly spent time worrying if it was tone and slim, was now bulging. It was as hard as a rock, tight with a force and a pressure that her mind could hardly comprehend. She felt sick. Clammy. Sweaty. If it was the fear of having an accident or the reality of her desperation she didn’t know. She didn’t have time to know.

###############

Walking to her right away from college, Nichole could feel the heat of the late summer sun on her back. It couldn’t distract her from the pent up pee she was holding. Her steps were heavy, but quick. Each jolt was a shockwave to her bladder. Every step on the concrete turned her discomfort into pain. Another breath. In and out. There may have been room inside her lungs to expand, but it didn’t feel like it. The pain of her feet hitting the ground was starting to pale in comparison to the nerves that felt like they were on fire. With each step she risked leaking her hot pee into her panties.

Nichole didn’t know if she should thank or curse the fact that they lived so close to school. That she was even tempted to pee at Sophie’s work instead of school. Maybe it was Nial’s fault. He set up this stupid date so close to her test. But maybe it was her fault for accepting it. Her adrenaline had worn off. The numbness to her own desperation she had been granted was gone. The slow, gnawing burn of a filling bladder had been quickly replaced by the oppressive pull of a girl who was running out of time. Now in a fast walk, Nichole used her strength to hold her muscles tight. She tried to have confidence. She really did.

Another crosswalk. Stopping wasn’t good for her. Good thing she was close. Scanning the buildings ahead, Nichole quickly zeroed in on a small coffee shop. Tucked between two office buildings, it was her target. Her negative emotions evaporated. Strong again, and even more hopeful, she couldn’t help but smile. Shifting her weight back and forth while she waited to be allowed to cross, Nichole found herself balling her fists and then relaxing them again. Breathing confidently through the waves of desperation, she imagined herself making it. Positive visualization. True relief only came when she was allowed to cross. Her brown eyes burned into the small building. The little structure was going to be her release.

Nichole felt invincible. The universe was on her side, rewarding her for her bravery. Though she had to focus her energy on holding it, her anxious mind had no more room to argue. She was going to make it. Shifting her weight from one hip to the other as she walked the pressure in her bladder forced her to ball her fists together rhythmically. At least it kept her situation subtle. Nearly tickling her snatch, her piss pushed on her abdomen. Nichole was forced to squeeze her most private muscles as she walked, it was enough to hold it as she entered the coffee shop. Her rescue.

Or not. Nichole was confronted with a line as soon as she entered. The door just barely shut behind her, and she was staring straight at someone’s back. A tall man. Unable to get a good look at the restaurant around her, Nichole tried to look to her left and right, a sign that told her where she needed to go. She’d been here before, but not to the bathroom. Not seeing one, she crossed her legs and discreetly put her hands to her hips. Her concern was growing just as fast as her desperation and she bit her lip. Just enough that the new sensation might distract her. Then she saw it. A path to the restroom. And a line. Nichole’s heart sunk. Now breathing faster, her worry returned. She cursed herself for not using the bathroom at school. Sticking to her plan and hoping to save herself, Nichole got in the bathroom line.

Keeping her jean clad legs crossed, Nichole took a deep breath. As she stood, she felt the force of a full bladder bare down on her tight snatch. It was as though lightning had stuck her privates from her bladder. A heavy, indescribable weight pressed on her opening. Each passing second made it worse. She pulled her phone from her back pocket. Bent forward, she had her legs crossed. She tried to tap out a text. Trying to tell Nial that she was going to be late. But it was hard to type with one hand. Unable to keep her other hand away from her crotch, Nichole’s bladder had little patience for the line in front of her. It spasmed, kicking against her defenses.

##############

Sophie could feel the pressure web out from her abdomen, all the way down to her toes. She curled them in alternating fashion. Anything to bring in a new sensation, anything to keep from experiencing the weight of a full bladder. She had to at least attempt to look professional, though she felt anything but. Her bladder was like a rock, a stone that was dragging her into an uncaring sea. It was as though every muscle was active in a desperate struggle against herself. No longer was her bladder simply suggesting that she find a time to relieve it, it was now demanding she do so. It needed relief, and it was going to force Sophie to give it just that.

“Um…a-ah…ok” Sophie couldn’t even muster a response to the customer in front of her.

Groaning, Sophie mashed her pussy into her hand, trying to contain her desperate bladder. Exhaling from the strain of holding so much pee for so long caused her bladder to contact and a shiver ran the length of her spine. Already holding her crotch, she was now slightly hunched over. Every drink she had consumed was continuing to work its way through her body and no matter what she did, her ability to keep her condition discreet had evaporated.

The dire reality of the situation was not lost on her. She had to pay attention. Social pressure demanded she pay attention to the needs of the business more than her own needs. Yet she couldn’t. Her bladder didn’t care for rules, it didn’t care about her job. All it knew was that Sophie had downed an entire lemonade plus caffeine and then expected to hold it all for an indeterminate amount of time. It argued its case to her brain, pleading for some release. For now all Sophie was doing was sitting quietly, her legs jittering and jiggling as she stood, hopeful for some reprieve. Suddenly she felt a hand on her shoulder.

“Are you ok?”

It was Aaron. Her replacement stood behind him, blushing at Sophie’s desperation. Her shift was over. She nodded slowly. Most of the coffee shop seemed indifferent to her plight. But even if they were all staring, it didn’t matter. Sophie’s crucible was at an end. Or so she thought.

The bathroom line was longer than she’d like. Her bladder was stretched to its limit. Filled beyond measure. Sophie wanted to scream an obscenity. Instead she bit her lip, nearly enough to draw blood. Making her way past the tables and loud guests, Sophie finally caught sight of Nichole. She stood at the door, the last of what had been an impressive line. Nichole’s nice butt was covered by her jeans. Accentuated by her crossed legs. Nichole was so close to relief. Sophie leaned forward, sucking in air as she did. Nearly crying from her predicament, she waddled towards her friend

“H-hi…” She spoke weakly

“Ohmyogsh there you are!” Nichole spoke excitedly through her desperation “I am seriously about to piss my pants.”

Sophie could only nod. Her own legs were crossed, both her hands holding herself. She tried to stand next to her friend in line, shaking as she did. The best Sophie could do was whimper. Every second was a lifetime. She was aware of everything. The clank of cups and the rattling of dishes. The sounds of banter and lively discussion. And yet, she knew. She knew some of them were staring, wondering. Maybe even hoping that the cute girl from behind the counter was about to pee in her little jean shorts. That she’d soak herself all the way down to her thigh-highs. Every wiggle and wobble was observed. At least, that’s what she felt like.

Sophie could only will the door to open. In some other world, she’d have the strength to pry it off with her bare hands. Wishing would only get her so far. She was sweating. Hurting. Waiting. Her eyes closed. Deep breath. Her eyes open. Door was still shut. She swore under her breath. Sweat poured down Sophie's forehead. She felt hot in every extremity. Her breath was short, quick. Intense. At any moment she could burst. Her breath labored and every muscle tight, she didn't care who knew about her struggle. Just that she wasn't embarrassed. She just wanted to pee. And not all over the floor. Please.

Nichole's tight fitting t-shirt struggled to hide her inflated abdomen. Each side of her filled bladder pounded her snatch with all she had poured into it. Nichole felt hot, sweaty. She held her breath. She groaned. She tried to stay quiet and discreet, but she wasn't sure she could for much longer. Carefully, she walked in front of Sophie, trying to protect her friend from the prying public eyes. The two friends just waited. And waited. Nothing. She felt clammy. Pins and needles followed the goosebumps on her skin. Nichole exhaled, the tension only slightly dissipating. They were the only two in line, and they were about to burst.

People watched. At least, Sophie figured they were. At this point she didn’t care. The strain and stress was too much. A little escaped her defenses and was absorbed by her panties. A small dribble that was just a fraction of the ocean of pee inside her. Her panties were slowly absorbing more and more piss. A slow but nearly constant leak.

It was not a job they were made for. They were starting to darken. An almost tickling sensation against her, Sophie clenched harder. By some miracle it worked. But only for a moment. The pulsing pressure between her abdomen and her pussy had taken hold of her mind. Sloshing her desperately held piss inside her bladder, it collided against her strained defenses. She could hardly see. Tunnel vision.

A wave of desperation came over Nichole just as they stood. At first, it was nothing. Unless one looked at Nichole's thighs, it was hard to notice anything. But she could feel her own panties grow warmer. She took a deep breath. She tried to stop it. Then another rush, a great kick from her bladder. She gasped. It wasn't over. Nichole regained control.

Sophie could feel a forceful spurt spray out of her slit. It made its way past her clenched labia and splashed into her panties, soaking through the damp fabric and creating a small, dark, wet spot on the crotch of her light jean shorts. Grabbing herself, Sophie's legs were bent as she crossed them. People began to whisper.

Unable to remain discreet, Sophie balled one hand into a fist and pressed it against her thigh. Hoping the new sensation would counter her burning need. It didn't help. Her bladder throbbed. Sophie leaked again. The small spot on her jean shorts grew a little more. Another leak. Another spurt. More and more the spot expanded. Sophie's mind was blank, save for her desire to hold it.

Then it happened. The click of the latch. Rescue. Whoever was in there came out. Sophie lunged forward. As she did, more pee began to dribble out of her pussy. Worse still, Nichole reached the door first. As her friend darted into the single bathroom, Sophie made a final desperate move.

“Pleasepleaseplease! I…I can’t wait anymore!” She held the door with her hand, the other gripping her crotch

“Sophie I can’t wait anymore either!” Nichole retorted “I literally have had to pee for hours!”

Nichole tried to shut the door but with few options, Sophie dashed in behind her.

There was a toilet and a sink. Now in a full civil war with their angry bladders, and nearly each other, the friends powered themselves towards their relief. Nichole yanked the toilet lid open, the porcelain smacking against itself. It was too fast, the lid fell back down as she fiddled with the button on her jeans. Relief was there. So close. Her mind relaxed her hold. A warm trickling feeling began in her crotch. Her labia tickled and twinged as she felt a rush of hot pee fall out of her. The crotch of her jeans felt wet and her damp panties became clung to her as she slowly wet them, the same warm sensation against the inseam of her jeans.

Sophie’s legs were shaking against her own wishes. Every muscle wanted to relax, they were at their limit. Her wet panties and small stain on her shorts mocked her. Starting to feel dizzy. Lightheaded. Sophie needed support. The sink next to her. She leaned on it. Tried to focus on Nichole's legs. Sophie couldn't move. She closed her eyes out of exhaustion. Her breath came out slowly. Measured. She couldn't speak. It felt so warm. So inviting. That's when Sophie knew. The only conscious thought she had was that she couldn't stop it. The cute emo girl was pissing herself.

It came out slowly at first. A lowly trickle when compared to the ocean that Sophie was holding, but it was still creeping into her panties and seeping into her shorts. The only sound that came out of her mouth was a gasp. She covered her mouth. That's when Nichole, still fiddling with the button on her rapidly darkening jeans, turned around to witness the start of her friend's accident. Not needing an explanation as to why her friend looked so startled, Nichole could look in horror.

The white tile below Sophie splattered as a puddle began to form.

As if she could somehow stop Sophie’s body from letting go, Nichole demanded

"No! Stop! Stop! I-ah! I can't hold it either!"

Now it was her turn. Nichole's stance widened as a dark stain appeared on the crotch of her jeans. Now slamming the palm of her hand against the toilet lid again, she didn’t bother to stop peeing. The relief was too good. At least the toilet seat stayed up this time.

Every second felt like a year. Sophie's memory was burned with the image of the crotch of her light blue jean shorts turning dark. The small patch then bloomed towards her thighs. Being that she was in shorts, it quickly dripped out of each leg and poured out onto the floor below her. The piss quickly pooled on the tile as the hot liquid slid over it. Traveling backwards, it spilled just under her feet and towards the door. What didn't fall onto the ground slid down her thin legs and sizzled into her grey thigh-high socks. Some of it sat in them, turning the fabric damp, but more spilled through and continued to add to the puddle.

Wet streaks had formed down her legs and into her long socks and even more where her pee had started to pool in her boots. Sophie could no longer stop it, or even attempt to. Her body had gone too far and was too tired to bend to her will anymore. She realized that now. Giving in to her most basic need, she conceded that all she wanted was relief. Her legs shook, glistening as hot piss splattered down her thin legs.

Sophie didn't even care that Nichole was witness to her hissing pee rushing out of her tired labia. As the many different rivulets made their way from the seat of her shorts to the ground, Sophie bent forward. Her shaking knees and labored breath were evidence of her defeat. Even as her rushing pee began to subside, its damage was done.

Nichole hardly had time to process what she was seeing. She was squeezing her muscles as hard as she could. She'd give anything to stop her bladder from spraying hot piss into her pants, but it was an impossible order to obey. Her stout muscles were just as exhausted. In a wide stance, the only thing she could do was listen to the loud hiss coming from her snatch as it sprayed all of her piss into her jeans.

Piss poured out of her, carving thick, dark streaks into her blue jeans like a river through a countryside. Nichole was peeing forcefully enough to overflow that side of her pants, and the piss that sprayed off of her jeans rushed towards the puddle that Sophie had already started, making the entire ground beneath her more akin to a lake than a puddle. As if someone had sprayed it down with a hose. As pee stains made their way down to the cuff of Nichole's jeans, she dropped her head and slouched her shoulders forward, melting into the feeling of relief. Piss pouring from her quickly ran over her feet and into her sneakers, waterlogging them and adding to the soaked ground. A shiver ran down the length of Nichole's spine. Her leg began to twitch at the warmth and relief from holding it for so long. It was the best she could do. Just inches away from the open toilet.

The rushing storm of the friends desperately held urine was finally passing. While still going, which was evident by the glistening piss running down their legs, the splattering rush of liquid and hissing, pissing pussies were quiet again. Sophie wanted to scream in relief. She was done peeing. The end to her torment was immeasurable. It was as if she had just experienced the most intense orgasm ever. A cold shiver ran down her spine. Her stream had begun to stop, her over-saturated panties dripped the excess urine down into her soaked skirt and small beads of pee rolled down her thighs. She looked towards Nichole, who had done the same. Their jaws dropped. The two twenty-somethings were processing that they had just peed their pants.

Surveying the damage they had done, and the massive stain on Nichole's jeans compared to Sophie's small wet crotch, the two fell into an awkward silence. Then Sophie snorted. It was kind of funny. Finally Nichole broke into laughter and Sophie joined her. Laughing was the best they could do for now.

A/N: So what did you think? How do you think Hanna might react to this scene? Would you like to see an alternate version where the two just make it? Do you think Maya was able to make it? I'm thinking of writing a follow up with her, so let me know what you'd like to see.

