Sibling Insensibility - An Owl House Fiction

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2023-11-06 13:52

A/N: 3rd week of Owltober (ignore the fact that it's a week into November). This takes place during the Season 1 episode "Sense and Insensibility". It's something of an alternate take of the action in that episode.

###

Eda trudged through the dense forest, pushing vines and brush out of her face. The soft mud squished under her feet. Maybe heels weren't the best choice for this particular quest, but a career criminal had to keep up appearances, especially if she was about to obtain eternal youth- assuming that shady vendor's story was true.

While swiping another web out of her face, Eda caught a glimpse of a feather popping out of her wrist. She gasped. How long had she been walking?

Eda looked around to make sure she was safe before reaching into her hair and pulling out a vial filled with bright golden liquid. She uncorked the container and gulped it down.

Eda shivered. A chill went through her body, coursing through her veins before settling like a brick in her stomach. She'd been taking these potions for years, but she still wasn't used to the taste or the side effects.

At least it worked. The feathers on her wrists retracted.

She sighed and stuffed the empty vial back into her hair. She couldn't afford to leave a trail when the Emperor's Coven may be nearby.

She also couldn't afford to waste too much time. Eda felt a dull ache just below her stomach. Those potions always had a strong diuretic effect. But that would have to wait. Eda was in a hurry.

Besides, she could hold it. She was a strong woman, not some frail old crone.

The Owl Lady ran a little further before coming upon a clearing. There, in the light cast between the leaves of the canopy, was a statue with horns looming over the empty space.

Eda cleared the vines away from the statue so she could get a good look. Sure enough, it was a small minotaur, crouched down and giving a thumbs up. That was the next marker.

The witch pulled out her map.

"Okay, from the Minitaur, I head due north. And, with luck, I'll get to the Bloom of Eternal Youth before Lilith!" She chuckled and snorted to herself, letting the feeling of superiority wash over her. "Who's frail now, emperor dorks?" She taunted.

Eda's self-serving monologue was interrupted by the sound of twigs snapping.

She gasped, "Someone's following me!"

Eda snapped and summoned a magical sword into her left hand. She quickly ducked behind the statue, hoping to get the jump on whoever was after her.

From her hiding spot, she swirled her right hand in a circle and conjured a fireball above her palm. She tensed up and readied to take down her pursuant.

The steps grew closer, then the leaves rustled. That was her sign to jump into action.

"Spicy toss!" Eda shouted, leaping from her hiding spot.

She heard a familiar scream.

Eda stopped in her tracks and just barely managed to halt her fireball mid throw.

"Lilly?" She asked, astonished.

There, in front of Eda, was her older sister, Lilith. She was alone, disheveled, and covered in dirt.

"Edalyn?" Lilith responded, equally surprised.

Eda dismissed her weapons. She hoped she wouldn't need them. Without any Coven scouts around, there was no reason for them to fight.

Lilith sighed, "And of course you would be here just to be a nuisance."

She composed herself and waved dismissively at Eda, "Why don't you go home and rest? Wouldn't want you breaking a hip."

Eda tried to ignore her sister's jab.

"Sorry, sister, I'm stronger than you think. I'm here to save the Bloom of Eternal Youth from the likes of you."

Seeing her opening, Eda immediately took off running down the path to the north.

"And I'm going to get there before you!" She called back in a sing-song tone.

"No you won't!" Lilith shouted back.

Eda could hear Lilith sprinting after her.

The two witches ran through the forest for quite a while. Their heavy, panting breaths disturbed the silence of the woods. After a few minutes, their echoing footsteps began to slow down.

Eventually, Eda couldn't keep up the pace. She slowed to a stop, leaning against a tree and gasping for breath.

Seconds later, she heard Lilith approach. She stopped right next to Eda, resting with her hands on her hips.

"What's the matter, Lilly?" Eda asked between gasps, "Can't keep up with a frail old woman?" She tried to laugh, but didn't have the air to do so.

"Just…" Lilith heaved, "Just need a second. I'm sure I could…" She paused to take a few more breaths, "Outrun you even at your best."

Eda straightened up and cracked her back. She felt the pressure in her abdomen spike as it fought against the waistband of her dress.

Unfortunately, she really couldn't afford to take a break now.

"Dang, this forest is bigger than I expected." Eda muttered. She wiped the sweat off her forehead.

Eda smacked her lips. Her mouth was completely dried out.

She reached into her hair and pulled out a large flask. She greedily gulped down a few mouthfuls. Her bladder surged in protest, causing her to squeeze her thighs together.

Eda looked over at her sister. She looked tired, too.

Eda offered her the flask.

"Want some?"

Lilith's eyes widened.

"No! No, I'm fine."

"It's just water." Eda poured a little bit out to demonstrate, "It's not apple blood and I didn't poison it."

Lilith visibly blushed and recoiled at the display.

"I said I'm fine." She repeated.

"Suit yourself." Eda shrugged. She chugged down the remaining contents before tucking the flask back into her hair.

Feeling refreshed, Eda stretched out again. She felt ready to keep going.

She looked over at Lilith. Something was off about her. She was leaning over and staring at the ground.

"Are you alright?" Eda asked.

"What?" Lilith looked up with a jolt.

"Is something wrong? You're looking worse than usual."

"I'm fine." Lilith said, crossing her arms and closing her eyes.

Despite her claims, Eda couldn't help but notice that Lilith was shifting from side to side.

A mischievous grin crept across the Owl Lady's face.

"Does Lilly need to go potty?" She asked, voice dripping with smug superiority.

"Why you-" Lilith started to shout, but was cut off. In a moment, all of her composure melted away. Lilith hunched over and shoved her hands between her legs.

Eda began laughing uncontrollably.

"Hahaha. Oh, man. That is rich!"

Suddenly, Eda felt a little bit of pee squirt into her underwear.

She abruptly stopped laughing and tightly crossed her legs.

"Well," Eda cleared her throat, "Why don't you just go?"

"Run all the way back to town and just leave you to get your claws on the Bloom?" Lilith hissed.

"Back to town?" Eda raised an eyebrow, "We're in the woods. Just pick a tree and let it flow."

Lilith cringed at the suggestion. Her dress wrinkled as her hands dug deeper.

"Just because you're comfortable exposing yourself in the wild like a savage doesn't mean everyone is, Edalyn!" She shouted.

"Oh, come on! We did it all the time when we were kids."

"Some of us decided to grow up!"

Eda glared at her sister for a second. Then she realized the opportunity she had. Lilith was clearly at a disadvantage. Either her bladder would continue to slow her down, which would let Eda get to the Bloom first, or she'd wet herself, which would be hilarious.

First, Eda had her own problem to take care of.

"You do whatever you want, sister." Eda dismissed, patting Lilith on the shoulder, "I have to pee. So I'll be right back."

Eda began to walk deeper into the bushes to find good cover. Lilith may not be a threat, but there was no telling what else this forest held.

"Have fun with your break while I get to the Bloom of Eternal Youth first!" Lilith shouted.

"Yeah, I'm so scared, Leaky!" Eda responded.

"I am head of the Emperor's Coven! I will not be slowed down by something so trivial!"

"I'd be a lot more convinced if you weren't currently shaking in your boots."

Eda could hear Lilith groan in frustration.

The Owl Lady let out a satisfied laugh as she climbed through the thick brush.

The promise of relief was causing Eda's body to grow impatient. The dull pressure of her bladder evolved into a shooting pain. She pressed one hand into her dress while using the other to guide herself along the path.

After hauling herself over a few twisted roots, Eda was satisfied that she found a spot with enough privacy.

She began to lift her dress.

Just then, she heard a rustling in the bushes.

Eda froze and dropped her dress. She scanned the tree line for any signs of movement.

"Ha ha, Lilly." Eda called out, hoping it was just her sister trying to be sneaky.

That idea was quickly put to rest as a large, dark shadow dashed between the trees.

Eda groaned. Did this have to happen now?

She reached into her hair and pulled out her staff, gripping it in both hands, ready for a fight.

Eda's legs trembled as she widened her stance. She tried to ignore the pee threatening to burst forth, this could be life or death.

In a flash, a twisted mass of spider webs shot toward the Owl Lady. She managed to block it with her staff.

The webs wrapped around the staff and started trying to pull it away from her. Eda wrestled with the creature, trying to pull her staff free. After a little back and forth, a snap rang out and the pulling force was gone.

Eda laughed, triumphantly, until she looked down.

Her staff was gone. As were her hands. In their place were two bony stumps.

"Oh, come on! I need those!" Eda shouted into the darkness.

She groaned. Without her hands and staff, she couldn't use magic. Even worse, she couldn't take off her clothes to pee!

With no other options, Eda began running in the direction of whatever attacked her, hoping she'd be able to come up with a plan.

Along the way, Eda saw Lilith. She was hunched over and shuffling slowly down the path.

"Hey, loser!" Eda yelled quickly while passing by.

"Hey!" Lilith shouted. Eda could hear her running behind her.

Despite the danger, Eda couldn't help but feel a wave of nostalgia in the moment.

"Doesn't this kind of remind you of racing back home after potions class? Fighting to see who got to the bathroom first?"

There was no response. Except, this was different from Lilith's normal annoyed silence. It was more quiet.

Eda looked back. Lilith was gone.

She looked around. There was no sign of where her sister went.

Eda saw something lying in the grass behind her.

She got closer to investigate. It was Owlbert and her hands! They were sitting next to some footprints in the grass.

Eda squatted down and awkwardly prodded at the fallen appendages with her wrists, trying to get them to reattach. This would be a lot easier if she could focus or hold still.

Squatting down was putting extreme strain on Eda's already struggling pee hole. The Owl Lady's whole body shook as she struggled to put her hands back on.

"Come on! Come on!" She muttered. Eda could feel intermittent drips of pee leaking out of her.

Finally, her right hand snapped into place. Eda immediately shoved her left hand back on and stowed her palisman in her hair.

"Finally!" She shouted. Eda jumped up and threw her arms above her head in celebration.

Once she hit the ground, she realized that was a big mistake.

An uncontrollable stream of urine began to spray into her panties.

"Oh no!"

Eda twisted her thighs together and shoved her newly attached hands between them. She bounced awkwardly on the spot, putting every bit of her remaining energy into cutting off the flow.

It worked. For now.

Eda cautiously lifted her hands to investigate. Her dress was still clean- or, at least, not more stained than it already was. Still, she could feel the moisture soaking into her tights. Small streams were beginning to drip down her thighs.

That wasn't even close to all of it. Eda could feel the rest of her pent-up fluids swelling against her floodgates, no longer content with waiting for release. Her urethra burned from the pressure.

No longer worried about finding a hiding spot, Eda began to lift her dress.

Then, she heard another noise.

"Mmmmh!" Came a muffled shout.

Eda looked for the source of the cry.

"Lilly!" She shouted.

Lilith was up in a tree, wrapped in a giant spider web. A large crab-like creature was looming over her.

Eda forgot everything else that was going on. She drew a circle in the air and summoned a fireball, which flew right at the crab.

The creature screeched as the blast sent it flying into the horizon. At the same time, Lilith was cut free and fell into a bush below her.

Eda jogged over to check on her sister.

"Ally-oop!" Eda grunted, lifting Lilith to her feet.

"Ugh, thank you, Edalyn." Lilith said, brushing off the remaining webbing, "I wasn't sure you'd save me."

"Ah, stow it!" Eda said, "We might fight, but you're still my sister. And besides, if someone's gonna be putting you down, it's gonna be me!"

Eda let out a single, loud laugh and slapped Lilith on the back.

Lilith stumbled forward. Her eyes widened and her face turned red.

"I'm sorry, Edalyn." Lilith said quietly.

"Ah, don't worry about it. I know things get a little rough between us-"

"Not… that…" Lilith interrupted.

Eda looked down. Lilith was bent over. Both hands were between her legs. Judging from the folds in her dress, Lilith was squeezing with all her might. She was trembling.

"I can't wait anymore!" She shouted, tears began to stream down her face.

"Just go!" Eda shouted. "I'll keep a lookout for you!"

Lilith charged into the bushes, stumbling a few times along the way.

Eda looked down and saw dark patches in the dirt where her sister had been standing.

Even after vanishing from sight, Lilith could still be heard grunting and groaning.

There was a rustle of clothing.

"Oh. Oh no." Lilith muttered.

Then, the woods echoed with the explosive patter of what sounded like a waterfall pounding into the dirt.

"Ooooh~" The moan drifted on the air.

Just like that, Eda remembered the needs she had forgotten earlier. A massive wave of desperation assaulted her defenses. Everything she'd been holding in wanted out, and it wanted out now!

Eda shivered. She was conflicted. She wanted to keep a lookout for anything else trying to sneak up on them, but she wasn't sure how much longer she could wait.

While she hesitated, the Owl Lady's body made a decision for her. Another stream slipped out of her. There was no stopping this one! Eda could feel the warm sensation sliding down her inner thigh.

Thinking quickly, Eda took a few steps over to a nearby tree. She hiked up her dress and lifted her right leg, resting her foot against the trunk level with her hips.

Eda lifted the hem of her dress high enough that she could grip it with her teeth.

She grabbed the waistband of her leggings and panties. She had to struggle and shift her hands to pry the damp fabric free from her pale skin.

By the time her clothes were out of the way, the flood had already reached her knees, but the pain in her abdomen hadn't reduced at all.

With her left hand, Eda stretched her leggings and panties up and out of the way. With her right, she spread her lips apart.

Even though she'd been peeing this entire time, Eda was finally ready to let go.

With a slight push, the tap fully opened.

A golden arc burst out of Eda's crotch and shot forward, splattering to a stop against the base of the tree.

The downpour drummed against the dry bark with drops rebounding and splitting off all around. The fallen leaves crunched as they were drenched by the splashback.

Eda's shoulders drooped. Her body began to relax. The stinging pain in her bladder was gradually replaced with a warm feeling of relief unlike anything she'd experienced in a long time.

"Mmmfff!" Eda grunted into the fabric in her mouth. She couldn't remember the last time she made a sound like that.

Eda closed her eyes and rested her head against the tree. For just a moment, she forgot where she was and let herself relax.

She clenched her jaw around her dress as a shiver ran up her spine.

Gradually, the splattering sound became quieter and the pressure in Eda's stomach receded.

The Owl Lady thrust her hips forward as her stream lost power. She wanted to try and avoid getting any more pee on her shoes or leggings.

Finally, the storm subsided and Eda's golden flow dripped to a stop.

"Phew." Eda sighed, spitting out her dress and letting it fall against her extended leg. She stayed frozen in place for a moment, soaking in the blissful feeling of finally being empty.

Eda was pulled out of her euphoric daze by a familiar voice.

"Edalyn, are you alright?"

Eda's ears perked up and her face grew hot. Sure, it was her sister, but this was much more than even siblings would normally see. Thankfully, she had her cloak on, so at least she wasn't mooning the whole island.

Eda lowered her leg to the ground.

"Yeah, I'm fine." She answered, "Just… really had to go."

"I'm sorry." Lilith said. "I lost my composure. I shouldn't have done something so uncouth while you were-"

"Got any tissues?" Eda interrupted. She really wasn't in the mood for another responsibility rant.

"Unfortunately… no…" Lilith answered. She blushed and looked down.

Eda looked her sister over. Between the dim light of the forest and her pitch black dress, it was impossible to tell if Lilith had any signs of an accident.

Eda sighed. She bent down and pulled up her underwear. The previously bright red fabric was now a deep maroon.

She cringed as the thoroughly soaked fabric squished against her nether regions.

Eda pulled up her leggings next. Fortunately, the dark gray color didn't make the stains very obvious. It was practically impossible to see that they were drenched all the way down to her calves.

Just as she finished getting dressed, Eda heard Lilith gasp.

"Is that-"

Eda dashed to her side, pushing her sister out of the way.

"The Bloom of Eternal Youth!" Eda shouted.

Well, at least the flower was real. Hopefully, it really worked. If Eda had gone through all this for a scam, she swore she would feed that merchant his own cloak.
