I Think my Boss Needs to Pee - Page 5

Author: knockonthedoor

*104*2021-12-06 20:29

{{47 minutes ago, orangelion said:

Great scene! I've haven't seen a bed wetting described in so much detail before. It was great even if they aren't my favorite thing. I enjoyed learning more about how Cassie's true self instead of her trying to be tough. On another note, they should pay attention to the hotels they pick from now on.

I think Cassie should avoid telling Karenna about her peeing with Mary-Ann, otherwise Karenna will get extremely jealous. At least until Karenna has her own trip with Mary-Ann.

}}

Thanks for the feedback! As I’ve tried to flesh out Cassie as a character, I feel like she’s kind of a whiner, but also self aware, which must be slightly torturous for her.

And you’re right about not telling Karenna about her bet with Mary-Ann, I think Karenna is completely vulnerable to jealousy when it comes to her relationship with Mary-Ann.

Great feedback, orangelion, thank you!

*105*2021-12-09 06:15

A/N: I'm only doing 2 interludes this time around, Chapter 5 is going to be so large and packed with so much content omo-wise, that I just have to get to it. It will mostly feature the girls trip, save for chapter 5.1, which will explore some of the conflict that appears in this. The inspiration and main set piece for this interlude was requested by @LifeIsStrange

. I always look forward to their comments and this request was fun. It features real desperation and an accident from on of our main girls, and a discovery about the outside world. This one was another fun one! Oh, and questions at the bottom, but no spoilers up here! As always, feedback is not only encouraged, but appreciated!

Interlude 3.2

Karenna lay awake in Chloe’s bed. It had been another night with her and more pleasure for Karenna. But guilt had long since set in. She couldn’t shake the feeling that the only thing keeping her here was Chloe’s sexual tenacity. But the other girl had more in mind. As Chloe slept, her arm lay across Karenna, and their was a smile on Chloe’s face. What kind of person would ruin that for someone else? On the other hand, Karenna wasn’t being true to herself if she stayed. So she lay there, trying to will herself back to sleep. Back to a place where she didn’t feel guilty anymore, or so confused.

Chloe awoke at sometime in the morning. The sun was shining in across the bed and her face, and her apartment was hot as always. It’d be almost too miserable if she didn’t open her eyes and see her girlfriend staring back at her. Chloe smiled. She liked waking up this way.

“Morning K”

Karenna smiled back

“You’d have better slept well, I think I tired you out last night.”

“Feels that way. I have been up for a while though.”

“Where you admiring me?”

“I was thinking about how to get up and pee this morning.”

Chloe pulled her arm in tighter. Her fingers snaked their way down Karenna’s nude body.

“How long have you had to go?”

“I woke up needing to.”

“So does it hurt if I do this?”

Chloe spread Karenna’s pussy lips apart with her fingers and massaged the pink insides with another.

“Mmmfh, not really, but it makes me feel something else.”

Chloe played with Karenna for a bit. She watched her girlfriend close her eyes and enjoy the morning sex. It was gentle, smooth. Chloe asked Karenna about her abnormal sexual desires.

“Do you still pee your pants, K?”

Karenna smiled “Yes.”

“Tell me about the last time you had an accident.”

Chloe could feel Karenna’s pussy start to drip with excitement.

“What’s the day today?”

“Saturday.”

Karenna moaned “I pissed myself on Thursday. I held it all day at work, and the ride home. I was squirming and dancing. As soon as I put the key in the lock, it just started happening.” Karenna stopped her story to moan in pleasure as Chloe continued to hit all of the right spots.

“Did anyone see you?”

“No. I made it inside while still going. Then I shut the door and let it all out. Ohhh!” Karenna was close to climax

“And was it a big puddle?”

“…Yeah” Karenna was trying to talk through moans. Chloe let her moan and come to her climax while she talked

“I’ll bet you were so embarrassed when you had to clean up your little accident. A business woman like you having to dry up the puddle she made. What would your boss do if she caught you?”

With that, Karenna came. Her oozing juices coated Chloe’s hand, satisfying the Asian. Chloe figured she had had Karenna cum with the thought of her boss embarrassing her. But Karenna had came at another thought of what Mary-Ann would do. Still panting, her eyes now open, she looked over at Chloe.

“Speaking of which. I still haven’t gone this morning.”

Chloe brought her hand back up, and circled Karenna’s belly with her fingers. Chloe hadn’t gone yet either.

“Tell me again what you said your fantasy was.”

Karenna had another. But she remembered what she had told Chloe

“I…I want to pee my pants in public.”

“Right, and I’ve always wanted to know what gym girls do when they need to pee.”

“Chloe…I don’t know if I could do that.”

“Sure you can. Besides, I’ll be there.”

Karenna had mixed feelings. The excitement of letting go in public was enough of a prize to consider it. But an accident in the gym? She agreed with Mary-Ann, she shouldn’t be destroying others property.

“Chloe, as hot as it is. I can’t just ruin the equipment for everyone else.”

“Then try and hold it. Accidents happen you know.”

“But, I-“

“I’ll be holding it with you. It’ll be one of those things that couples do.”

Karenna still was unsure. But Chloe had done enough to convince her to at least give it a shot. She put up one final, weak objection

“I came here right after work. It’s not like I have gym clothes with me.”

Chloe smiled, having gotten her way. “I’ve got some cute little shorts for you.” Chloe continued slyly “And you can even borrow a pair of my panties.”

Karenna found the idea hot, despite her apprehension. She nodded her head, consenting. Chloe ran her hands through Karenna’s hair, she was ecstatic. The two began their hold.

An hour had passed, and Chloe could feel the pressure in her bladder, she knew that Karenna must be feeling it as well. She had dressed her girlfriend in an old T-shirt of a band she no longer listened to, and a short pair of grey athletic shorts, with a pink accent. She looked hot enough to take right there in the doorway. Chloe grabbed an extra sports drink and tossed it to Karenna.

“Here. Hydrate.”

“I want to at least have a chance to make it through the workout.”

“Yeah but I don’t.” Chloe said with a stern tone

Karenna took a sip. It was blueberry, not her favorite flavor, but at least it would get the job done. She wanted to make it through the workout, and had resolved to do so. The gym was only a block away, and Karenna was sure that if she could make it through the workout, she could make it back here. It was an odd conundrum. To have given her desire to Chloe, and to now be actively attempting to deny herself. But she was not going to hurt someone else by engaging in her favorite pastime. It bothered her that Chloe apparently did not share the same mental barrier. On the other hand, she’d be holding it with Chloe for the first time, and that in of itself was exciting. Chloe never wet for her after that one time, nor expressed any desire to do so. Maybe today would change that.

The walk to the gym wasn’t too long, but the cold air of the outside had done a number on Chloe’s bladder. As she and Karenna entered the gym, she crossed her legs for a moment. She looked back, smiling at her girlfriend. Karenna stood there, bouncing her legs up and down. Chloe showed her card to the man at the counter and the two lovers made their way into the heated space. By the windows there were a set of treadmills, the corner next to the bathroom was mirrored and had a set of dumbbells and free weights. Rowing machines and other athletic equipment had there own stations within the building. Chloe was surprised at how few people there where inside, the six others who were going to watch her girlfriend lose control. Chloe was aroused. This was a new feeling, to have others share in her experience with Karenna.

Karenna suggested to Chloe that they warm up on the treadmills. If she was being honest with herself, the treadmills worried her the most. Karenna was worried about leaking on them later. It was not a problem she had faced before, but she had heard stories from Nia about some of the girls at basketball practice. Karenna started the machine, with Chloe next to her and began walking. She looked straight out the window, determined to hold it, no matter what. She was thirsty. Karenna sipped her sports drink, the taste still bothering her.

Chloe’s machine read twenty minutes. Her bladder told her that it was time to release. It was hard to hold on a treadmill. The thumping of her shoes on the fake track shot warnings throughout her body. Chloe knew it was going to be a problem, but she was going to have to stick it out for Karenna. She looked at her girlfriend; Karenna had her hands balled into fists as she walked. Like a good girl, she had downed most of the sports drink Chloe had given her. The excitement of what Karenna was going to do for her encouraged Chloe to hold it. It turned her on.

“I think we’ve warmed up enough K.”

Karenna turned, exhaling. She nodded and turned off her machine. The partners stepped off, both feeling their bladders asking for relief. Karenna crossed her legs and bent forward, her hands still clenched into fists. She crouched slightly, holding herself with her thighs. Chloe took notice

“I think my little K needs to pee.” She wrapped her arm around Karenna’s abdomen and squeezed.

Karenna bladder responded by sending pain through her entire body. From her toes to her chest, Karenna could feel the pain her bladder felt.

“Ah! Chloe! No!” She sounded like an angry pet owner

“Just testing you. I guess you’re not lying.”

Karenna was still bent, trying to use her body weight to prevent leaking.

“Why...why would I lie?”

“Maybe you’re not that desperate. And maybe we should do some squats next.”

Karenna gulped. She knew the stress and strain her body was about to endure. You will hold it. You will defy the odds. Do it for you. Do it because Mary-Ann would be proud of you for doing the right thing. You can do it!

Karenna gave herself encouragement. But it still hurt, and the hard wall that the two put their backs against let its weight be known. Karenna’s heart pounded, she told herself she’d hold it. She had to. Chloe said that twenty would be all she shad to do. Twenty seemed like enough. Their backs to the wall, Chloe led them both into a squat. Her body sliding against the hard wall, Karenna crouched. Her bladder hated the movement and demanded that her morning pee and sports drink pound the inside of her body. She felt the pain. She stopped her movement and exhaled before coming back up.

“That was a half of one.” Chloe said as she came up out of her squat

“That’s the best I can do.”

“No it isn’t. With me, K.”

Chloe bent down, sliding her back down the wall. She deepened her movement, exaggerating it.

“One.”

Chloe waited in her position. Her bladder wasn’t having it. It warned her. She clenched, telling it to listen to her as she watched Karenna attempt the same movement. Her black girlfriend slid down the wall, her legs shaking as she did so. She nearly wobbled as she reached the apex of her movement. Chloe slid back up, her bladder warning her not to do that again. She didn’t listen. Chloe slid back down the wall. As she did, her bladder needled her. She wasn’t as good at holding as she thought she was. Her own body was stronger than her mind. As she held her squatting position, it pressed down on her pee-hole. Chloe felt a bead of sweat break out, her muscles couldn’t stand the movement.

“Two”

Karenna was shaking. She didn’t want to do another. But she had agreed to this. There was no way she could do twenty. It hurt, to feel her swollen bladder as she bent down. Deepening her stance, she could feel a rush to her opening. She clenched. As hard as she could. Her whole body shook as she tried to hold it. She followed Chloe out of the squat. Reaching the top, she felt the smallest drops escape. A warning.

Chloe was struggling. But she was watching her girlfriend shake and squirm even more. She needed to keep her role, no matter what her bladder argued. She watched Karenna intently, her girlfriend had the look of a competitor in her eye. Chloe eased into a squat again. Her bladder, her body made one final protest, begging her to stop.

“Thre-AH!”

Karenna watched as Chloe shot into an upright stance. She bounced away from the wall, clutching herself and her black shorts.

“N-no..”

A yellow liquid ran down Chloe’s leg. Some more splashed out of her black shorts. It stopped. Chloe had held on. For now.

“M-maybe I-I-I’ll just watch you do it.”

“What’s the matter Chloe? I thought you said we have to get deeply into our squats.”

“Uh, well, um…I have n-no idea what I’m talking about…lets-lets lift some weights. Or not do anymore squats?”

Karenna smiled, she had the upper hand, even as a small spirt escaped her and wet the panties she was wearing.

Karenna does this on purpose? Why? Chloe hated the fact that her panties were now damp. They almost stuck to her. At least her shorts where black, and a stain wasn’t visible. But not only was she wet, she still had to pee. She had to speed this ‘workout’ along.

“Lets just do 10, ok?”

“Oh, so now that Chloe has to pee, we have to do everything quick?”

“N-no! I just…want to be nice. Y-you look like you need it.”

Karenna smiled. She was in control. She could do it, she felt like she was going to make it. They started to lift weights. Just ten was going to be easy.

Chloe shifted her weight from foot to foot while she lifted her weights. Karenna had chosen fifteen’s, and was going much slower than Chloe with her five’s. The first six went by fast, especially for Chloe, who had much less resistance. She was in the middle of her seventh motion when she heard the floor splatter. She looked at her girlfriend. A baseball sized wet patch was now on the front of her grey shorts. Karenna had a look of shock on her face.

“I-these are t-too heavy for me.” The patch started to grow again, but stopped before anymore hit the floor.

As Karenna walked over to the rack, she tried desperately to hold it. She burned with desire. She wanted to do it. She wanted to hold it. She could barely hold it. No. You’re not peeing your pants here. Not now. You’re not doing it. And clean up that mess! Karenna grabbed a free paper towel from the wall dispenser and dabbed it into the small puddle she made. Another leak as she stood. Her warm panties and clammy pants wanted her to lose it. She refused again. She had to finish her ‘workout’. She was on her final motion when she leaked some more. The end was near, whether she wanted it to be or not.

The thigh machine stood before them. A titan to the two desperate girls. Karenna leaked just looking at it. Chloe wouldn’t admit it, but she did as well.

“You first.” Chloe said, trying to be confident

Karenna nodded. She would be the one with actual confidence.

One thrust of her thighs. Then out. It stretched her, tested her limits. It showed off her wet patch. Another motion, this one back inside. Then another out. Karenna winced as more made it’s way past her defenses. The wet patch grew again. She exhaled. She could hold it.

“Uh..hhh”

Chloe was making an odd noise. Karenna looked at her black shorts. Chloe’s left leg was glistening. A yellowish liquid down her thigh.

“Chloe! You’re-“

“No! I’m not.” She grabbed Karenna’s wrist hard “Come!”

She rushed Karenna off of the machine, and dashed for the bathroom, pulling Karenna behind her. Once inside, she shut the door behind her and locked it. Still ahead of Karenna, she whipped her shorts around her ankles and let out a furious stream.

“Ahhh! Ohh! I just couldn’t…Ahhhh”

Chloe let the flood gates open as she hovered above the toilet. The water was pierced with such a racket that anyone outside the restroom could hear it. It nearly drowned out the hiss of Chloe’s body as she relieved herself. It was enough to drown a small creature.

It was so concentrated from being held all night, that Karenna could smell her girlfriends piss, despite being a yard or so away from the toilet. She refused to give in. She’d wait her turn. Her sympathetic bladder wanted her to let go. Chloe probably wanted her to let go. And yet, she held. She clenched her muscles with all her might, both inside and out. Karenna would not give in. Not even if she leaked a little again. Even with her bladder screaming and punching her genitals like a petulant child. Karenna would never. She was determined to do the right thing. To play without making someone else clean it. She would not piss on this floor.

Opening her eyes, Chloe saw her girlfriend squirming a writhing before her. Standing fully, she wiped, becoming her normal self again as the toilet flushed. It was hot to watch Karenna now that she didn’t have her own need to attend to. She grimaced as she put her shorts and panties back on. They were damp. Chloe still hated the feeling. She wasn’t dry, but she was grateful she had picked her black shorts. Especially when she looked at the damage Karenna had already done to hers. It was obvious that Karenna had been leaking. Karenna started to make her way to the toilet. Chloe grabbed her waist.

“That’s not for you, you have more exercises.”

“Chloe. No. I’m-I’m done. I will not…here.” She shook. To desperate for sentences “Home.”

Chloe pouted, not getting her way. She had done so much to aide her girlfriends fantasy, and this is how it was going to end? She decided she’d get her embarrassment somehow.

“Fine, come with me.” She grabbed Karenna by the wrist, leading her like a child out of the bathroom.

As they passed the man behind the counter, Chloe had to stop. The man thought Karenna was in pain. She was, but not for the reason he thought. Chloe spoke for her

“She hates public restrooms, and had to much to drink. She’s fine though!”

The two made it out the door, the cold wind smashing into Karenna’s bladder. It contracted. As they walked down the steps onto the sidewalk, Karenna had a steady trickle of pee into her panties. She had made it. She wanted to tell Chloe as a rush of endorphins kicked in.

“Chloe…I-I-I…”

Loved it? Hated it? Love you? Hate you? They all mixed together. But Karenna told the truth

“I just can’t hold it anymore!”

The trickle turned into a steady flow as the dark patch on Karenna’s shorts expanded. They turned the grey fabric dark, and ran right over the pink accents. It was Chloe’s turn to watch

The splattering of the concrete below was loud. Obvious. Quickly, a few drops turned into a small puddle. The flow didn’t end there as it ran down both of her girlfriends legs. Some even splattered Chloe’s shins. Chloe looked up, a girl carrying a gym bag stood there, her mouth agape. Chloe shooed her off

“Watch how much you drink today!”

The lady awkwardly walked into the gym, not wanting to be near the girl who was peeing her pants. Chloe hugged Karenna. It was even hotter than how Karenna described it. A visceral experience for Chloe. Karenna was vulnerable. And only Chloe could comfort her.

It was everything Karenna wanted. She could feel the heat around her crotch and the heat from her face. It was just like her first accident, but without Sarah. It was a fantasy for her. To really be the girl who couldn’t hold it anymore. And, even as she could feel herself draining, she was that girl again. Karenna’s nipples were hard. Chloe hugged her. She was aroused too.

Chloe looked up. The man behind the counter was watching everything though the glass doors. Chloe gave him a look as if to say told you so but inside she was ecstatic at the outcome. She whispered in Karenna’s ear

“Everyone’s watching. This is so hot”

Karenna just enjoyed the last few drops of pee into her panties. She didn’t say a word. She broke her embrace with Chloe. Now in soaking wet shorts, she had to make her way back to the apartment. With no other option, the two walked, Karenna developed goosebumps from the cold air and her rapidly cooling pants.

A man saw her. He averted his gaze. A young couple. They looked sympathetic. None of them said a word about the pants that Karenna had just pissed into. Maybe Cassie was right. No, maybe those two girls were right. No one cares or they feel sorry for you. Karenna was wet at the thought Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to get caught. Guess I should have just finished in front of Cassie. Like she asked. Karenna crossed the street. The apartment near. No! You’re just horny. Let Chloe take care of it and stop thinking about someone else. And not Cassie! Not in that way! Karenna’s mind teased her with a mental image of Mary-Ann. Karenna needed sex, and she needed it now.

#####################################

The rest of the afternoon went ok. Karenna made them lunch. Chloe couldn’t cook for her life, but at least she knew how to pleasure Karenna. It wasn’t much, just thrown together from things in the cabinet. But Karenna had been keeping up her water intake. It was hot in the small apartment. Chloe smiled

“I really had fun today. Thanks K.”

“I can’t believe no one said a thing. You know they all saw me.”

“So when are we doing it again?”

“I didn’t know we were.”

“I’ve got to go to the mall in a week or so. I’ve got some unwanted Christmas things to return. Maybe you join me after ‘forgetting’ to pee?”

“Wasn’t Christmas like two months ago?”

“Yeah…don’t judge me!”

“Too late.” Karenna joked

“Do you think people will judge me for having an ‘accident-prone’ girlfriend?”

“It’s up to them to say anything. I’m still shocked no one did.”

“Well maybe we have to find someone who will.”

Please no. I had that once before.

Chloe continued “It’s your fantasy, not mine.”

#####################################

Karenna didn’t know what to make of that last statement. She put on her business clothes after they finished eating and decided to go back home. She still mulled over Chloe’s statement. Didn’t she like this too? You never have this confusion with Mary-Ann. Maybe she can help you with this.

As Karenna exited the apartment building, the cold wind hit her. Despite the extra layer or two from her Friday work clothes, it was still cold. The wind had kicked up that feeling inside her. After a long hold she always felt her bladder again. She would qualify her experience with Chloe as a long hold. She thought of her new realization. How no one cared. Do it. Be the business woman with no time for bathroom breaks. Your car is just over there. Do it.

Karenna didn’t need to tell herself twice. Instantly the bright blue crotch of her business slacks darkened. From bright, deep blue to dark, almost navy blue. As she walked, it spread, running down the inseams of her pants. The piss streamed down her legs. They were warmed by her little ‘incident’. The wet streaks completely covered the inside half of both pant legs in the front. The back was just as drenched. Spilling out past her cuffs, Karenna’s over flowing pee pooled into her heels. They squelched as she walked, and left heel prints of pee on the sidewalk. Between her wet prints was a trail of little dots, specks of piss that had exited her dress pants.

Her pulse raced. Had she really just done that? She looked up. A man on his phone. He didn’t notice. A women just behind him. She smiled at Karenna, who smiled back. She hadn’t looked down to see what Karenna did. If nothing else from today, Karenna learned that no one cared if she did it in public. Her heart beat faster as she made it to her car. She wanted this again and again. Maybe not Chloe. But this. Or maybe Chloe. She didn’t know. As she was about to climb into her car, someone finally noticed.

“Oh you poor dear!”

A kindly old woman was standing outside of her own car, waiting for her husband to get out. They looked so kind. Karenna wanted to play her role. The business woman with no time for breaks

“Sorry ma’am, got another important meeting. Can’t waste time looking for a bathroom.”

The old man heard her comment. He tisk-ed with his tongue

“Folk just move to fast these days.”

He continued to ramble as Karenna shut the door. She felt so much more at peace. No one in the world but Sarah cared that much. She had to tell Mary-Ann. She had to tell her a lot of things, but this one for sure.

#####################################

The walk up her apartment stairs was easy. Karenna felt invincible with her knew found knowledge. She still wanted someone to see her. But as she made her way to her apartment door, no one did. She wanted to talk to Mary-Ann. But she was away with Cassie. Karenna shut the door behind her and took off her soaked pants. Next came her shirt and bra, which she tossed over the couch. She grabbed a T-shirt and put her pants in her hamper, but kept her peed panties on. She could pretend that she had a weak bladder for the rest of the day. It was a least partially true.

Suddenly her phone rang. It was Cassie. She thought it was odd, but maybe something was wrong. Cassie was supposed to be riding home with Mary-Ann today. Karenna decided to pick up.

“Hey Karenna. It’s Cassie. Is now a bad time?”

“If it was, I wouldn’t have picked up. What’s going on?”

“I just had the best, most awesome trip with Mary-Ann! The hotel sucked, but that’s ok. I really enjoyed it!”

“Oh. That’s nice. Glad to hear it.”

“Yeah. So…uh, how are you?”

“Fine. I guess.”

“Cool. Hey, have you ever had problems with a friend group? Like you feel they’re keeping you down?”

“Where’s this question coming from?”

“Well, I was talking to Mary-Ann and she said that I could really help myself out if I got around better people. You seem like good people. And plus, I’d like to start fresh.”

“Cassie, I told you. I don’t like second chances. Is that what you’re asking from me?” Karenna felt another twinge in her bladder

“I-I guess. I just-I want. I want something real. But it feels like I can never get it- not from friends. Not from boyfriends- I mean, sex is nice and all, but sometimes I just want a conversation.”

“I know that!” Karenna was desperate to voice her issues. Her bladder asked her again for relief.

“Boyfriend issues?”

“In a way. Like you said. Sex is nice and all, but I want someone to connect with.”

“Yes! I mean, if I have an issue, and just need someone to tell me that its ok, or if I just want someone to be happy for me, that shouldn’t mean sex!”

“I hear you! Forgive me if this is too much, but Cassie, do you mind if I share?”

Cassie jumped at the opportunity. A chance to be helpful “Go ahead!”

Karenna knew she might be on the phone for a while. She decided that she’d better relive her bladder beforehand, so that it wouldn’t get in her way. She released, turning her purple panties into a glistening dark pair. Her pee ran out of them immediately, and pooled on the chair she was sitting on. It began to splash over the edges. Karenna pushed out more. Cassie asked

“Are you sure this isn’t a bad time?”

“No, I’m just washing my hands.” Karenna lied

Cassie laughed “I thought you were going to the bathroom! Funny how the mind works.”

Karenna chuckled back “Not that you haven’t seen that from me before.”

“Yeah, and I can’t believe you even bothered to pull your pants down!”

“Fine then Cassie, next time I won’t!”

“There’s going to be a next time?”

“I…um…well…not exactly. Weren’t we supposed to be talking about boyfriends anyway?”

“Oh! Yeah! Talk to me!”

Karenna explained everything. She wasn’t sure how Cassie would react to Karenna dating another girl. She used the pseudonym Chris. This ‘Chris’ shared nothing in common with Karenna except that they were good at sex and that they were down for anything that Karenna wanted in that regard. But they were also controlling, petulant, and maybe, if their comments about Karenna’s fantasy were anything to go by, even manipulative. Karenna didn’t say or even mention her fantasy directly, but just took it into general terms. That this ‘Chris’ would twist her words to get their way. Cassie interjected

“Give him like one more shot and then if he doesn’t click, just end it. Trust me Karenna, plenty of guys are good at sex. You’ll find another.”

“But what about his feelings?”

“Yours are important too!”

Karenna smiled. “You’re right Cassie. You know, thanks for calling. I feel better.”

“I’m usually at Gerald’s bar over on Franklin avenue. Does this mean I will I see you there sometime?

“Maybe. I guess I owe you one now Cassie.”

Karenna thanked her as the two hung up. There was something about that girl that drew her in. But Karenna just couldn’t figure out what it was.

A/N: What are your thoughts on Karenna and Chloe's relationship? Do you agree with Cassie's advice or should Karenna try and stick it out. Is Chloe really manipulative and controlling or is Karenna just not really into the relationship as much as she should be? Would love to know your thoughts as well as your feelings about Karenna's discovery about wetting in public.

*108*2021-12-10 05:35

{{14 hours ago, PeeHour said:

I don't think Chloe is actually manipulative; rather Karenna is just not that interested since her mind is mainly on Mary-Ann. (And maybe a little on Cassie too now?) I can see the issue of Chloe not really being into Karenna's fantasy as driving a wedge between them..

It'll be interesting to see how Karenna uses her new public wetting knowledge. Will she take it too far? Will she get Mary-Ann into it? I guess we'll find out!

}}

{{9 hours ago, orangelion said:

I also don't think that Chloe is being manipulative, rather she likes to be dominating sexually rather than being submissive. And particularly in this interlude, I think she was trying to do something nice for Karenna and get her to fulfill her fantasy. Karenna was too shy to do it voluntarily so Chloe ended up having to "force". That might have made Chloe seem manipulative even though she did it for Karenna and Karenna herself enjoyed it. I think Karenna should open herself up to Chloe, tell her what she wants in a relationship and give her one more shot.

I think Karenna might take her public wetting too far and Mary-Ann will have to rein her in. She already sometimes takes it too far in the office sometimes.

}}

{{21 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I really like their relationship so far and I agree with Cassie's advice to stick it out, I don't think Chloe is manipulative or controlling personally.

You did a great job on gym scenario, I chose that one because it reminded me of one of my favorite stories from Shara and Ger's.

}}

I love all of the insight here! I never wanted Chloe to come off as abusive or just a complete jerk, which I feel like could have happened. I don’t obviously want to introduce that into this story, so I’m glad the complexity of their relationship was well observed. To PeeHour’s point, the two may just be incompatible, but I see Chloe trying to fight hard for their relationship. And maybe, to Orangelion’s point, Karenna really hasn’t opened herself up to Chloe enough to tell her what she wants.

Great recommendation by LifeisStrange as well. It was a great scene to write!

*109*2021-12-11 19:37

A/N: This is a much different 5.1 than I originally had in mind. But I liked how it came out. It's the most story heavy sub-chapter in chapter 5, and the only one that is outside of the girls trip with Mary-Ann, Karenna, and a mystery girl who is revealed in this section! I felt like this one was a little bittersweet at the end, and I think some valid points were made about Karenna's character. I also feel like this could be a very controversial segment, so let me know. As always, feedback is not only encouraged, but appreciated.

Chapter 5.1: Karenna the Selfish Woman

Whatever had changed in Chloe’s life, it made Jason’s a lot easier. As he made coffee and café food at breakneck speeds, he could hear Chloe behind him, giving a bright and friendly greeting. They were packed, a huge line, both in the drive through and in front of the counter. But now, with a happy and motivated Chloe, work had become that much easier. Some of her energy rubbed off on him, and as he passed the ham, egg and cheese sandwich to the woman behind the wheel, he knew that was his best one of the day. He could only imagine what good feelings Chloe had.

Chloe had to pee. Really badly. Not that it wasn’t planned, but when a rush of customers happens at an irregular time, it can throw off an entire schedule. She greeted another customer, took their order, and stared longingly at the trash can behind them. Her ticket to relief was to take the garbage out. To get into her secret spot. It might be a cold late-winter day but the thought excited her. She could feel it, her full bladder. She bounced in place, excitedly jittering behind the counter. Her smile, even through her pain, was clearly infectious. One by one, each customer put on an equally happy face when they saw the Asian woman, assuming she was just as happy as she wanted them to think she was. Chloe knew that they didn’t know how bad it was. The crossed legs and the pressed thighs. It was all just part of her excitement.

##########################################################################################

“The Blue Chip” restaurant had to be the best local eatery in town. Salads, meats, no matter what one’s palette favored, it would get satisfied here. It was the perfect place to go for Karenna, especially when she was feeling as low as she was. There was no better way to spend a half-day Friday than eating here with her little circle of friends. The open restaurant had just a few people dotted around it, for most, it was the middle of the workday still. A hand went up from the corner of the restaurant, and motioned for Karenna to join it. It was her friend Nia, finally back in town after her season had ended.

“Oh my gosh, girl how are you?” Nia greeted her happily

Karenna hugged her. “Sorry about the season! I thought you guys had it.”

“You win some you lose some. 47 got away with a foul, but. It happens. Hey, I’m here now with you at least.”

“Yay! I wish we got to see more of each other if I’m being honest. A phone call or text just isn’t the same.”

“I know, it’s just hard during the season. I’m taking some time to myself up state next weekend though, this year was brutal!”

“So we’re both out next weekend then. What’s Samantha going to do?”

The waitress came over with a water for each. Karenna ordered her favorite soda to go along with it.

“I’m sure she’ll be late going somewhere.” Nia checked her watch. “Kinda like she is now. What’s the occasion Kar? You never take a vacation?”

“Mary-Ann and I are taking a girls trip. I’ve been really looking forward to it! You should meet her sometime, she’s just like you.”

“If you say she’s good company, she must be. Maybe someday. Going somewhere fun again?”

“Actually we really haven’t picked a good spot yet.”

Nia’s eyes lit up. She pointed at Karenna “You know what? You two come up to the mountains with me!”

At first Karenna was overly excited. Her two most favorite people in the world, and a week to spend with them. And a ton of extra clothes to play with Mary-Ann! Wait…She couldn’t do anything with Mary-Ann if they stayed at Nia’s. On the other hand, Nia would be offended if she didn’t and worse yet, she’d miss out on an opportunity for Karenna’s two most favorite people in the world to finally meet. Maybe Nia would let you though. Maybe she’d even like it. Karenna tried to scold herself for thinking about forcing it on someone else. But maybe she could find a way. She smiled at the idea

“Let’s do it!”

Nia gave her a high five and Karenna started to think of different ways she could bring up the ‘fun’ of hang out with Mary-Ann to Nia. It was going to be challenging, but she’d find a way. Or even better, what if she and Mary-Ann both did? The waitress came back and Karenna started to gulp down her favorite soda. She was already feeling better.

##########################################################################################

As Chloe thanked the last customer in line, her bladder almost wanted to give out. Under the counter, she grabbed herself. Pulling her jeans up, she squirmed as she nearly gave herself a camel-toe. She looked around the coffee shop, customers were packed into nearly every corner and table, having conversations among themselves, using their computers, and playing on their phones. None of them would notice if she desperately took the trash outside, would they? She asked Jason

“Hey, I’m taking out the trash.”

“Does it really need to be taken out?”

“Um…yes. Yes it does.”

Jason looked over to the receptacles. They were certainly close to full, but not enough to take them out at the end of a rush.

“I need you here Chloe, can you get on this order?” He pointed to a ticket.

“But I-fine.” Chloe grumbled as she waddled over to the food station. She hoped he didn’t see how hard her thighs were pressed together.

Chloe made each item as fast as she could. There were three sandwiches, and thanks to the streamlined menu, each were rather easy. A pop in the microwave and they’d be hot and ready to go in moments. But Chloe had never felt as if the microwave ever took as long as it did. It must have known how badly she had to pee. She jumped up and down in front of it, her ponytail bobbing as she did.

“How much coffee did you have Ms. Hyper?” Jason gave her a pet name

“I’m just really looking forward to seeing my girlfriend tomorrow.” Chloe wouldn’t tell him that she was practicing for it, or how bad she needed to go at the moment

“What are you two up to now?”

“Just shopping.” Chloe told part of the truth “But she’s really sweet and cute. I really like spending time with her.”

“I’ll say. I’ve never seen you so worked up.”

Chloe smiled. Being with Karenna made her smile. She passed off her work to Jason who gave it to the customers in the drive thru. She demanded again.

“Alright. Trash time.”

“Fine by me. But I don’t get why you’re so excited about it.”

“Thing are different when you’re in love!” Chloe knew the line was a little cheesy. But it was the whole truth.

The trash wasn’t that heavy, but it was cumbersome. At least she was outside, where it was hard for anyone to see her awkward movements. As Chloe swung it behind her, it hit her in the back with more force than she was expecting. It sent a rush of urine forward. Clenching and bending her knees, she held it. Realizing that she acting like the girl in her fantasies, she grabbed at the crotch of her jeans again. She let herself slip into her favorite fantasy. Closing her eyes, she made herself the new girl. Chloe put on a desperate expression as she opened her eyes, pretending that she was too shy to ask for a bathroom. She donned a new persona as she entered the three walled dumpster area.

Tossing the bag of trash into the dumpster, she took her usual position next to it. Unless someone came into the area and looked over the dumpster, she was hidden. Chloe played out her usual scenario. She looked around while she marched her feet, pretending to make a desperate decision, and not one that was planned from this morning. Undoing the buttons on her jeans and moving the smock out of the way, she squatted.

But unlike usual, she kept her panties over herself. They were white, with black stripes running through them. The first wave of pee hit them, turning them slightly colorless. But Chloe stopped. She hated this feeling. The warmth around her crotch was slightly enjoyable, but the reality of what she was doing hit her. Was she really about to pee herself? She thought of Karenna. What a surprise it would be for her when she saw Chloe doing it too. It was going to be brave of her to do it at the mall, in front of all those people, and she’d be as vulnerable as she had been at the gym. For Chloe to be able to do it with her. To show her that she found it hot too, it would make Karenna understand how much she meant to Chloe. Taking a quick breath, Chloe gave herself permission to wet. Looking down, she saw that she had been leaking the entire time she had been thinking.

She relaxed again. It didn’t take long for her striped panties to overflow and turn completely transparent, her slightly yellow pee sprayed through them. Like it would have done without the fabric barrier, her stream splattered on the asphalt. Two small flows escaped and made smaller drips into the puddle she was creating underneath her. Her butt dripped with pee. It had pooled in her panties and soused them in hot piss. As Chole tried to imagine herself in her favorite fantasy, she just couldn’t. It wasn’t the same to her as it would have been if she was just peeing. Looking down, she had peed enough in them. She pulled them away.

Her stream got stronger as her puddle grew again. The asphalt was now a dark, almost black color as it failed to absorb her pee. Now Chloe was horny. This was the best of both worlds. Having been so desperate that the ‘new girl’ started to wet herself and was now peeing a hard stream onto the ground was even better. She loved it. As her stream ended, she loved Karenna even more. In a way, she showed Chloe this. Maybe one day, the two could act out Chloe’s fantasy, and the desperate girl could have an equally desperate ‘customer’ to show her spot too. Maybe Karenna would even wet herself instead. That would top the experience.

As Chloe stood, she felt the cooling fabric touch her privates. It was not for her. Sighing, she decided to take them off. She kicked off her shoes, at least work let her wear sneakers, and dropped her jeans on the ground. She slid off her panties. An idea hit her. She grabbed her phone from her jean pocket and dropped her used panties into her puddle. She took a picture and sent it to Karenna, along with a caption

Didn’t make it at work today ☹. Hope it doesn’t happen tomorrow!

Chloe hoped it wasn’t too on the nose. She wanted her wetting to be a surprise for Karenna. But she could still tease her girlfriend. Tossing her panties into the dumpster, she pulled her jeans back up and put her sneakers back on. Work was much more fun when you had someone who loved you.

Karenna’s phone buzzed. She looked down to see that she had a text from Chloe, both Nia and Samantha noticed as well. Samantha was the first to speak up

“Can’t you leave your phone off for like, an hour?”

“Ehh, it’s just Chloe”

“Uh-oh.” Nia chimed in “’Just’ Chloe? Things not going well?”

“I feel stuck. It doesn’t feel like we’re going anywhere, or that I can relate to her.”

“Have you told her what you want?” Nia took a direct line of questioning

“No. Not really, unless you mean like…that stuff.”

“Ohh! Details!” Of course Samantha jumped in at that point

“Sam. I love you. But I don’t think now’s the time.” Nia directed the conversation “How can you expect her to be what you want her to be for you if you don’t tell her?”

If it was anyone else, Karenna probably would have held her feelings close to her chest. But Nia had known her for so long. She trusted her. And Sam would probably forget it in an hour

“I think I don’t know what I want. There’s just so much in my life right now that I can’t slow down long enough for someone to catch up. Nia, I made six figures last year. I know that’s not the end goal in life, but it took a ton of hours and...I don’t know.” Karenna knew she sounded shallow, vapid. There was more. But in the pause, Samantha interjected

“Yeah, that’s great Kar, but like, six figures isn’t that much.”

Karenna was annoyed. Nia gave her an angry expression as Karenna gave Samantha some leeway for an apology “I’m assuming you made more?”

“No to brag, but I made 40 grand, with tips last year.”

Oh right. You're stupid. Apology accepted. Karenna smiled “Good job Sam. You went to private school right?”

Nia had her mouth covered by her hands. She had nearly spat her drink out at the statement. She was trying not to laugh but Samantha’s blunt stupidity and confidence in her athematic was better than any comedy routine she had seen. Karenna’s comment made Nia throw her head back in laughter

“What? I’m serious!”

“Oh we believe you.” Karenna was trying not to laugh as hard as Nia.

Samantha started laughing too, she wasn’t sure at what joke, but she didn’t want to miss out. Nia began to calm down, still shaking her head. There was a lull in the conversation for a second

“Sam, six figures is one hundred and up.”

“No! It’s” She started counting on her fingers “Wait. Damn it!”

The whole group lost it, and in their laughter, Karenna forgot about her troubles. To be around people, maybe even someone who wanted the best for her and to laugh with her at times like these, maybe that’s what she wanted. She shared this revelation with the group.

“Why can’t Chloe be that?” Nia asked the obvious question

“Its just- I just. It’s demoralizing when I go over there after a long day, and she’s just sitting there on her computer. It’s like she just expects me to be there. There’s no joy, she’s not asking me how my day was. Nothing.”

“How hard is that to ask for?”

“I don’t know. I think I’m just kind of done with it.”

“Is she done with it?”

“I don’t think so, no. That’s what makes it so hard. But Cassie said something to me the other day- my feelings matter too. I think she’s right.”

“Who’s Cassie?”

“New girl at work.”

“Do you like her?” Samantha asked a benign question. Karenna answered defensively

“What do you mean like?”

“You know, is she a good person?”

“She’s…a hard person to understand, but I think she’s ok. She actually asked to hang out with us sometime if that’s ok with you guys.”

Nia and Samantha nodded, neither one had any objection. The waitress came back with their food, and the conversation changed to a more light hearted one. Drinks and decent food was had and the trio finished a pleasant, leisurely lunch. The wait on the check created a silence between them until Samantha spoke up as she stood

“I had a lot to drink, so-“

Nia stood as well “Yeah, I’ve got to pee too. You coming Kar?”

“No, I’ll pick up the check and get out of here. I’ve got a lot to think about.”

Samantha walked towards the bathroom. Nia waited to have a candid talk with her friend

“I’m going to be honest with you Kar, I don’t think you’ve been very fair to Chloe. I’d say give her another shot. Unless there’s someone else.”

“No. No one, yet.” Karenna wished there was. In a moment of truth, she admitted to herself that she wanted Mary-Ann.

Nia exhaled. She gave Karenna a friendly hug. “Do what’s best for you of course, and let me know. We’ll have a whole week for it. And Drew won’t be there, so we’ve got time for girl talk.”

Karenna nodded and hugged her best friend back. She didn’t know what she was going to do. Maybe a compromise between a break up and another shot. At least she’d have a chance tomorrow to talk about it with Chloe. Nia broke the embrace

“I’m going to catch up with Sam though. I gotta pee.”

Nia parted with her best friend. She felt bad for Karenna, but almost as bad for a girl she had never met. She maneuvered through the tables an made it to the bathroom door, Samantha was waiting outside.

“Don’t they have two stalls now?”

“Yeah but two people were in front of me. See, I do know math!” She was hopping up and down, her knees bobbing

“And dance moves.”

“Oh, shut up! I have to peeee!” Samantha put her hand in her crotch briefly

Nia rolled her eyes. Sam was a good friend, but if anyone fit the ditzy blonde stereotype, it was her.

“What do you make of Karenna’s situation?”

“I don’t think I know enough about their whole relationship to really say. Or maybe its because I have pee brain.”

“Oh come on. You’re not that dumb.”

“Hey! I meant cuz I have to pee! Not like. Small!”

“I’m sorry Sam, you meant double ee’s. Guess I’m the dumb one, I can’t spell!”

The door swung open, and two casually dressed women exited. Samantha briskly walked past them, with little time for Nia to get to the door. She followed the blonde into the bathroom. It was a good size for the smaller, local restaurant. She hung her purse on the stall door as she entered. Samantha chose the far one and almost immediately, Nia could hear the shuffling of jeans and undergarments as they were shimmied off of her friend. Nia did the same, dropping her grey jeans to the floor. She didn’t have panties to worry about, or the urge to pee anymore.

Nia relaxed, and a gentle flow of piss followed, it wet her ample pubic hair as it fell. Quickly drowned out by a rush of sound coming from Samantha’s stall. The noise of desperately held pee splashing the inside of a toilet bowl. Nia checked her own stream, it flowed calmly out of her mound, but as she snuck a look at Samantha’s stall, she could see that her feet were pointing towards the toilet.

“Sam. What are you doing?”

“I’m peeing, duh. Isn’t that what you’re doing?”

“Yeah but, are you standing? Why are you backwards?”

“No I’m not standing! Why are you backwards?”

“Because that’s how you sit on a toilet?”

“But then why’s this shelf here? You can keep your purse and coat here.”

“Yeah. You’re right. Let’s leave it at that.”

Samantha sighed and the two friends listened to each other pee. Nia finished first, and she dried her hair as well as herself, while Samantha’s heavy stream began to die down. Nia was looking forward to Karenna joining her in the mountains. But she hoped that her friend would deliver good news, and stay with her girlfriend.

Chloe’s leg vibrated and bounced under the table. She was waiting for Karenna outside a little coffee shop inside the mall. Butterflies and anticipation wracked her body. She knew what they were about to do, how she was going to surprise Karenna, that the two would grow that much closer. It was her way of thanking Karenna. Chloe was also bouncing because she had been holding her pee for an hour while she returned the items and did the errands she wanted to run today. She saw the main doors open. The petite black woman entered into the mall, her girlfriend, and hers alone. She looked as stunning as ever in her white sweater and light jeans. They were perfect for what was about to be done to them. Karenna began to walk towards her once she saw Chloe. Her anticipation mounted.

“Hey! It’s my K!” She gave Karenna a hug. “I’m so happy to see you!”

Karenna smiled but said nothing. The two sat back down. Chloe attempted to banter, maybe Karenna was just nervous

“You know, for such a big mall, I haven’t been able to find a bathroom around here. You must be so desperate after that drive up here.”

“A-actually Chloe.” Karenna sighed. She paused. Chloe was hoping for some banter back. She smiled. Karenna continued “I-I’ve been doing a lot of thinking.”

Chloe’s smile evaporated. She can’t be. No. No!

Karenna sighed again “I. I think we should take a little break. Just a mon-“

“Are-You’re breaking up w-with me?” Chloe was shocked, stunned

“No, just, taking a break is all.”

“But that’s what that means. You’re.” Chloe’s lower lip quivered. She told herself to stay strong. Her voice was hardly a whisper “Why?”

“Because I haven’t been fair to you. I just don’t know what I want in a relationship and I feel like I’ve set an impossible standard for you.”

“No you haven’t. Karenna, I love being with you. Don’t do this to me.”

“Chloe. I’m just not happy, I can’t keep doing this to myself. I feel guilty when I’m with you. It’s, its just not…its not the right time.”

Chloe was trembling. Today went from being the centerpiece of her week to one of the worst days of her life. She had no idea what she did wrong.

“There’s someone else, isn’t there?”

Karenna swallowed hard. There was. Her boss who didn’t love her back. She felt terrible, Chloe was having a hard time with the conversation. Karenna lied for the sake of feelings

“No! I’m just, not comfortable. I-I-“

“You’re not comfortable? Do you know? Do you understand what it’s like to accommodate a girlfriend who says that her biggest fantasy is to piss herself? And I did it- I did it for you Karenna, because I care about you!” Chloe didn’t know whether to get angry or cry

“I. I’m so sorry Chloe.” Karenna saw her face “Please don’t cry. I couldn’t-“

Chloe fought her tears, pulling them back. “It’s always about you, isn’t it K? How to make you feel the best at every possible moment, but what about my feelings? Don’t they matter at all to you?”

Karenna stayed silent. The hurt in Chloe’s voice was piercing. Chloe spoke in a low tone.

“Can you just go? I-I don’t want to say something I’ll regret.”

Karenna eyes were cold. She had shut off her emotions. She had to do it as a child, it was an effective defense. She stood, and left Chloe to stew in her emotions.

Chloe sat. She sat for a while. Sadness. Hurt. Anger. After all I’ve done for you. All I would have done. All I wanted to do. I could have loved you. I hate you. You inconsiderate, stuck-up bitch. I’ll bet she doesn’t like my job. We can’t all be as high and mighty as she is. Chloe was hurt, but she was angry more than anything else. Maybe Karenna was smarter than her, maybe she did have a better job, or another lover. But Chloe could still teach her a lesson. Karenna would never play with anyone’s emotions ever again.

As she exited the mall, Karenna couldn’t help but feel the sting of Chloe’s words. It wasn’t that they were overly harsh or rude. But a little voice in the back of her head told her that Chloe might be right. Karenna needed to talk. Someone, anyone. She called Mary-Ann as she stepped into her car. No answer. She scrolled through her phone. Nia was in the mountains, prepping for the girls. She knew she wouldn’t answer. Her finger stopped on one name Cassie. Karenna hit the little call button. It rang, twice, before Cassie picked up

“Hello?”

“Hey, um, Cassie? Can-can we talk?”

“I didn’t do anything wrong, did I?”

“No. But you remember I asked you about a relationship I was having issues with?”

“Oh, yeah! Did you give him another shot?”

“I tried to give them a break. Just take a month or two off. But they took it as a break up.”

“Aw, Karenna. I’m so sorry! Did he get angry?”

“A little.”

“I’ve had to deal with these types before. Do you feel safe? He didn’t say he was coming to get you, did he?”

“No. Nothing like that. I’m safe.”

“Good. I’ve got plenty of pepper spray though. You ever feel like you’re unsafe or that this guy is coming after you, you call me, ok?”

Karenna smiled. She felt a little better. “Thanks Cassie.”

“And I know how highly Mary-Ann thinks of you. You’ve got a fun trip ahead of you, don’t let this ruin it.”

“You know what Cassie? I’m sorry we got off on the wrong foot. You really can care when you’re allowed to. And I’m sorry Sarah never got to see the beautiful person underneath the person she tried to make you into.”

There was a silence between the two. Cassie spoke, weaker than she had been. “That might have been the nicest thing anyone’s ever said to me. But, I’m not beautiful Karenna, you know that.”

“Cassie. Trust me.”

The colleagues thanked one another and hung up. Karenna was supposed to feel sad. She had just gone through a break up. But here she was, hope was shinning through her dark emotions. Cassie was a really nice girl if you let her be. And she said you had a cute butt. NO! STOP! Karenna tried to push those thoughts away. She had a girls trip to look forward to, a whole week with Mary-Ann. She couldn’t help but smile. It was going to be ok.

A/N: Did the humor with Samantha work for you in this section, and what did you think of the return of both Samantha and Nia? Did you remember them as characters? It's been a little while! Also, is Chloe justified in feeling vindictive towards Karenna? Is she right about Karenna being self-centered? Lastly, I apologize for the lack of omo/pee in this one. Kind of squished most of chapter 5's arc into one section. The rest of the chapter will be basically nothing but omo/pee scenes!

*111*2021-12-11 23:28

{{45 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I was glad to see them come back and the humor worked for me. I don't think Karenna is self-centered but I can see why Chloe thinks that she is.

}}

I feel that way too. I was worried that their breakup might have been a bit bitter. Was it too much for a story like this, or did it more or less fit the tone of the rest of the story? Does it make since for Chloe to try and get some retribution?

*114*2021-12-12 19:51

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

The humor worked well in my opinion. I believe Chloe is being unnecessarily vindictive, it isn't like Karenna went out with her with the purpose to break up with her and hurt her feelings. Though I think Karenna could have put more effort into the relationship and talked to Chloe. So, I don't think Karenna is self-centered, as much as she was lazy with the relationship. I enjoyed Nia and Samantha, I didn't read much of this story at the beginning so I don't remember them well.

}}

This is fantastic perspective! I seriously never thought about it in that way. I see what you're saying, in the fact that Karenna didn't want to hurt her feelings, but your comment about her being lazy in the relationship gave me pause. With her character being a little more guarded, other than with her friends like Nia and Mary-Ann, is she prone to not putting in the effort to open herself up to her potential lovers?

I would agree that she's not really self-centered, but I think from Chloe's perspective it might seem that way, because Karenna isn't willing, or didn't want to put in the effort that Chloe was willing to. On the other hand. I personally think that Chloe was more invested in the relationship because she was allowed to be dominate.

I think you'd like Nia's interlude (It was 1.3), it's a peeing/desperation scene with Karenna. Samantha was just kind of briefly mentioned in chapter 1, so I didn't expect her to get much recognition lol.

Great comment, Orangelion! I love your insight!

*115*2021-12-12 20:00

{{34 minutes ago, PeeHour said:

I remembered Nia but forgot about Samantha, it was nice seeing Karenna's friends again though!

The break up and reactions seemed realistic, (and for the readers we lost out on a wetting scene between them, so we had stakes in it too!) I think Chloe's reaction was justified; she was accommodating Karenna's interest without much appreciation, but you can't really blame Karenna for not feeling the same way for her.

It's okay that this part was more story than omo, especially since the way the girl's trip has been hyped up, I'm sure we'll all get our fix!

Looking forward to it!

}}

As I mentioned to Orangelion, Samantha was had like 2 lines in chapter 1, so I totally get it lol.

Nia was a little more substantial though, and I'm glad you remembered her, I hope she's likable!

I'm glad the reactions and the breakup came as believable, and I'm sorry it meant that you guys missed out on another one of their public wettings 😞 . In your opinion, Chloe's anger is justified, and I agree to, but is some for of retribution going too far? Or is Chloe the kind of emotional person that would do that? How do you think she'll go about it?

You're all going to love the girls trip, I know it! I'm having fun writing it right now, just in 5.2, there is a pee scene, and a TON of intentional wetting, and some nice banter between Mary-Ann and Karenna!

*116*2021-12-15 09:57

A/N: I know that normally, I'd have a longer authors note to start, but honestly, this might be my best work. Read it, you'll love it as much as I do. As always though, questions at the bottom, and feedback is not only encouraged but appreciated

Chapter 5.2: State Lines and Stained Pants

The sun had just started to peek over the clouds in the early hours of the morning. The orange ball of light shone brighter than the grey clouds around it. It was going to be a wonderful spring day. Mary-Ann could admire it through her window, but what made today really special wasn’t just the weather. It was the start of her week long girls trip with Karenna. A chance to get away from the hustle and bustle of the winter months and step into a fun, relaxing week with her best friend. What was even better news was that, according to Karenna, her friend Nia was ok with them engaging in their little pastime. Maybe it was odd that Mary-Ann hadn’t yet shared the same act with her boyfriend, but in her mind, it was a display of the care and trust that both she and Karenna had for each other. To share it with her boyfriend so soon in their relationship would cheapen it. It had to be special. Maybe one day, she could show him.

As she moved off of her bed, she ventured towards her bathroom. She wanted to pee normally. It would most likely be her last time doing so properly for a week, and that was just fine. The bathroom was empty, as most of her things had been packed in one of her many suitcases. It felt like it was just her and the toilet as she removed the panties she had slept in.

Her stream started slow, then stopped. It was morning after all. It started again, this time for a little while longer as her toilet water began to accept it. Her pee caused the water to loudly splash, filling the entire bathroom with the sounds of Mary-Ann peeing. A stray trail of pee broke free from her main flow and made its way across her butt cheek. It tickled as it dropped off her skin. Her pee was yellow and the water began to turn the same color as the rest of Mary-Ann’s urine ran out of her and into the bowl. Soon it only dripped as she finished. A quick wipe and a flush signaled the finality of her time over the toilet, it was quick and unceremonious. As she turned on the shower, Mary-Ann knew she wasn’t going to make it back to a toilet for an entire week. A smile crossed her face. Maybe she could do this every year.

Karenna wanted it. She wanted to piss in her bed. Right now. But she didn’t have time for laundry. Mary-Ann would be here in an hour and a half, and her sheets would still be soaked. So would her pajama bottoms. They were a nice, cozy, fleece, and had never been wet before. Karenna was sure if they could talk, that they would be jealous of nearly every other article of clothing she had. Did they see her pee in her grey jeans yesterday evening, from their perch on her bed board? Were they envious that those same jeans were thrown in the wash last night? That they were packed in her suitcase? That they would be used like that again? Maybe they wanted the same treatment. Karenna wanted it too. But she couldn’t spare the time to wash these sheets again.

Her bottoms felt a little damp. Was Karenna that excited about it? She touched her crotch. It was pee. She had been quietly leaking pee out the whole time she had been thinking. As she grabbed at the slightly damp fabric, her brain instinctively shut off the light trickle off pee. That was her chance to really have a bedwetting accident. Karenna was disappointed. In retribution, she forced out a small spirt of pee. Unlike her little leak, it shot into her pajama bottoms and created a small, hand-sized stain on her crotch. Surprisingly, her pajamas held it. Though they were wet, they might be able to hold another. Karenna held still as her pajamas warmed again. Then she heard a slight trickle, evidence of her pajama fabric being breeched by her urine. She felt herself, it was starting to wet her sheets. She didn’t have the time to wash them. She needed to get up.

Without stopping the strengthening stream of piss that was steadily wetting her bottoms, Karenna kicked the covers off. Her feet touched the hardwood floor and her stream became its usual torrent and began to hiss. Without attempting to control herself, Karenna walked towards the bathroom, her feet leaving small prints on the hardwood as pee started to run down her legs. It darkened the inseam of the checkered pattering. The fleece fabric no long holding her fast moving piss. As her warmed legs moved her into the bathroom, her pee soaked into her cuffs. They began to slap each other as the pee caused them to become heavier and heavier.

Karenna jumped in the shower and let the rest out. There wasn’t much left, but it did feel just as good. She was warm, her pajamas were saturated and the little puddle she was standing in was a nice yellow color against her caramel skin. The only problem was that it smelled. Being her first pee of the day, it usually did that, and she wasn’t about to wash just one article of clothing. But she could use her shower head.

The water from the shower spout was equally as warm. Karenna took her shirt off, exposing her breasts as she moved under the rushing water. Within moments, the evidence of her accident was cleared, and the little puddle she had made was washed down the drain. There was no way that her pajamas could stand the rush of warm shower water. Especially not after the fabric had tried to absorb the dousing that Karenna’s pussy had given them. They became even heavier. Though Karenna couldn’t feel it, she was leaking again, her barrier against soiling her pants had been severely mauled. Yet she smiled, there couldn’t have been a better start to this girls trip.

Mary-Ann sipped more of her tea down. It was gentle, smooth, nice. But it didn’t replace her coffee. The jolt and shock of a cup or two in the morning just couldn’t be replicated by the savory tea. But it did taste good. After downing the warm tea, she’d follow it up with a sip of water, the cool liquid would follow the warm down her throat and vice versa. Aside from the pleasurable sensation of each drink, Mary-Ann knew that she’d have to pee again soon, and this time, she was sure that she wouldn’t make it to a toilet. A fun car ride awaited her.

Unlike her trip with Cassie a few months back, Karenna was much more chipper in the morning. The sun had broken through the early morning darkness and Mary-Ann could see her best friend waiting for her, a thermos in one hand, a backpack on her shoulders and a large suitcase in her other hand. Mary-Ann found a parking spot and made her way over to Karenna, a tightness in her bladder. She was filling up. The apartment complex was still quiet on the Sunday morning, and the two friends hugged in the middle of the parking lot.

“That’s all you’re taking Kar?”

“I’ve still got another one of these” She motioned back to her yellow suit case “Could I get a hand?”

Mary-Ann helped the petite woman lift the heavy suit case into the trunk. The last one that would fit on top of all of Mary-Ann’s things. They tossed Karenna’s backpack onto the backseat, and the hood from Karenna’s grey sweatshirt smacked Mary-Ann in the chin.

“Oof!”

“Sorry boss! It’s new, not much experience with it.”

Mary-Ann shook her head and laughed at the weak joke. As she walked back to Karenna’s apartment with her, in order to help her with the last suitcase, she put her arm around her best friend.

“Do you know excited I am about this trip Kar?”

Karenna put her arm around Mary-Ann’s waist. With their height difference, it was the best she could do.

“A whole week with my two best friends. I’ve been looking forward to this for months now. I like your jeans, are they new?” Karenna liked how much they accented Mary-Ann’s butt

“No, but I don’t wear them a lot. I like the color.” Mary-Ann wondered if Karenna would pick up on her little tease. “Are those the same red sweats from our first trip together?”

“You know it! They’re my favorite pair. Nice and comfy, plus they’re red!” Karenna opened the door to her apartment. A little flutter in her heart as Mary-Ann stepped into it for the first time.

“Looks good on you!”

Karenna nearly melted. She knew Mary-Ann was just being nice, but the complement was more than well received. Karenna grabbed her large purple suitcase from the center of the room, Mary-Ann was observing the space, though it wasn’t all that much.

“Ready?”

“As I’ll ever be!”

“Don’t need anything else? No snacks, phone charger…Bathroom break?”

“Let’s see…thermos… I’m good on snacks…” Suddenly, the crotch of Karenna’s red sweats darkened. A patch of wetness was growing “Got my charger. I kind of have to pee but…” The patch stopped growing. It was about the size of a baseball. “Now I don’t feel like I have to.”

“Strange.” Mary-Ann decided to respond in kind. She let go just a little. “I was going to ask if I could use your bathroom.”

She was holding more than Karenna, and it was harder to stop. Her light, tight jeans darkened at the crotch as well, but a wider stain moved down one of her legs. To stop, she held herself and doubled over, somehow accomplishing the feat.

“But now I don’t feel like I have to either.” That was an outright lie.

Mary-Ann’s desperation had increased tenfold. Her body begged her to release the rest. She wasn’t worried, if it happened, it happened. But she was not about to leave a puddle on Karenna’s floor and then leave.

Karenna whished she had more, but after her first pee in the morning and lack of coffee in her system, the small little jet was all she could muster. Her wet panties and crotch would have to do for now. Mary-Ann led the way out of the apartment, her light jeans were darkened down one of her legs, almost to her kneecap. It must have been more obvious than she had intended. That was fine by Karenna. Part of her wished that Mary-Ann had let it all out. But maybe she was like Karenna, and didn’t have a lot.

As the pair crossed the threshold of the doorway, Mary-Ann stopped cold in front of Karenna, causing the smaller woman to bump into her boss. One of Karenna’s neighbors had stepped out of her apartment. Mary-Ann was mortified, she wondered if she was obvious. Karenna saw it as an opportunity to show off her wet spot. She stepped in front of Mary-Ann, shielding her boss from her neighbor.

“Hey Mrs. Johnson. Out for a run today?”

“Oh, hi Karenna. I’m just going for a walk. Who’s this?” She pointed to Mary-Ann.

“She’s my boss.” Karenna put her arm around Mary-Ann’s waist. “And one of my best friends. We’re going on a girls trip this week.”

Mrs. Johnson’s eyes kept darting to Karenna’s darkened patch on her pants. In her head, Karenna dared her to say something. But her middle aged neighbor kept quiet.

“You two have fun. Looks like a great week for it.”

With that, Mrs. Johnson, Karenna and Mary-Ann walked towards the parking lot. Mary-Ann sped up to walk alongside Karenna.

“What was that? You know she saw you, right?”

“Yup. No one says a thing. Except maybe Sarah. You can pee your pants in public, trust me. Either they don’t care or just think you’ve had a bad day.”

Karenna hoisted her suitcase into the backseat. She climbed into the passenger seat next to Mary-Ann. Both of their seats had towels, and Karenna didn’t question it. Before starting the SUV, Mary-Ann continued the conversation

“So you’ve done it then?”

Karenna nodded “You remember that blue outfit I had on a while back?”

Mary-Ann started the SUV as she nodded

“Lets just say that Karenna the mortgage officer had a little accident on the sidewalk. Heels, everything was soaked. Right there as I walked. No one said a thing.”

“No one?”

“Well this old couple noticed just before I got into my car. I just told them that I had no time between meetings. They scolded our generation for not being slow and careful with our time.”

“Considering I actually had an accident going from meeting to meeting on a busy day, I think that’s a bit too traumatic for me.”

“Yeah but where would we be if you had made it that day?”

“We’d be friends either way Kar. At least I think.”

“Yeah but. I would have pissed myself in front of Sarah, and I wouldn’t have had you for comfort.” She turned to Mary-Ann “And I wouldn’t have discovered myself.” Karenna meant more than just the wetting.

Mary-Ann turned her head and smiled at her best friend. What they shared, their bond, it was special. The two were silent for a little while, at least until Mary-Ann got on the highway. It was a different direction than she had taken with Cassie, and the way to her first rental property. This path cut through several mountains and hills. It was just as rural, but much more spectacular. The first section was elevated on part of a hilltop, while the side closest to Karenna was a rockface that had been blasted through to construct the highway. Karenna broke the silence by brining the conversation to a business topic.

“Did you really beat out Sarah for that apartment complex?”

“You bet I did!”

“How? It’s right near the university, good occupancy. It must have been worth a fortune! She’s got way more firepower than we do. No offence of course.”

“None taken. I’ll be honest, I’m cutting it really close right now. I leveraged the company. And my personal assets. I’m upwards of 95% leveraged.”

“It’d better work then!”

“Don’t you trust me?”

“With my life.”

Mary-Ann smiled at the confidence Karenna put in her.

“You might have liked the tour I gave the other day”

Karenna looked over at Mary-Ann, intrigued. She let her boss continue

“I was showing these two college girls an apartment, and one of them had to pee. It was so obvious!”

“Was she cute?”

“Kar! I mean, yes. But she wasn’t even being trying to hide it. She had on these khaki shorts and was doing this whole dance routine while I showed the apartment. I almost couldn’t accept the signature she gave me, it was so scribbled. She was not quite as discreet as I was.

“You had to go too?”

“The whole time. While they were signing the lease, I was totally grabbing myself behind the counter. Ended up taking the longest pee in the bathroom down the hall.”

“You think that other girl was doing it on purpose? Maybe she wet herself?”

“I doubt it. I think she just didn’t want to go in front of me.”

“One can dream though!”

“Well, I don’t think you’ll have to dream about girls peeing for too long. I’ve got to go. Bad.”

Mary-Ann had to hold herself anyway, but it punctuated her sentence to do so. Her wet panties and now cold leg had wanted to be rewarmed for twenty minutes now, ever since she had let some go at Karenna’s. She had a bladder full of tea and water, and the rest of her bladder’s contents wanted to join its brethren that Mary-Ann had set free. She could just go now. No way. You’re the first one to really go. You’ll set the tone for the whole thing, why make it lame? Make it special. Like a little event for Kar. Let the two of you talk it out.

As Mary-Ann shifted in her seat, she spoke to Karenna, wondering if her friend had any special thoughts on Mary-Ann’s first act.

“I’m not kidding Kar, I think I’m on the verge on an accident here. You see anywhere I could pull off?”

“Hmm…”

Karenna was going to suggest that Mary-Ann just pull over, knowing that her boss most likely wanted to make an event out of wetting for the two of them, but she saw a blank blue sign, a reminder that there was once a rest stop on this highway.

“There’s a rest stop just a few miles from here. Can you hold it?”

“I don’t know. We’ll see I guess!”

Perfect. Mary-Ann knew that rest stop was abandoned, it was a good call by Karenna. Now she just had to make it there. Or not. She could simply try. And if she couldn’t, or got to the point where it hurt too much, it didn’t really matter. But to stage a little vignette about a road trip gone wrong with her friend was all the motivation Mary-Ann needed.

It did hurt. Even just a little. If it was just her, she’d have already gone by now. But she held the tightness in her abdomen and tried to calm her swollen bladder for just a few more moments. There wasn’t much she could do to hold it while driving a car. Just fidget and breathe. She actually leaned forward a little. Karenna noticed

“That bad?”

“I just hope I can make it up to that rest stop. I think I can do it, but I don’t want to have an accident.”

She smiled coyly at Karenna. Karenna smiled back

“Looks like your having a hard time boss. It’d be real embarrassing if you pissed yourself not even an hour into our trip.”

Mary-Ann changed lanes. Then changed again. Shortly, the cracked and worn out entrance to the abandoned rest area came into view. It was an easy drive.

“Look Kar, I think I made it!”

“I’m glad you did boss.” Karenna knew what was going to happen

As Mary-Ann drove up the cracked entryway, she slowed down from highway speed. A dilapidated brick building appeared in front of them. There were obviously no other cars in the parking lot. Mary-Ann just stopped in the middle of the entryway.

“I better be quick, I think its starting!” Mary-Ann said in a knowing way. They both knew that it was destined to.

As Mary-Ann stepped out of the car, her bladder asked if she wanted to start now. Mary-Ann gave no objections, and start to wet her panties. It felt nice and warm as she walked in front of the SUV.

Karenna watched as her boss walked in front of the car, a dark spot widening on her jeans. It covered her light stain from before. As it started down her legs, Mary-Ann stopped. She was in perfect view for Karenna, who watched intently from the passenger seat. She loved those jeans on Mary-Ann. Her butt was so perfect. Karenna wanted it. She wanted it even more as a dark line appeared under it. Evidence that Mary-Ann was fully peeing her pants. Her boss turned around, her legs in a wide stance. Between them, the first few streams of pee made their way out of her jeans, and splattered the asphalt below. She opened her mouth in exaggerated shock, and put her hands on her cheeks. As if she wasn’t planning on this little incident. It didn’t last long. As pee stains made their way down to the cuff of Mary-Ann’s jeans, she dropped her head and slouched her shoulders forward, melting into the decadent feeling.

It was orgasmic. The little hold. The banter between her and Karenna. Mary-Ann was already enjoying herself, even as her shoes started to fill with pee. The hot flood had rapidly soaked her legs and overran the denim jeans. It was a full body experience. The warming of her socks as excess pee filled them. The sound of the splattering asphalt. And the feeling of her deflating bladder. Mary-Ann was almost in a trance. She felt warm and comfortable as she finally finished up. The tea and the water had turned her pee completely clear, but the warmth was still there.

Mary-Ann walked back to the car, her sneakers squelching the whole way there. She opened the door and stood while she started to banter with Karenna.

“The bathrooms were too far. I hope you’re not too embarrassed by your boss.” Mary-Ann pouted her lips

“Well you’re just lucky its between us. And those cameras.”

The color drained out of Mary-Ann’s face. Someone might have seen her. She was worried, and didn’t know what to say back.

Karenna saw the sudden fear she had struck in Mary-Ann. She made up for it

“I’m just kidding boss! There’s no camera.”

Mary-Ann laughed, more out of relief than anything else. She held a hand over her heart briefly

“I was so worried for a second.” She stuck her tongue out a Karenna playfully “And you’re so mean. You know, I hope one of these days, you pee your pants too, and then you’ll know what it’s like.”

Karenna stuck her tongue out too. “You never know. Might even happen on this trip!”

Mary-Ann smiled back. Her drenched jeans were starting to cool. They felt heavy. But that just meant their fun was beginning.

Music was blasting. Mary-Ann had the window down, enjoying the cool spring breeze and the blaring pop song. Karenna was enjoying the view, plenty of wooded areas and natural landscapes to make one forget about the grind of the city. Karenna also finally needed to pee. She crossed her legs and glanced over at Mary-Ann’s legs. Her jeans were still stained with evidence of her act, and Mary-Ann didn’t look like she had a care in the world. Karenna held her hand over her crotch tried to feel her own stain from earlier that morning. It was hardly noticeable. You could see it if you knew what you were looking for. A light outline around what was once a noticeable mark. Mary-Ann didn’t look away from the road as she asked a question of Karenna

“You have your own little challenge going there Kar?”

“What?”

Mary-Ann turned down the music “I saw you moving. That little grab. If you had wanted to go, you’d have gone by now.”

“Oh. No, not really. It’s just a little strange to piss in someone else’s car without, you know. Asking.”

“Well, haven’t you done it in yours?”

“Not really, no.”

“Huh.” Mary-Ann was surprised.

She was also taken aback by Karenna’s bashfulness. They both knew what this trip was about. Why would her car be any different? After all, what where the towels for? Mary-Ann decided to lead by example

“I’ve done it quite a lot actually. As much as I love this car, sometimes, it happens. Whether its seven months ago, my first date with Tyler, or right this very second, I have no problems with peeing in my car. As long as there’s a towel involved.”

“Right this second? Like right now?”

“What did you think the word meant?”

Karenna looked over the console. Sure enough, a puddle was expanding from Mary-Ann’s lap. It darkened the towel all around it and sat, soaking her thighs in her urine. The clear puddle rippled slightly as it expanded, the force that was being used to create it was strong and sturdy. Karenna uncrossed her legs.

“It’s just strange to be riding along in your boss’s car.” A low hiss started to escape from Karenna “And then pee without asking. But I guess I don’t need to ask now.”

“Why, because you’re already going?”

“Because you just gave me the ok. And because I’m pissing myself, yes.”

Both friends sat for a while, legs open, puddles forming beneath them. The hiss that came from Karenna filled the entire cabin of the car. It was obvious that she was peeing, but if she had not peered over to Mary-Ann, the fact the her boss was also going might have been lost. As Mary-Ann continued to pee, she asked

“So tell me about Nia.”

Karenna answered, pee continued to pour into her pants. “We met in middle school, we were just assigned to the same project.”

Mary-Ann nodded, her stream ending. Karenna continued

“I was the smart one. She’s not dumb or anything, but I had the better grades. I helped her with school, she made sure I didn’t get teased by the popular girls.” Karenna looked over at her boss. She was still wetting herself “And her house was a safe space whenever my brother…”

“I’m sorry Kar.” Mary-Ann put a hand on her shoulder

Karenna leaned into it, putting her head against Mary-Ann’s hand. “Until you came along, she was my best friend. She still is really. You both are.” Karenna stopped peeing

“She seems nice. I’m surprised she’s good with our little game too.”

Karenna looked out the window, her warm puddle lapping against her legs.

“You did tell her. Right?”

“Hmm? Oh, yeah. I did.”

Mary-Ann sighed “Kar. I know when you’re lying.”

“Fine. I just don’t know how to bring it up. I was hoping you could help.”

“Sure. I’ll just hop out of the car, shake her hand and say ‘Hey, I’m Mary-Ann, I’m Karenna’s boss, and I just peed my pants.”

“Seems fine to me.”

“I’m not doing that! I guess I can try and pull her aside for you. But it’s not like I know her or anything. She’s your friend.”

“I think she’s going to like you. Let’s keep a positive attitude. Besides, I have way too much fun with you to want to stop. We’ll just go outside!”

“I like it too Kar, but if she says no, it’s a no from me too. I am not messing with someone else’s stuff, even if I want to play our little game.”

Karenna was disappointed, but understood. She hoped against hope that Nia would understand or allow them to play. Maybe she’d even join them. That would be Karenna’s dream. To have her two favorite people in the world engaging in her favorite pastime. Reaching to her thermos, she finished the tiny bit of coffee that was still in there.

“I’m out boss. Do you have any extra water?”

Mary-Ann opened the center console, there were four bottles of water that had managed to fit inside. Karenna grabbed one, the motion caused her to splash and slosh around in her puddle. It was almost cold. But not uncomfortable as new parts of her red tracksuit pants were submerged in wetness. Mary-Ann turned the music back up and smiled. Both friends were now in drenched pants and had cold puddles in their seats, they loved their little game.

Mary-Ann reached between Karenna’s legs and tossed her used water bottle into the paper bag that sat between them. Karenna finished the last of hers and followed suit, discarding the used plastic. The girls had been chatting off and on about work, or listening to music together. But Mary-Ann felt two warnings. Her stomach said it was hungry, and her bladder asked if it could have some more fun.

“Hey, Kar, I’m getting rather hungry. Do you mind if we stop?”

“I haven’t really eaten anything today, I was two seconds away from asking you the same question.”

“There’s a Mr. Henry’s off this exit. I know it’s cheap, but we’re not exactly in a populated area.”

“I’m hungry. Don’t care.”

The SUV slowed as Mary-Ann took the exit. Her damp pants and towel had chilled her legs and begged for another wetting. She wanted it too. But not yet. Mary-Ann had something in mind. One of her favorite things to do. She held it for a little while longer. Past the stop light at the bottom of the exit ramp. Over the road to the open truck stop and stalls, to the Mr. Henry’s that was sat in the center. There was nothing but trees and open road around them, they were truly upstate. There was one car in front of them at the drive thru. Karenna voiced her concern

“Do you mind if we eat outside? I think my legs are going numb from sitting too long.”

“I can’t. Not with my pants like this!”

“Sure you can. Here. My sweatshirt. Plus we can sit at that bench over there.” Karenna pointed.

It was a lone wooden bench that had been beaten on by the sun and untold rains. It didn’t look very hospitable. But it was nice day. Karenna tried again

“Plus, its such a nice day. It’s not like people will even notice your pants.”

Mary-Ann looked at Karenna. It was a small favor. And Karenna had offered protection with her sweatshirt

“Alright, we’ll sit outside.”

Karenna smiled. The car in front of them pulled forward, their order complete. It was an old drive thru, with a large analog menu outside and a primitive outdoor speaker. Mary-Ann leaned to the side to get her voice closer to the device. As she propped herself up on her hip, Karenna had a perfect view of her boss’s wonderful ass, and the huge damp circle from her previous wetting. Karenna couldn’t help but stare as Mary-Ann started their order.

“Hi, can I get uh…salad. A water…”

Karenna stopped listening. The same damp patch was now darkening again. It was a telltale sign. Mary-Ann was peeing while she put their order in. Her flow instead went down one leg, rather than pooling around her butt. Because she was sitting, it did wet her backside enough, but the fact that only one leg was getting treatment intrigued Karenna. To watch Mary-Ann wet was memorizing.

“Kar? What are you having?”

“Oh! Um…uh. I’ll have the big burger.”

Mary-Ann smiled, knowing what act Karenna was staring at. She still made no mention of it as she continued to speak into the microphone.

Karenna went back to looking while the person behind the microphone read back their order. Mary-Ann was peeing forcefully enough to overflow that side of her jeans, and a clear liquid was pouring onto the towel. Finally, a pool of urine was again added to the already soaking wet towel. As they started to pull forward to the window, Mary-Ann sat in it.

It was fun. Freeing. Mary-Ann hoped that Nia would be ok with it. But unlike her experience with Karenna, there would be no alcoholic inebriation to aid Mary-Ann in her desire. Just her raw persuasion and selling skills.

She got their food from the window, the workers had no idea that both of them had pee-stained pants. To them, she was just a smiling face. Mary-Ann found a parking space not too far from the restaurant, near the truck stalls.

“Can I borrow your sweatshirt Kar? I’m a little obvious.”

Karenna gave it up without hesitation. If she was lucky, maybe it’d soak in some of Mary-Ann’s pee. Karenna didn’t bother with covering herself, she was confident that no one cared enough, or was brave enough, to say anything to her. Her stain had somewhat dried anyway, and was not particularly noticeable.

Mary-Ann stepped out with their food and Karenna’s sweatshirt. She tied it around her self and could feel the outside of her leg, now also wet from her escapade just a moment ago, soak into the fabric of the sweatshirt. She grabbed the towel, which was wet in it’s own right, and threw the small puddle of pee onto the asphalt. It splattered and wet the ground below her. She rung it out with her hands, they too, were covered in cold pee, as it dripped out of the used towel. Mary-Ann folded it. It would take but one more wetting. She took their food and shut the door behind her, Karenna was already sitting down. The table was nearly in the middle of an empty field.

As Karenna watched Mary-Ann walk over, she admired her boss’s legs. She was sure the worst of her wetting was around Mary-Ann’s butt. However, if you looked at her legs, there were still discolored streaks along the inseam of her jeans. They ran all they way down her legs. Mary-Ann was not completely covered.

While Mary-Ann ate her salad, she also focused on taking huge gulps of her large water cup. There wouldn’t be room in the cup holder for her drink and she didn’t want it to go to waste. The salad was mediocre, about as much as one could expect from a fast food place. Karenna’s burger, on the other hand, looked as though it was as big as her head. Karenna looked as though she was doing an impression of a snake each time she tried to take a bite. It still hardly made a dent in the burger. She was sipping her soda in between bites. Exhaling from the sheer will that it took to down such a monstrous burger.

“I think they gave me the whole cow!”

“Yeah, are you even going to be able to finish it?”

“Not before I run out of soda.”

The two chuckled. It wasn’t really a joke, but the absurd size of the hamburger was. They were quiet while they chewed and swallowed their meals. Mary-Ann moved the conversation back to business.

“You know, I think we’re big enough to start a summer intern program this year.”

“Where did this idea come from?”

“I really like Cassie’s progress under you, she’s off to a fast start this year. And if we could train a number of other college students, it would be great experience for them, and more deals for us. I could pay them and everything. Plus Anna’s starting to get swamped. She’s great, but one woman can only handle so much.”

“It sounds like a good idea. Seems a little late to start telling people though.”

“It’ll be a pilot program. Larger companies might only take five or six. I think we can start with one.”

“Better start advertising then.”

“There’s a student I had in mind actually. Kind of what started this whole thought process. You remember that apartment tour I mentioned?”

“The one with the desperate girl?”

Mary-Ann nodded “Her roommate. Or one of them at least, told me that another girl who lives there is one of the top business students. 4.0 or close to it. Her name is Tori Franklin. She needs to sign the lease too, so I think I’ll drop by and see if I can meet her myself.”

“That’s not Tori Franklin from the Franklin family that I closed a few months back is it?”

Mary-Ann shrugged

“I hope Keri’s doing alright. I heard they split.”

“Her and her husband?”

“Yeah. He seemed like kind of a jerk anyway. Maybe I’ll drop by, I thought Keri was really friendly, and sometimes you just need a friend, you know?”

“Time is money Kar. You doing that for all your clients?”

“Maybe she’ll refer me to someone who needs a mortgage, or a realtor. There’s money in relationships too.”

She was right. Mary-Ann had to acknowledge that “You’re right. It could turn into something. I’m proud of you Kar. You’ve really stepped into your role. I hope you know how highly I think of you.”

Karenna smiled. She was overjoyed at the complement, and couldn’t help but blush. Any praise from Mary-Ann made the day that much brighter. What made her day even better was all of the wetting. And she could add to that now. She wasn’t desperate, but would normally have gone to find a toilet at this point if she was trying to behave. With all that Mary-Ann had taught her, maybe she could teach Mary-Ann about letting it out in public. She stood.

“I have to find a restroom. Excuse me.”

Mary-Ann was a little surprised. But it was Karenna’s vacation. If she wanted to be normal for a while, she could. Mary-Ann tracked Karenna with her eyes until she moved past her. Mary-Ann went back to her salad. Still a little surprised.

Karenna moved to the edge of the field. She was close to the parking lot. She stopped, looking towards it, and relaxed. She loved peeing her pants. When there was the potential of an audience, it was even better. She looked back to her boss, hoping she was watching. Mary-Ann was munching on her salad, not watching her protégé have an accident. Karenna needed to say something. She shouted to Mary-Ann

“Uh-oh! I think I had too much soda!”

Mary-Ann looked over. Karenna’s red sweats had two distinct stains the ran from her crotch, down her legs. Another great flow was splattering from her crotch and onto the grass below

“Yeah, I can see it running down your legs. Are you sure it’s not the water from before?”

“It might be! Does that mean this’ll happen again?”

“You never know Kar. Aren’t you a little visible?”

“No one cares Mary-Ann! No one wants to talk to the girl who pees her pants. I just couldn't hold it!”

“Are you sure you’re not noticed?”

Mary-Ann motioned her hand to a trucker. His handle bar mustache, hat and cigarette gave him a grizzly appearance. He was far from them. But not far enough to ignore Karenna. She turned to him, then back to Mary-Ann. She really didn’t care

“Do I wave?”

“No!”

Karenna pouted her lips.

“You don’t want him to have some fun too?”

“And have him follow us? No, I don’t think I want that.”

Karenna sighed as the last of her pee emptied out of her pant leg and into her shoes. Her socks were wet too. Mary-Ann had finished her salad and had Karenna’s food packaged up for her.

“You done?”

“Maybe. Are you?”

“I’m all set. You see? No one says a thing. You need to try this with me.”

“I don’t know Kar. I can’t even tell my boyfriend, and now I’m going to go in public?”

“You still haven’t told him?”

Mary-Ann shook her head. As they stepped onto the pavement, Karenna’s sneakers squelched and squeaked, they were filled with piss.

“He’s missing out. You should tell him.”

“But then if I do and we break up, he might tell others. Or worse, we break up because of this. I can’t risk it.”

“Or fall deeper in love. He may end up liking it.” The pair reached the car. Dry Mary-Ann and wet Karenna got back into their seats “For all of ‘whatever that was’ with Chloe, she kind of taught me that no one cares in public.”

“I still can’t believe you ended it.” Mary-Ann started the car and pulled out of the spot

“Sometimes, neither can I. Then other days, I’m happy I did.”

“Why the uncertainty?”

“I really liked some of the stuff we did together. She was always willing to do this for me. And that I liked. I gave her my fantasy and she accepted and even helped me try it. It unlocked a new sense of freedom for me. It’s what gave me the confidence to go ahead in public.”

“But?”

“But…I don’t know. We’re just not very good together. Can I be honest with you?”

“Please.”

“I don’t really care about video games, or the gossip that goes on at a coffee shop. I want. I want a business woman” I want you! Karenna thought

“I see. You know, I think I’m a little bit similar. I don’t think Tyler and I would work as well if we couldn’t also chat about work and business on the same level. I feel like I learn things from him and I love when I tell him something that happened at work and his eyes light up. He really cares. Or at least I feel like he cares.”

“Or you give awesome sex.”

“Kar!”

“I didn’t mean it like that boss. But you know how men are.”

“It’s not like he would know anyway.”

“Five months in and you still haven’t done it?”

Mary-Ann shook her head “It’s not like he hasn’t seen my boobs, but we have not actually…”

Could I see them though? Karenna couldn’t help but think those thoughts. She didn’t really try and push them away. Mary-Ann had trailed off. She was much more reserved than Karenna.

“So that’s why you haven’t told him yet. You guys haven’t even really been together yet.”

“Yeah. I guess that’s it. Other than I don’t want him saying anything. Like I told you. But. I kind of want to know how you told Chloe. Just in case I decide that Tyler needs to know one day.”

“Can I go into detail? I know you don’t really like talking about sex, but. It might help me understand me better.”

“We’re already there at this point in the conversation. So go ahead.”

“Thanks boss.” It was really big of Mary-Ann to allow Karenna to open herself up like this.

“I…I like to be dominated. Sexually.”

Mary-Ann raised an eye brow. Not really experienced in that side of sexuality “What do you mean?”

“I love it when I get called names. Like, Chloe would call me her little piss slut…Mpfh” Karenna was getting slightly aroused. Mary-Ann was taken aback by the language

“If Tyler tried that on me, he be getting a kick in the nuts!”

Karenna laughed “You do you. But I go crazy for that kind of talk. Anyway, I just showed up desperate one day after work at Chloe’s, you remember that?”

Mary-Ann nodded

“And she took the reins a little after I told her that I liked it. She commanded me to do it. And I did. It was…what I wanted. Sometimes. But sometimes, I just want to feel like I’m an equal. I don’t always want to be dominated like that, and she always took that role. Even if I wasn’t having it that night.”

“So you want to be…”

“I want to be the one to comfort someone for once. I-I had my chance to do that when you…you.”

“When I really had an accident? There’s no way we can deny it, or should deny it Kar. I peed my pants. I completely wet myself that day. I mean, that was all real.”

And it was the hottest thing ever! Karenna was willing to admit those feelings she had denied herself that day.

“But what if instead of making that joke that I did. What if…what if I told you it was ok. What if, I did what you did for me. After my incident with Sarah.”

“You did the best you could.”

“Yeah but when you helped me. I felt like I was against the whole world. And lost. I didn’t feel like me. And then you…you saved me. I felt like no matter what, I could count on you.”

Mary-Ann slapped Karenna’s leg. It was still damp. “You can Kar. And I can count on you”

“I know. And I want to be that for someone else. But I just…I couldn’t with Chloe. She wouldn’t let me, and I didn’t know how to tell her because she refused to stop trying to dominate me.”

Mary-Ann had an idea. Maybe she could give Karenna another shot at comforting someone.

“You’re going to make someone every happy one day Kar. I’m just sorry it wasn’t Chloe.”

“Fish in the sea, right? Hey, Warner just uploaded a new podcast, you want to listen?”

“I’d love to!”

The two stayed quiet for the next hour, quietly taking in business and work notes, their bladders comfortably filling. After the podcast ended, Mary-Ann spoke up

“I think we’ve got a problem Kar.”

“What?”

“We’re about an hour and a half out. And I have to pee again.”

“And?”

“And I think this towel is about done. You think we could switch?”

A pattering sound was suddenly audible. Then a hiss. Karenna’s towel was being used.

“Sorry boss. That soda hit me.”

“Aw, Karenna! You’re making me go!”

It was a lie, Mary-Ann had just relaxed, wetting her light jeans again. By this time, that color was deepened to a dark blue, stained from the now four times that Mary-Ann had peed in them. Each time, they had little chance to fully dry from the last wetting before more pee would be thrown into them. The denim was tired, saturated with a moderately full bladder each time. It hardly held any more urine before it passed it onto the towel. The towel wasn’t doing much better itself. It was filled, swollen with the amount of piss that Mary-Ann had poured out of her and onto it. Some of her pee leaked out, wetting the actual car seat. Despite have been rung out by Mary-Ann, the full towel was still moist, and fully soiled.

Karenna’s wasn’t doing much better. The red tracksuit pants were somewhat more water resistant, but not to the amount of pee that she had also dumped into them. They too flooded quickly and soaked into the towel. But unlike Mary-Ann’s, the towel held on, just avoiding a leak onto the seat as Karenna finished.

The sound had stopped. Mary-Ann sighed and looked over to Karenna.

“Done?”

“Mostly.”

“Me too. We’re going to need gas, and there’s a station just before town. I’m going to change there, you doing the same?”

“Yeah, I think I wore these out.”

“I definitely did mine. I’m going to hold it the rest of the way too.”

Karenna grabbed another water from the center console.

“I’ll try too. No guarantee’s though.”

Mary-Ann smiled at the insinuation. The rest of their drive through the mountains was mostly spent listening to local radio. Karenna then decided to look up facts about the mountain town and its history. While not exactly what Mary-Ann would classify as engaging conversation, it was something to do.

A few miles from the town itself, a well sized gas station called to Mary-Ann. She pulled into the dusty, dirty parking area and made her way to the gas stall. Karenna was the first to jump out after Mary-Ann shut the car off. Karenna tossed Mary-Ann her sweatshirt

“Here, you might want this, Ms. Wet-legs!”

“Hey, I’m not the only one!”

“But you’re the one who worries about it.”

Mary-Ann stretched her arms in the air and wrapped Karenna’s sweatshirt around her legs. Karenna rifled through the backseat and pulled out a fresh pair of grey sweatpants. She came around to the front of the car with a plastic bag in hand.

“I’m going to go change boss. Had a little accident.”

“I couldn’t even tell Kar!”

“You liar.” Karenna stuck her tongue out playfully. Mary-Ann did it back.

The restrooms were on the side of the general store, and did not require a key, which was odd for an outdoor restroom. Nonetheless Karenna changed out of her soaked tracksuit pants and matching red panties and bagged them, opting to go panty-less for the rest of the day. It wasn’t usually her style, but she just didn’t feel like putting another pair on.

Mary-Ann had just finished filling up the SUV when Karenna came walking back towards her. She was just in a white T-shirt, and with her grey sweats, would quickly match with her sweatshirt that Mary-Ann had tied around her waist. The two hopped back into the car, and Mary-Ann gave Karenna her sweatshirt back, which had a light stain from coming in contact with Mary-Ann’s jeans.

“Hey Kar? We’ve got a problem with your sweatshirt.”

“Oh no. It’s fine. Just say I spilled something.”

“You sure? I’m sorry.”

“It’s fine. Trust me boss.” Karenna loved it.

“Alright. Well let me swing this thing around to that parking spot over there” Mary-Ann pointed “And I’ll change, and then we’ll be good to go.”

Karenna gave Mary-Ann a ‘thumbs-up’ and her boss drove forward into the free parking spot. Mary-Ann grabbed the bag that had sat between Karenna’s legs for nearly eight hours and hopped out, disappearing into the bathroom. Karenna had an idea. The water had hit her, as well as her general need from hydrating all day long. She got out of the SUV too, and stood in front of the door. Her phone pinged her with a message. It was from Nia.

As Karenna texted with her longtime friend, she heard the shuffling of footsteps behind her. She didn’t care. Without hesitation, and without looking up from her phone, Karenna started to pee her pants again. With fresh, new material the stream and rivulets had to form new pathways out of her body and down her legs. The first and most powerful stream broke through the crotch of her now darkening sweats and splattered the concrete. Smaller streams that tried to wet her legs instead found ways out of her sweat pants in different spots along her legs. She almost looked like a sprinkler with the different water spouts pouring out of her. She heard two voices behind her. First, a woman’s

“Oh. Goodness!”

Then a man’s “Lets give her space dear. We’ll come back later.”

“Poor girl.”

Karenna was still looking at her phone. But she smiled. In her head she imagined herself, after holding it for the eight hour car ride, simply not making it and wetting in line. As though the pooling urine in her socks and water-logged shoes wasn’t intentional. As though she really was having an accident. She exhaled. What a rush.

Mary-Ann exited the bathroom. Fresh panties, and new short cargo shorts. She felt nice, even though she neglected the toilet intentionally. She saw Karenna waiting for her, texting. She was standing in a puddle, her new grey sweats clung to her legs, dark and stained with pee. It was obvious what she had done.

“Oh my gosh! Karenna!”

Karenna looked up from her phone. A sly, short smile crossed her lips “Oops.”

“Right here?” There was a number of people who could see the young black woman standing in a puddle of piss, her stained legs obvious.

“Would you believe me if I said that you took too long and I couldn’t make it?”

“No. Not really.”

“Good. That’s a lie. I did this on purpose.”

“We’re like 20 minuets from Nia, you not going to dry!”

“I got it, don’t worry.”

Karenna pulled down her sweats a little. She had black spandex on underneath.

“Just let me change real quick.”

“What if I said no this time?” Mary-Ann asked in a mischievous way

“Then I guess I’d have to call you Sarah, you hypocrite!” Karenna winked

“Love you Kar.”

“Love you too boss.”

Mary-Ann unlocked the door. Karenna slipped off her shoes and turned them upside down, piss poured out of them. It was enough to make a tiny puddle outside her door. She did the same for her other shoe. They had absorbed multiple wettings and Karenna was just now pouring them out. She also rung out her socks, which where moist and could not hold any more liquid. She slid off her wet sweatpants and put her shoes back on. Folding her wet pants and socks together, she tossed them in the same bag she put her red tracksuit pants into.

“All set?”

“Let’s go boss!”

The two were quiet for a little while. Karenna spoke up as Mary-Ann made a left turn, just before the town.

“But did you see that no one said a thing? To them, I was just a girl who didn’t make it after a long ride. You should try it Mary-Ann. There’s nothing like it.”

“I just- I couldn’t. I’m so worried of someone recognizing me. I understand that accidents happen, but I just couldn’t.”

“See, that’s the mindset of everyone else though! They all get it. Except for Sarah maybe, that accidents happen. To them, you’re just having one on a very bad day. To you, it can be anything. I love it!" Karenna paused. She decided to press again "Would you?”

“What, do it?”

“Please?”

“I-I…”

“I promise you’ll love it.”

“Maybe.”

Karenna put her arm on Mary-Ann shoulder.

“I know you’ll love it! We’ll do it together! I can show you something this time!”

“Ok, settle down Kar, I didn’t say yes.”

“But you didn’t say no.”

Mary-Ann nodded. The road up the mountain was full of curves and crests as many signs were posted, warning of deer, rock slides, and the minimum speed limit. Around another bend, the SUV made it to a relatively flat stretch of road. There was a driveway to the right.

“Here!” Karenna called out

The only thing that was on the same plane as the road was the mailbox. The paved driveway was steep, the ditch and lack of shoulder on the road was dangerous. The SUV felt like it was nearly at a 90 degree angle as it made its way to the gate.

The fence line was a standard farm fence, with nothing noteworthy other than it’s good condition. But the gate which the car was stopped in front of was ornate. A gold eagle statue was perched on the top, and the gold accents made the gate look like it should be in front of a palace. Karenna rattled off the number that Nia had texted her, and Mary-Ann punched it into the keypad. It opened fast and the two friends continued to descend down the driveway. There were thick woods on either side of them. Almost enough to blot out the sun. The ample trees and cool air almost created a misty atmosphere. As the driveway bottomed out, neither Karenna or Mary-Ann could see the house yet.

“How big did she say this was?”

“44 acres”

Mary-Ann whistled

“All this on a women’s basketball contract?”

“I think this was Drew’s buy. He’s in personal finance. Hedge funds would be my guess.”

“I think you’re right Kar. This place is massive!”

The woods finally parted and the blue sky was apparent again. They finally saw it. A massive, ornate, gorgeous building stood before them. Plenty of tall windows, a stone foundation, the house was massive. It wasn’t a house, it was a chateau, a private mansion. The mouth of a wide lake sat behind it, and a hill to the left, which was also wooded. Both of the girls jaws dropped.

“Damn.” Karenna was the first to speak

“This is…” Mary-Ann didn’t have the words

The front door opened, a tall black woman stepped out and waved at the SUV. Karenna waved back. Mary-Ann looped around the circular driveway and parked. Karenna jumped out first again, as Mary-Ann shut the car off. How was she going to explain their actions to Nia. Especially since Mary-Ann had waited to surprise Karenna.

As Nia broke her embrace with Karenna, she met Mary-Ann for the first time.

“So you’re the boss I’ve heard so much about.”

“That’s me.” The two shook hands

“I’m happy to have you here Mary-Ann, but we hug around here!”

She turned their handshake into a friendly hug. Mary-Ann was happy to receive it. Karenna was fiddling with something in the car, Mary-Ann took her opportunity to preface their actions

“Hey, I’ve got kind of a strange way of…team building. Um. Some actions might seem strange. I uh…I guess…It’d actually probably be easier to show you. Karenna said you wanted to show us around the property first?”

Nia nodded

“Alright well, just bear with me.”

“Well, whatever it is, Karenna will fight like hell for you, so maybe I should learn something for my team!”

Mary-Ann gulped. A whole sports team doing this?

Karenna walked back around the SUV.

“You gonna show us around girly?”

“Hope you put your walking shoes on Kar! You good Mary-Ann?”

Mary-Ann wanted to let Karenna take that comfort role. It was time to execute that plan.

“Well I kind of have to…nah, I can hold it.”

“You sure? It was a long drive.”

“I’ll be ok.” Mary-Ann shifted her legs, doing a mock dance. She winked at Karenna

Nia walked the two down a stone pathway, next to the massive house and down towards a dock. A decently-sized boat took every gentle wave the lake threw at it, and Nia showed off the view. It was a wide lake, and an uninhabited island sat on the other bank before the lake opened up into a river downstream. Nia noticed Mary-Ann slight fidget

“You sure you’re ok Mary-Ann?”

“I’m fine. Just loving the view is all.”

“Unreal, isn’t it?”

As Nia walked them back up the dock, Karenna fell back to whisper in Mary-Ann ear.

“Are you planning on doing what I think you’re doing?”

Mary-Ann squeezed Karenna’s shoulder and whispered back

“Just comfort me this time.”

Karenna smiled and sped back up to catch up to her friend. Nia pointed up the hill on the other side of the driveway.

“You girls up for a quick hike? I’ve got another view you have to see.”

Both nodded in excitement. Though for more reasons than just the view, as they walked back across the driveway, Mary-Ann knew she had to make it somewhat believable for Nia. Maybe. She did warn her after all. But maybe then for Karenna. They reached the bottom of the hill. As Nia and Karenna started to climb up the obvious trail, Mary-Ann stopped behind them and put a hand over her crotch as though she was more desperate than she was. She had to go, just not to the point of having an actual accident. She spoke up

“Uh, Nia…Is it much farther?”

“We can wait for you if you want to use the bathroom. It’s just inside the door.”

Mary-Ann looked back towards the driveway, then back at her friends. She made one final fake protest

“No I-I can hold it.”

“You sure.”

“Yup.”

Nia shrugged and Karenna smiled. The trio walked up the path in silence, Mary-Ann’s obvious predicament had made it a bit awkward but she was doing this for Karenna. And to bring the idea to Nia. She had to do this for more than just her. But she had to admit, she liked the excuse to wet her pants, even if Nia didn’t want her to for the rest of the vacation. She wanted to pick her spot. But in the woods, everything looked the same. They were far enough away from the house that they couldn’t see it or the start of the trail anymore. This was as good as spot as any Here goes nothing. Or everything Mary-Ann grabbed the crotch of her olive cargo shorts and bent down in a half squat. She exhaled, releasing her bladder and her words

“Hey girls? I-yeah, I can’t hold it anymore.”

The ground beneath her started to splatter as her excess urine sprayed out of her shorts, turning the olive green into a dark, almost black color. Mary-Ann continued talking, driving her embarrassment forward.

“I’m so sorry Nia. The first time we meet and I’m…ahhh, I just couldn’t wait anymore.”

Nia stood shocked. The boss and the leader she had heard so much about was standing just a few yards away, her hand jammed in her crotch, and she was peeing. Her shorts had been completely stained by the piss that was splattering the dirt. It kicked the debris up and onto her bare ankles. Nia looked over to her best friend Karenna, expecting similar shock. But Karenna was intently watching. It was almost as if she was enjoying the sight of another grown woman having an accident. Mary-Ann spoke again

“Oh Karenna, this must be so embarrassing for you, you introduce me to your best friend and the first thing I do is pee my pants. I’m so sorry!”

Karenna stepped forward. Nia didn’t know what to expect. But when Karenna spoke. It didn’t seem real. Like she had planned it

“That’s ok Mary-Ann. You tried to wait that whole long car ride and the tour. I understand, accidents happen. You just finish peeing and Nia will show us the rest of the place, right?”

Karenna looked up at her friend. Nia didn’t really have any words

“Uhh…yeah. It’s…fine?” Nia tried to say something to the woman that was just finishing peeing her pants.

Mary-Ann looked Karenna in the eye. Her best friend had gotten her wish. Karenna put her arm on Mary-Ann back. Her boss winked back at her. Nia saw it.

It can’t be. It must. This is team building? Look at Kar. She’s totally on board. What on earth is going on? Nia tried to stay calm, but what was there to do or say when what she was looking at was so beyond the pale? Mary-Ann had finished, and the rest of the tour went in silence. Until they came upon a clearing.

What looked like a large rock, protruding from the ground, was actually a cliff-face that over looked a valley. It was magical. Both Mary-Ann and Karenna gasped when the saw the pure beauty of the nature in front of them. They both sat down on the edge of the cliff, their legs dangling off of the edge. Nia hung behind them, her back resting on a tree.

Karenna put her hand on Mary-Ann’s leg.

“Thanks boss.” The rock under her was darkening.

“Again Kar?” Mary-Ann pointed it out

“I had just a little bit left. I’ll talk to her. I think she’s a little shocked.”

“I would be too.”

After a while the two stood. Mary-Ann led them back down the trail, the path back to the house was a simple straight line. Nia walked next to Karenna.

“You mind telling me what on earth that was? Did she-was that planned?”

“You can ask her about that. But it’s a little game we play, sure.”

“What’s the game?”

Karenna shrugged “It doesn’t have a name”

“Well, what’s the point?”

“To pee your pants.”

“I-What?”

“You heard me girl.”

Nia could see a tiny glimmer on Karenna’s black leggings. Was she doing it right now? Karenna turned, and pulled her leggings forward, the wet material could hardly expand

“You see this? We stopped for gas on the way here, and I had to go. So I did.”

She slapped her leggings back into place, and walked towards the house, leaving Nia dumbfounded.

When the trio reached the SUV, Karenna took one of her suitcases and rolled it inside. Nia walked up behind Mary-Ann, who was still in her wet shorts and asked her

“You mind telling me what the hell that was?”

Mary-Ann answered sheepishly “Team building. I told you it was strange.”

“Yeah but you…It…Karenna said it’s a game between you guys.”

Mary-Ann nodded “Basically.”

“So who wins, what’s that point?”

Mary-Ann shrugged “Point is to pee your pants. Are you ok if Kar and I play it outside?”

Nia was stunned at the concept. But if it was outside, maybe

“If it was anyone else, I’d say no. But Kar thinks the world of you. She’s said as much. You seem genuine, you’re a leader.” She sighed “Fine. Just don’t get any of it inside.”

“No problem. And I’m guessing you’ll want a full explanation?”

“You’re damn right I do.”

“If you’d take me for a jog, I can explain it all.”

“All due respect, you couldn’t keep up with me.”

“Bet?”

“Ohh, I like you Mary-Ann. No bet. But you got yourself a deal. I want to know why this” She motioned to Mary-Ann soaked shorts “is something you two do.”

Mary-Ann smiled. The girls trip was going to be a memorable one.

A/N: What are your thoughts on the rest of the girls trip? Did you like Nia's reaction and Mary-Ann's plan? And what of Karenna asking Mary-Ann to do more public wetting with her. Will that become a problem?

*117*2021-12-15 17:27

{{1 hour ago, PeeHour said:

Fantastic start to the trip! So much wetting! I'm definitely looking forward to the rest.

Nia's reaction seemed prerty realistic. I'm wondering if she will 'warm up' to the idea too though..

I hope Karenna doesn't push Mary-Ann to hard on the public wetting! Karenna definitely likes the thrill/shame/comforting aspext, while Mary-Ann just likes wetting. Karenna better be careful not to ruin the good thing they have going! But who know, maybe Mary-Ann will end up liking it too.

Also, I liked the reference to my story! Perhaps I'll make a similar reference soon!

}}

The only thing I worried about in rereading this section, is that maybe it was too much? Maybe I could have split this chapter into 2 parts, its the longest one yet at 10k words. Was there too much wetting? Like to where it was almost to much to enjoy one before it moved to another?

Also, on the story side, do you think Karenna could really try and push this on Nia the way that she’s trying to get Mary-Ann into the public aspect of omorashi? Nia does seem rather headstrong though

*120*2021-12-15 20:15

{{1 hour ago, PeeHour said:

You can never have too much wetting! For real though, I don't think it was too much, especially since the previous part didn't have as much. If every part was non-stop then it may be too much, but I think you space them out well. It was expected since it was just Mary-Ann and Karenna!

Karenna could try to convince Nia, because she's bringing some additional ammunition: her successful boss already wet in front of her and could help persuade, plus Nia and Karenna have already peed outside together in an alley (correct me if I'm wrong, it was a while ago). Obviously not quite the same level as wetting, but it at least shows she's not repulsed by her bodily functions. Peer pressure may convince her eventually, but I doubt she'll join in right away if she does at all

}}

I try to keep a balance lol, I'm glad I'm walking that tight rope well though! I think you're right about Mary-Ann begin the key, after all, Nia respects her as another leader. I think Nia would be more open to peeing over wetting, because of exactly what you said. She feel like she does what it takes to get the job done, and if she has to go, then she has to go somewhere, right? I like the idea of peer pressure though, or her resistance to it.

{{59 minutes ago, orangelion said:

I think there can never be too much omo and I don't mind long chapters. I'm looking forward to the rest of the trip, hoping there is peeing involved. Nia reacted as well as one could expect for someone who isn't into wetting.

I actually commented on it, I had just forgot about it. Thanks for reminding me. Maybe Karenna could use this past event to get Nia into omo.

It is understandable for Mary-Ann to be afraid of being caught. She owns a business and if word spreads around her business partners then no one would want to do business. She would be forced to close her business and lose her life's work. Karenna on the other hand is just an employee that can't even lose her job since Mary-Ann even indulges in wetting with her.

}}

I like your assessment of Mary-Ann's situation. I think your spot on with that, and she's not trying to be a stick in the mud. She's just trying to be careful. As I have it planned, 5.3 is going to be a lot more of a mix between peeing and wetting, there would be a couple scenes of each, though this whole chapter is more focused on omo.

{{9 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I liked her reaction and the plan.

}}

Did you like the role that Mary-Ann let Karenna take on when she executed the plan?

*122*2021-12-23 05:25

A/N: I'm sorry that this took so long to get published, it's been busy this time of year for obvious reasons. Nonetheless, its the first chapter that we get to spend a lot of time with Nia, so I hope you like her character and her arc in this chapter. The final quarter of this chapter has the final bit of story content for chapter 5, let me know how you think the coming conflict will be resolved

Chapter 5.3: Nia the Stubborn Woman

It took Mary-Ann a moment to remember where she was. The bed was comfortable at least. The frame was made to look rustic, as was everything in the room. But this was no log cabin. As her eyes adjusted to the low light of the early morning she smiled. It was a good feeling, to be around friends and with them on a beautiful property. The sliding glass door to her left led to a terrace, the door on her right to the bathroom. She wouldn’t really need it except to change and to shower. Forgoing her usual morning pee, Mary-Ann changed into her athletic wear. A pair of dark grey shorts with white strings and a pink waistband, it went well with her white top. With a bladder that had started to fill overnight, and a full day ahead of her, Mary-Ann was ready for some fun.

The massive living room, with its stone fireplace and ornate chandelier, was surrounded by an open hallway on the second floor. The master bedroom was on the same floor as Mary-Ann’s guestroom, with the door open Mary-Ann caught a glimpse of the king size bed and huge windows that overlooked the lake and dock. Descending the stairs into the living room, Mary-Ann could see Nia in the kitchen, making herself a smoothie. She looked over to Mary-Ann and smiled

“Glad I didn’t bet, you’re right on time.”

“Can’t be successful if you’re always late.”

“Right on girl. You up for a run?”

“Always.”

“You sure? It is a trail run”

Mary-Ann gave her a look. Nia could see the eyes of a competitor. She knew why Karenna said they’d be fast friends. She smiled again at her friends boss

“Have this then.” Nia passed her the smoothie she had just made, and two waters.

Mary-Ann smiled back. Despite the fact they were both clearly early risers, it didn’t mean they were chatterboxes. While Nia made a second smoothie for herself, Mary-Ann stayed quiet. She would have normally used this time to excuse herself, but this week was all about not doing such things. She was with Nia, and part of her felt like she should go, just so she wouldn’t be forcing it on their host. Then again, she did get the green light. Nia took the bar stool next to Mary-Ann and started to drink her green smoothie along with her. Mary-Ann noticed a picture on the counter of Nia and a strapping young man in a suit.

“Is this Drew? The one I’ve been hearing about?”

“That’s my husband. I miss him so much right now.”

“Work?”

“Yeah, you should have heard him talking to his boss. When my season starts we don’t get any time together, just these six or eight weeks. But there was some sort of merger going on, a company they were buying-I’m not sure what the deal was. But he was not happy.”

“Sounds like he cares about seeing you.”

“I care about seeing him too. Are you with anyone?”

“I have a boyfriend, yeah. He’s really the first one that I can see myself with. He’s just, kind of what I always pictured.”

“Wasn’t the same for us. But here we are, married. And I don’t have any intention of ever leaving his side.” Nia pointed to the picture “That was us at a function about a month after he bulked up. He was this scrawny kid looking for a masters in finance, and he thought I would want a boyfriend who was big and strong.” She smiled, reminiscing “That was when I knew. Because I thought I would want that. But the truth was, I just wanted to be with him. Not saying that it doesn’t help that he’s really hot now, but still.”

Mary-Ann nodded, understanding. She felt a little bloated with her morning waters still trapped inside. If she didn’t start now, she wouldn’t even be able to run. She asked Nia if she was ready, and the two set off, out the front door.

“It’s not far, not even a mile. But pace yourself, and if you need to take a breather, tell me. The hills are monsters.”

Mary-Ann exhaled, prepping herself for the unknown route. She nodded at Nia. She was ready.

The run started off as a nice jog to get the two going. Nia led Mary-Ann past the dock, and along the shoreline of the lake. A small dirt path took them past the smallish private beach and into the wooded section of the property. Each thump of Mary-Ann’s foot on the dirt sent a pulsing sensation up her spine and to her bladder. Her agitated bladder preformed well, keeping its owner dry for the moment. Pleasure that Mary-Ann derided from desperation was one of her favorite aspects to this little game. There was nothing better than being on this enjoyable run with a new friend, than to also feel that she could lose control at the wrong moment. As the two entered the cover of the trees, Mary-Ann admitted to herself the pleasure of introducing this to someone new. Maybe it was time for Tyler to know. She hoped Nia might have some insight. She was a leader too.

“Nia?”

“Don’t tell me you need a breather already!”

“No.” Mary-Ann caught up, the two now more in a run than a jog “When you first met me yesterday, and I…you know…what was your reaction?”

“Confusion. Worry”

“Why?”

“When a grown woman you just met is suddenly pissing on herself. It’s usually cause for alarm.”

“So if I was trying to introduce someone to it, that’d be the wrong way?”

“Uh huh. If you’re still trying to get me to do it, the answer is no.”

“Not you. I was thinking of someone else.”

“Your boyfriend?” Nia sniffed it out immediately

“Yup.”

“I don’t have much advice here, but I tell the girls on the team that the truth and lying can be just as hard. Pick which hard you want.”

Mary-Ann understood. It was still too much for her to tell him outright. But Nia was probably right. Just wetting herself in front of him without telling him wasn’t right.

“Look Mary-Ann, one of the best views here.” Nia pointed

To her left the trees cleared, showing off an up close view of the lake. Without a beach, the shoreline came right up the grass just a few yards away from the trail. The water lapped against the edge. With the morning mist rising off the lake, it was quite the view. But the sound of the water and the pounding of her feet on the dirt had jostled her bladder enough that she knew she wouldn’t be making it back to the house. But with Nia’s response to her wetting, and the fact that it was just the two of them, could she really do it in front of her?

“Hardest part right here. It’s all uphill.” Nia pointed up the trail.

Mary-Ann smiled back at her, she was a competitor after all. And the only question that she had would be resolved soon.

Karenna awoke. Her bladder was as hard as a rock. She knew why. On her nightstand stood an empty bottle of water, the one that she had chugged the night before. The guestroom that she stayed in matched her apartment in size and outmatched it in view. The room had its own terrace, with a view of the lake and connecting pathway to the dock. Karenna studied it for a moment. It was peaceful. Another twinge in her full bladder. Sliding out of bed, she couldn’t help but cringe as her feet touched carpet. A sharp pain shot from her aching bladder around her body. Opening her dresser, Karenna picked out her outfit. Purple leggings would hide a beige pair of panties. A bra would match her panties and a white t-shirt would top it all off.

The trouble was getting everything on. Slipping her baggy shorts and night shirt off was the easy part. Bending down to slide on her beige panties was not. As her legs arched forward, her bladder and overactive imagination wanted her to let it all out on the carpet. She wouldn’t. Not all over her best friend’s floor. She got her feet into each leg hole of her underwear and danced them onto herself. Kicking her legs and shaking her hips, she got her panties on. Her bra and shirt were much easier, but as her leggings stuck to her thighs, her bladder made another effort to give her pleasure.

Karenna grabbed immediately for her privates. There was no leak, but she was surprised at how bad it was. As she slid her leggings over herself, Karenna thought for a second. Would it prolong her hold if she let go a little at a time? There was no better stretch than this vacation to experiment with her favorite pastime. Just a little. Not even enough to darken her pants. She did it. Just a little spirt. It felt nice, to warm her panties just a little. She wasn’t sure if it helped though.

Exiting her room, she entered the large living room. Nia and Mary-Ann were gone, and Karenna assumed they had gone on their run. She made her way to the kitchen counter. A cup of coffee sat with a note. Hey weirdo, guess you still get up late. Thought you might want this. -Nia It was done just the way Nia had made it for her all those times in the past. Though it was lukewarm now, the flavor and their bond came through. Karenna got another idea. She took another sip. She let a spirt of pee out. Now she burned. Karenna didn’t have to hold herself, but there was no way she could do it again without grabbing her now damp panties. She decided to take her coffee and her science experiment outside.

Mary-Ann was going to have to make a decision. The pressure had grown to the point where it was now constantly pressing on her genitals. Her pace had slowed as the waters inside her dragged her down. The hill didn’t help. Her quads burned as much as her pee-hole did. But the crest of the hill was in her sight. She was almost there. Each step burned the bottom of her tired feet. The iron lock on her bladder still held. As she nearly reached the top, she could run anymore. Nia wasn’t kidding, this was a challenge. Her running partner looked behind her, already at the top.

“C’mon Mary-Ann, you got this!”

Mary-Ann panted back. The strain on her muscles. She should just go. But she couldn’t. She knew how Nia would react. Karenna wasn’t her to join her either. It’d be too odd. She was covered in sweat as she panted her way to the top. Nia was waiting.

“You good?”

“Just…give me…a second.”

Mary-Ann put her hands on her knee-caps, exhausted. And still holding her pee. Though hopefully not for long.

“Another view. Awesome isn’t it?”

Mary-Ann was too full to stand up fully. But the hill over looked the lake as it met a river. The wide area was majestic, open. Mary-Ann put her hand over her crotch as she ventured towards it.

“You sure you’re good?”

“I’ll be honest Nia. I’ve got to pee. Badly. Do you mind if I just-“

“If you’re going to ask what I think you’re about to, its still too strange for me. But thank you for asking. Can you use a tree, or that rock over there?”

Mary-Ann nodded. She crept behind a rock, just off the trail. It was big, more of a bolder. But Mary-Ann didn’t have time to be a geologist. She slid her athletic shorts down to her ankles, along with her panties, and squatted, overlooking the hill.

It wasn’t a second after she had gotten her panties to her ankles, that a clear stream of piss exploded out of her. With the amount of pressure it had taken to keep her water inside, an equal amount of force sprayed it out. The small amount of rock that was sat under her immediately darkened, and the dirt quickly turned to a small pool of mud. The experience reawakened Mary-Ann’s spirit. She remembered that time in the car. The same day as her accident. The desperate pee on the road. She had liked that just as much. It had made her cum.

Her strongest stream continued to rifle through stray leaves, to find the earth below. It was not matched in force, but it was joined by smaller flows that crept their way out of her and down her skin. Some had enough excess urine to drip off of her exposed womanhood. Putting two fingers on her hood, she arched her stream up before it started to die down.

“You weren’t kidding!” Nia could hear her all the way over where she was standing

“I thought you were grossed out?”

“No. You play sports long enough and you find out that even athletes have to pee at some point. Just most don’t do it in their pants.”

“So what do you do?”

“Hold it. Unless you’re that soccer team I read about. You’d have to be a massive prude to think that people shouldn’t go outside if they have to. Everyone understands that.”

“Yeah, tell that to Sarah.”

“Who?”

“Never mind.” Mary-Ann stood. She was covered, and had finished peeing.

“We’ll walk back.” Nia pointed “It’s just back down this way.”

Mary-Ann followed her host down the trail, replaying their conversation in her mind. Everyone has to go at some point. What if she just happened to get desperate with Tyler around? In a place where there were no bathrooms? Maybe he’d like to watch her pee. Maybe she’d let him clean her off? Maybe she could introduce him to her little world this way. Maybe he’d like it. The thought excited her, and she couldn’t help but feel a little horny.

A boat passed through the lake, and in front of Karenna’s seat on the deck. All the troubles in her life felt as though they were unable to penetrate this little sanctuary. The morning air wrapped around her in a comforting shroud of easiness. Would it feel better if she let a little out? Karenna felt a rush towards her crotch, a signal that most people would have taken to clench, but Karenna did nothing. It wasn’t long before her panties started to feel warm again. 

She stopped it after a second or two. Still nothing on her pants. Putting her coffee down on the table in front of her, she looked down and watched as she let go again. This time, she tried to stop, but her body rebelled, and a stronger flow spurted and sprayed out. A dark stain appeared on her crotch, and a streak down her leg. It stopped, but it was much harder to do so. The feeling of relief was grand, to great for her to hold out much longer. She felt like her experiment had failed. This was not was to stave off the inevitable ending to a hold, if anything, it signaled the end was near. Perhaps the key was to start before real desperation set in. Karenna was going to have to try this later. She finished off her coffee. It was time to end this hold.

Mary-Ann could see the house again. It sat just below them, at the bottom of the hill. Nia still walked in front of her.

“I never did get my explanation of all of this.”

“Its kind of a long story. I promise I’m not avoiding it, but maybe it’ll be a group story when Kar’s with us.”

“Why don’t we just ask her now? She’s right down there.” Nia pointed to the small figure walking around the driveway

“You can go ahead, but she might want to be alone while she pees her pants.”

They reached the driveway at the bottom of the hill

“She’s not doing that now, is she?”

“I’ll bet you she is.”

Karenna turned towards them, they were in earshot. Nia saw her best friend of just over a decade, streaks of darkening colors running down her legs. Karenna put her hand over her brow shielding herself from the sun. She was acting as though nothing was strange or odd.

“I guess you were right.” Nia told Mary-Ann

Karenna called to them “There you guys are! Couldn’t stay away from me, could you?”

Karenna’s clear urine began to splash and bounce off the asphalt driveway. Her leggings couldn’t hold anymore liquid and were over run by the torrent she was releasing.

“We were just trying to run from the weird girl who pees her pants!” Nia playfully teased

“Well she was following you the whole time.” Karenna pointed to Mary-Ann. She looked back over to Nia, who was entering the house “Instead of calling it weird, why don’t you come over here and join me? It’s warm!”

“I’m sure it is! But you and your puddle can stay over there!”

Karenna playfully stuck her tongue out at her friend, pee was still splashing onto the ground and dripping off her legs. Her puddle reacted to Mary-Ann’s shoe stepping in it.

“Don’t make her do it Kar.”

“Wouldn’t be fun though, if the three of us just did it whenever?” Karenna’s stream was ending

“Sure. But shouldn’t we be happy that she even lets us do it at all?”

“Ahhh…yeah but I think she might like it…You going to join me? Maybe we can make this puddle reach the lake!”

“Sorry Kar, I went during our run.”

Karenna looked down at Mary-Ann’s dry shorts. She raised an eyebrow. Mary-Ann offered an explanation

“She didn’t want me to, and I respected her wish. Went behind a rock.”

“Boo! You’re just going to leave me here in my own puddle?”

“You seem to enjoy it.”

Karenna let out a second, smaller flow, rewetting her already drenched leggings. It was quite obvious that she peed her pants. They glistened with the new liquid running down her legs.

“I do. But it’s always more fun when your boss does it too!”

Mary-Ann smiled and walked towards the home. Karenna followed, her shoes squelching behind her, drips of pee leaving a trail of their own. Mary-Ann turned to her squeaking and squelching friend.

“Kar, let me see if Nia has a towel for you. I don’t think you want to be dripping all over her house.”

Mary-Ann was right. Karenna didn’t want to ruin her friends house like that. Slipping her sneakers off, she took of her socks and rung them out while Mary-Ann went inside.

Nia had just slipped her athletic shorts off her panty-less body when she heard a knock at the bathroom door. Mary-Ann asked her a question as Nia sat down on the toilet.

“Do you have any extra towels? I don’t think we want Kar dripping all over the place.”

“I’ll bring one out. Give me a second.”

As Mary-Ann walked away, Nia’s body began to hiss and spray a respectable stream of piss into the toilet. As it splattered, it wet the ample pubic hair around her pussy and started to turn the clear pool of water into a yellowish one. It filled with her second pee of the day, most of what her body did not sweat out during her run. It still struck her as odd that Karenna would do this with her pants on. Stranger still, Mary-Ann did it too. But she’d still get a towel for her friend.

When Nia emerged from the bathroom, she had a towel slung over her shoulder. Mary-Ann was filling up a tin bottle with water. She turned.

“Got to stay hydrated.” Mary-Ann took a sip

“Of course. And I’m sure that’s all you have in mind, right?”

Mary-Ann winked, her lips still around the bottle. The two walked out of the front door and Mary-Ann wiped her mouth and carried the bottle with her. Karenna was leaned against Mary-Ann’s SUV, basking in the sun. Her purple leggings still stained down her legs. Nia tossed her the towel

“Never thought I’d have to make it a rule, but if you pee yourself, you can’t come in until you dry off. Don’t want you dripping all over the place.”

Karenna spoke as she wiped herself with the towel. “So you’re going to lock yourself out of the house after you do it?”

“I am not going to pee myself Kar!”

“It’s fun girl! You should try it once at least.”

“C’mon Kar- don’t make her.” Mary-Ann added

“You tell her, boss.”

Nia turned to Mary-Ann, who was red in the face. Embarrassment flowed though her. But she did tell the truth.

“It…it is really fun.”

Nia shook her head. “I’ll take your word for it. Are you girls up for a little off-roading today?”

Both Mary-Ann and Karenna nodded, neither had been before, but Nia offered to make them lunch and take them on a trail up one of the hills. The group headed back inside, and while Nia prepared a nice lunch, both Karenna and Mary-Ann chatted with her and each other. The conversation ranged from business to sports and even how Nia and Drew found the expansive property. The entire time Karenna was downing water, along with Mary-Ann, who was finishing her water bottle that she had filled. Both women knew what they were doing, and neither acknowledged it.

When they were ready, Nia took her two friends out of the house to the separate garage. Inside was an older, but well maintained sports car. It looked as though it may have cost more than some houses. The other side was home to a cherry red off-roading vehicle. Mary-Ann took the passenger seat, and Karenna the back bench seat. Nia started the car, but not before asking

“We all good? No one needs anything?”

Mary-Ann looked back at Karenna. Her leggings were still stained from her earlier wetting. Karenna replied

“Nope! All set.”

“Alright.” Nia pointed “But I saw how much you both had to drink in there. I swear if either of you-“

“It’s alright Nia, we can wait. At least until we get up there, right Kar?” Mary-Ann tried to assure their host

“I’ll be good!” Karenna made a promise

With that, the trio set off, and it wasn’t long before they were cruising over the same dirt path they had walked yesterday.

Despite Mary-Ann’s assurances and Karenna’s promise, it wasn’t long before the drinks that each had consumed made their way down to their respective bladders. Mary-Ann looked out the door, the roll-top had no traditional windows, and Karenna held herself. It was a smooth ride past the initial clearing that Nia had shown them yesterday, but the smoothness of that drive had lulled the friends into the idea that the entire drive would be as smooth. It was most certainly not.

When they hit their first divot in the road, Mary-Ann bounced so hard in her seat, that she thought she was going to break her pelvis. The car stopped, as Nia reoriented the wheel and gave the powerful engine some leverage up the steep incline. Mary-Ann was thrown back into the seat, and her filling bladder shot feelings of pain throughout her body. Her back was glued to the seat, and she could swear she was leaking. She held on hand tightly on the door, and another on her crotch. The seatbelt that lay across her lap did little to help her or hurt her. They hit another bump on the trail. A shockwave of urgency flowed up from her filling bladder to her upper body. The jostling and the bounces were giving her a head ache.

Karenna wanted to masturbate. She couldn’t, and she knew that, but the feeling of her already damp panties and leggings rubbing and moving over her skin was erotic. To add to her already sexual thoughts, she could feel the need for her bladder to void rising in her abdomen. She pulled her strained tights up, giving herself a camel-toe. Nia was hard focused on driving, and wouldn’t notice her squirming in the back seat. Karenna could see Mary-Ann from where she was seated too. She had never seen her boss like this. Her muscles were bulging out of her neck, and her leg was bouncing rapidly. The whites of her knuckles were visible. It would have been hot to see if Karenna didn’t feel bad for her boss. She was usually chatty on rides like this, but Karenna wasn’t sure if it was fear or desperation that had overtaken her boss.

As the car powered over the final crest of the hill, Mary-Ann still had her hand jammed into her cargo shorts. She was shaking. Holding onto the door with all her might, she was sure she was taking some of the paint off. Nia stopped the car, they sat in a clearing, a field to their right and another stretch of dark woods ahead. Nia looked at Mary-Ann

“Are you going to be ok? I appreciate that you and Kar have a game going but, not all over my seats.”

“No…I just…feel. Off. It…its ok, really.”

“You sure? I’m not going to think less of you if you hop out. I will if you get piss all over these seats.”

“She won’t!” Karenna chirped up. She had to go too, but was much more comfortable than Mary-Ann. “She’s great at holding it. I once saw her go through three back to back meetings, all without a break!”

Mary-Ann turned red again. She wasn’t sure if Karenna was doing this on purpose, or that she was just fascinated by Mary-Ann’s ability to wait. Karenna spoke again

“Nia, tell her you think she can hold it too.”

Quiet ensued it was awkward between them. Nia spoke anyway

“You know, I think I can relate. I’ve been in the middle of a game and been about as bad as you are now. Sometimes it helps to think of how many people are watching, if its 2 or 200,000, you don’t want to embarrass yourself.” Nia slapped Mary-Ann’s taut thigh. “You got this girl.”

Mary-Ann smiled. It helped to think of the harm she’d do if she lost it. She was determined to wait, she could do it.

As the car moved, Karenna was even more aroused than before. The thought of wetting in front of that many people was enticing. What if she was in front of that many people, and they all saw her? Would they snicker? Would they point and laugh? She knew in her logical mind that most would try and put it off, or they’d ignore her. That’s what they had done before. But surely some out of that group would be like Sarah. They’d laugh and point at her. They’d embarrass her. The idea made Karenna wet for another reason. As the off roading SUV started to climb the last hill, Karenna pulled her pee stained leggings away from her body. With those thoughts and the wrong shake or push of the car, she could be having an orgasm in short order. She was not about to cross that bridge.

Mary-Ann had her eyes closed. She couldn’t tell if it was the fear that was causing her bladder to ache, or if she was a afraid because her bladder ached. She hadn’t started to leak, but her head hurt. The car stopped. Then it started again as Nia traversed the narrow path. Mary-Ann still had her eyes shut. She felt a tap on her exposed thigh. She opened her eyes. It was Nia. She said quietly asked

“You sure you’re ok?”

Mary-Ann nodded. Nia added

“You’re doing great, we’re almost at the top.”

Karenna wasn’t paying attention to her two friends at the front. The constant motion hadn’t affected her the way that it had with Mary-Ann, but the waters she had drank before leaving had. If it had just been her, she would have started peeing her pants at this point, but she had made a promise to Nia. Karenna couldn’t even try her new experiment out. Part of her worried that she’d overestimate and piss on the seat. Instead she clutched herself and leaned forward, looking out the windshield. The car was at an angle, and Karenna could see the bright blue sky. Another lurch of the vehicle. They were there.

A grassy meadow awaited them, and a clear view of the entire state. Karenna could see other mountain tops, the wide, cutting river that normally roared next to them at the house, and the tops of small towns. Trees looked like grass over a hill from where they were. Nia stopped the car.

Mary-Ann touched the ground. She didn’t remember undoing her seatbelt or even thanking Nia for getting them up the hill in the first place. As soon as her sneakers touched the path beneath her, Mary-Ann stumbled over to the tall grass. She got on one knee

And peed her pants

The speeding urine quickly overflowed her crotch and turned her beige cargo shorts a dark brown. Diverted by the fact that Mary-Ann was only on one knee, it soaked that leg. The butt and back of her shorts absorbed most of the damage, her sprinkling pee pouring out of the pant leg and onto her calf. The grass around her looked as though the morning dew had passed it by. Nia walked around the front of the car

“Hey Mary-Ann, are you ok?” She walked up to the kneeling girl. She heard the splattering dirt “Oh, your pe-that…that’s fine.”

Mary-Ann looked up at her, the color back in her face and the life in her eyes again

“My shoe was untied.”

“Yeah those double knots could break at any moment. Doesn’t explain why you started to pee on yourself though.”

“Sure it does-“

“You two trying to run from me?”

Nia looked back at Karenna, she had come up behind the two.

“What?”

“Nothing. I just went around the wrong side of the car.” Karenna pointed at the kneeling Mary-Ann “Is she alright?”

“Yeah. Just peeing herself.”

“Oh.” The crotch of Karenna’s leggings began to darken. “That reminds me.” Karenna started to talk in a ditzy voice, clearly playing a character “I need to speak to the manager of this place, because I just had to pee for like- ever on a really long ride.” The ground below her splattered and began to form a puddle. Her pussy hissed as it released its pee “And I couldn’t even find a bathroom when I got out. Now I’m having an accident.”

The already stained leggings were re-darkened, turning nearly black as her piss ran down her thighs in droves. Her shoes, which had dried not too long ago from her morning wetting, started to fill again with her excess pee. Her socks were covered in the overflow. Nia watched her best friend pee her pants for a little, then walked past her and through her puddle to the back of the SUV. Nia spoke as she got the tarp out

“What do you have against Samantha, Kar?”

“What?” Karenna stream began to taper off. “Nothing. I was just doing a voice.” Mary-Ann walked behind Karenna and stopped. Nia responded

“My bad, I honestly thought you were doing an impression.”

“I’ll bet she’d at least join us.”

“So now you’re just recruiting all your friends then?”

“No. Just you.”

Mary-Ann elbowed Karenna in the back. She mouthed for Karenna to stop it

“I think you need better tactics then girl. The answer is still no.” She had a blue tarp and a number of food items from the trunk. “When you two panty pissers are done though, could you grab the rest of the food for me?”

Both Karenna and Mary-Ann obliged, now in obviously pee stained pants. Mary-Ann’s shorts were primarily wet down one leg, and Karenna sported a more uniform wetness that had coated both legs. As they left the trunk with the food, Karenna’s shoes squelched and squeaked with her movements. Mary-Ann commented

“Doesn’t that get loud? Or annoying?”

“No, of course not. Its one of the best things about it!”

“How?”

“Just imagine if you were in a line or walking down the street and you heard them. You’d know that I pissed myself. Its like a little reminder every time I take a step.”

Mary-Ann didn’t argue. It wasn’t her idea of having fun with wetting, but Karenna clearly loved it. She had no problem with Karenna squishing and squeaking her way to the picnic site. Nia looked up at the sound as the two girls approached her.

“Which one of you is that?”

Karenna gave a sheepish grin

“Does that happen all the time when you do this?”

“No, only if you’ve got shoes on…or heels!”

“Kar, I swear if you start in the office!” Mary-Ann thought she was going there

“No! I just, you know…don’t make it to the bathroom when I get home…most days. Sometimes you don’t have time to kick your heels off when its running down your legs.”

Nia looked impressed by Mary-Ann’s rule. She was curious about it and asked her as the group began to eat. Mary-Ann explained that she couldn’t allow either of them to ‘play’ in the office because of the reputational damage that it could do to the company. She also didn’t want to pay for the constant carpet cleaning either.

“I think that’s part of being a leader you know?” Nia tried to connect it back to her own experiences. “People see the ability to afford this” She pointed to the off roading vehicle “and views like this” she motioned to the expansive view of nature “And assume that you’re just one of the lucky ones. But they never see what you sacrifice. I’m sure your impulses want you to just do what you guys just did. Yet you have enough respect for yourself and from Kar to think straight.”

“I see what you’re saying. I don’t think it’s that big of a sacrifice though. There are a lot of other things that we have to do to keep the ship running. Honestly, it’d be more of a distraction than anything else.”

The group sat in silence for a while. Enjoying the view, the food, and each other’s company. Nia had packed Karenna’s favorite soda, it was hers too, and the two women drank plenty of it. Mary-Ann stuck with water, which was what she drank most of the time. In short order, she had downed another bottle of it. Nia and Mary-Ann talked about sports for a little, while Karenna’s bladder started to refill. Now would be a much better time to experiment with herself. She took a break in the conversation to interject

“When I was younger, my brother would tell me about a giant spider in the woods near my house.” Karenna spurted as she spoke, warming her panties again “And for the longest time, I was so scared to even go near them.”

“You know why he didn’t want you near them?” Nia wanted to know how much Karenna really knew about her brother

“I can take a guess, yes.” Neither girl had noticed Karenna’s small release. It was exciting.

The conversation had hit a wall, Karenna wasn’t willing to go into her past, Nia wasn’t about to force her, and Mary-Ann had little to add. With their late lunch finished, Nia decided to start packing up. It was all in good time for her, as Nia could feel her bladder asking for relief soon. She wasn’t opposed to squatting in the ample nature around her, but with the questions that Karenna would bother her with, she’d rather hold it.

Nia got her two friends in pee stained pants to help her put the tarp back in the trunk and the containers that once housed food back into the car. Karenna didn’t feel as though she needed to pee and chalked it up to her little experiment. She’d have to try it again. Mary-Ann was sure she’d feel it soon, but for now, she’d hold it. Her cooled, damp shorts clung to her as a reminder of what she liked to do. As she sat back down in the passenger seat, Nia slapped her thigh, asking

“You going to be ok?” Nia recoiled her hand, wiping the wetness of Mary-Ann shorts on Mary-Ann’s shirt

Mary-Ann laughed at the scene “Yeah, I don’t usually get worked up over things like that. But I think part of it was how badly I needed to pee at the end there.”

“I can see that- considering its all over your shorts.” With that, Nia started the car

Mary-Ann smiled and closed her eyes. She wasn’t about to take another chance the way she had on the way up. But as the SUV shook and maneuvered its way around rocks and narrow paths, she kept her smile on. In her own way, Nia was just as warm of a personality as Karenna.

While Mary-Ann held on to the sides of the SUV for dear life, Nia and Karenna chatted off and on. Sometimes, they reminisced about their school days, and other times they simply small talked. The whole time the two chatted, Nia was holding it. She made no movements, she wasn’t squirming. But she had to go. It was not something that she wasn’t used to. She’d often have to wait at the end of games and talk to sports reporters before heading into the locker room. 

She never showed her hand-or desperation. And she didn’t need to now. But with each movement of the car, a wave or two would force itself to her opening. Nia’s well trained muscles would hold it back. She resisted the urge, but every time she looked back at Karenna, with her stained pants, she couldn’t help but think about it herself. But there was that lunch. She hated how her pants had felt afterwards. Damp, cold. She couldn’t do that to herself intentionally, could she? She resisted that thought too as the SUV entered the driveway.

Mary-Ann opened her eyes. The return trip had gone much better. And to top it off, she could feel herself in need of a restroom break. She hopped out of the car with more vigor than she had before and walked around to the back of the SUV. Karenna was standing in the driveway

“You know boss, don’t call me old, but I’m about ready for a nap.”

“You said it Kar, that was fun though, wasn’t it?”

Karenna nodded. Nia got out and walked around the side of the house towards the dock. When she was out of ear range, Karenna spoke

“We’re totally missing out. She can banter right along with us, and she’s not even done it yet.”

“How many times am I going to tell you to stop trying to make your friend pee her pants?”

“You’re right. I know I’m being over eager, but still…”

“If she wants too, she’ll come around. What about you? You’re tugging on your shirt like its attacking you.”

Karenna didn’t stop pulling on the hem of her shirt. But she did start pissing her tights again. For the third time that day, her panties where saturated by her warm urine rushing through them. They had hardly dried from the last soaking she had given them, and allowed her pee to drench her tights in a matter of seconds.

“Me? No…no I don’t have to pee.” It wasn’t enough to splatter out of her leggings, but it did puddle and pool at her feet. An obvious sign of an accident

Mary-Ann followed suit. Her cargo shorts stood up better than Karenna’s leggings, but they too started to darken. She bantered with Karenna “Well if you don’t, then I don’t either!”

Karenna smiled as pee dripped off of both of their legs. Though Mary-Ann clearly had more. Suddenly, Nia called for Mary-Ann. Mary-Ann stopped, and Nia called again from around the house.

“Hey Mary-Ann, I’d like to show you something real quick!”

“You go ahead boss, I’ll dry off and head inside.” As Mary-Ann walked, she held back plenty of pee that she hadn’t yet gotten out of her. She hoped it’d be quick, or she’d really be having an accident soon.

Nia led Mary-Ann down the dock towards the moored boat. She turned once they reach the end.

“I-I didn’t know how to bring this up, but I wanted to bring it up with you and not Kar. When I…have to go out here. I do have one place I like.” She exhaled, not really believing what she was saying “Would you-if you want. Care to join me?”

“Sure thing! You don’t care about the dock?”

“It’s supposed to get wet, isn’t it?”

Mary-Ann shrugged. It didn’t bother her. While Nia unbuttoned and slipped her jean shorts off, Mary-Ann continued to stand, summoning her urine again.

Nia put her nearly bare butt on the dock. On of her legs hung off the edge, just over the water. The other one remained arched on the dock itself. As she began to pee, it gained quite the range as it sprayed up in an arc and then fell into the lake. It didn’t sound to much different than when she peed in a toilet, but the exposed aspect of it is what gave it the novelty. Nia looked up at Mary-Ann, who was starting to develop a puddle around her feet.

“Oh. I meant like join me off the dock, not…”

“My bad! Shoot. Too late to stop now. I…really did have to go. Here, I’ll compromise.”

Mary-Ann walked to the edge of the dock, still wetting her shorts. She bent slightly at the knee and turned around, her backside facing the lake. Drips of pee fell off of her shorts and into the water. The ripple effect was dwarfed by Nia’s strong stream. Mary-Ann was about to say something when she stepped just over the edge of the dock. Falling backwards, she plunged into the water.

“Mary-Ann!” Nia had little time to yell before she pulled her shorts back up and jumped in after her

In just a moment, both soaking women popped back up, treading water.

“It’s fine. I can swim. But I think my shorts are a little more wet now.”

Nia laughed “Mine too!”

The two swam the short distance back to shore and crawled onto the small bunch of sand that constituted a beech. They lay on their backs, laughing at the event. When they caught their breath, the two women stood.

“Well, my shorts are a little wet. I guess we can tell Kar now.” Nia laughed

“I don’t think lake water is what she had in mind!” Mary-Ann made a face “My bra is wet. Do you mind?”

“I practically live in a locker room. It’s cool.”

Mary-Ann unhooked, her breasts dropping behind her white shirt.

“Kar’s right though. I need a shower and a nap.”

“Me too girl!”

As the pair walked towards the house, Mary-Ann put her hand on Nia’s shoulder

“Thanks for coming in after me. Didn’t think I made that much of an impression on you that fast.”

“Based on how Kar speaks of you, I respected you.” Nia motioned to Mary-Ann’s pants “Then I saw this and I didn’t know what to think. But you know what? After our run and picnic today, I consider you a friend.”

As the entered, Mary-Ann smiled “Right back at you!”

Karenna wasn’t expecting them to be back so soon, or she wouldn’t have been in a t-shirt and panties. She would have covered up, but the sight of Mary-Ann stopped her in her tracks. She was sopping wet, her white shirt hid nothing. They were there, her breasts. Perfectly large, but not too big. Karenna had never expected to see them. But they were obvious as they sat behind a thin veil. The water had made her t-shirt see though. They were comforting. Real. Karenna wanted them. She wanted them more than anything.

“What are you, a teenage boy now?” Nia caught her staring. She knew Karenna’s persuasion

“Uh…sorry.” Karenna turned and left. She heard her phone ringing

Mary-Ann had been drying off with a towel in the entryway and was to engrossed in doing so to pay attention to Karenna’s attention. Nia decided to let it be, and the two friends went their separate ways to shower

As Mary-Ann exited the bathroom, in comfortable sweats and a t-shirt, fresh from her shower, she was ready for a quick power nap. But Karenna sat on the foot of her bed. She looked at Mary-Ann, her brown eyes wide. She looked like a lost puppy dog.

“M-Mary-Ann? Can-can we talk?”

“Sure Kar, what’s up.”

“I-Chloe just called me.”

“And?”

Karenna took a deep breath. She looked away “She said…that I hurt her. I hurt her a lot. I didn’t mean to!”

Mary-Ann was afraid where this might lead to.

“She said that I needed to learn that I can really hurt other people. She said…ok. I-When we were dating, I sent her some…videos. She told me she was going to post them on social media and tag me. And the business.”

Karenna’s lips trembled. She wasn’t dealing with it well. Mary-Ann gave her a hug. Karenna started to cry. She blithered and blabbered about her feelings, that she didn’t mean to. That she was confused. Mary-Ann tried to comfort her. But Karenna stood. She looked at the wall. Then back to her boss

“None of this would have happened…if.” She closed her eyes, took another breath. “If we…” She put her hand on Mary-Ann’s knee. She whispered “Kiss me.”

“You know I can’t do that Kar.”

“Why did I say that! I’m sorry!” Karenna shouted

Nia walked in the room, she had heard the commotion. She looked worried, looking over at Mary-Ann she mouthed “Everything ok?”

Mary-Ann shook her head, and spoke “Kar? It’s ok. I’ll hug you if that’s ok.”

The distraught girl nodded. Mary-Ann gave her a tight hug. She motioned for Nia.

“And why don’t we make this a group hug?”

Karenna looked up as Nia walked over. The two old friends embraced, and the trio became one. silence, but for Karenna’s light crying. Nia spoke

“Kar, can I get you a little glass of that coco you always used to love?”

A smile broke though her tears. She nodded. Nia left with a phrase

“I’ll leave you two alone for a second.”

Mary-Ann waited for a moment before speaking again

“I had no idea you felt that way Kar.”

“Well I do, ok? I do. I.” She looked Mary-Ann dead in the eye “I love you.”

Before Mary-Ann could respond, she continued

“I tried and I tried to keep it down. I tried to be with someone else and I hurt them. Chloe’s right. I hurt her. But I did it because…because I wasn’t ready to admit it. But Mary-Ann, I love you. I love you more than anything. I get up in the morning because I get to see you. I…” She hugged Mary-Ann harder “I love you so much.”

Mary-Ann didn’t know what to say. She decided to divert the conversation back to the situation at hand

“Kar…I’m flattered. But did Chloe offer anything in place of…or is she going to try and ruin your life?”

“She said. She said that I owed her favors. I don’t know what or how many. But that’s what she said.”

“Kar, let me help you. I love you too. Just not, like that. You’re still my best friend and someone I want to share a lot with. Let me help you.”

Karenna smiled. She was happy she didn’t ruin her relationship with Mary-Ann over her admission “How-how can you help me?”

“I can give you some advice. Tell her that you will go along with what she asked. But turn your phone off the rest of this vacation. We don’t need this getting in our way. I think Nia’s got your drink ready too. We’ll nap and deal with this when we have to. But lets have a little fun while we can.”

Karenna nodded and left Mary-Ann’s room as her boss followed. Nia gave Karenna a hug and sent her off with a drink. Mary-Ann and Nia decided to talk. Mary-Ann told her about the threat, but omitted Karenna’s admission. That was something she’d keep between them.

“That’s awful! Kar was probably right to get out of that relationship. Guess it’s good she didn’t take my advice.”

“What’d you tell her?”

“To stay.”

Mary-Ann nodded “She was torn about leaving in the first place. I guess Chloe felt the same way.”

“That bitch just wants to control my friend. Excuse my language but I’ve seen this happen to Kar before and I’ll be damned if I just sit here again.”

“Well. I doesn’t look like we can do a whole lot at the moment. But you know what would really life her spirits.” Mary-Ann looked Nia dead in the eye.

“No! I couldn’t.”

Mary-Ann didn’t say anything. She just looked around the room. Letting her statement hang in the air.

“I mean…it’s just so…odd.”

“Is it really, now that you’ve been around us?”

“Would it really mean that much to Kar?”

“You know how many times she’s asked you.”

Nia nodded “But, how? I can’t just-can I?”

“Desperation helps. Just you know. Forget to go when you normally would. It helps if you don’t have another option.”

“…Maybe”

Mary-Ann smiled “You’re a good friend to have Nia. But I could use a nap. See you around the firepit?”

“You know I’ll be there girl!”

With that, the two parted. Mary-Ann was sure to bring a bottle of water from the fridge with her to her room. It was finished before she fell into a light sleep.

When Mary-Ann awoke, the sun was setting. The crimson hue’s of a wonderful sunset had started. She threw on a pair of grey leggings and kept her t shirt on. The water she had drank had control of her bladder. A quick brush of her hair, and she and her filled bladder were downstairs.

Mary-Ann saw Karenna at the bottom of the stairs, she had changed into a pair of black track pants and a white top. She smiled at her boss, and Mary-Ann smiled back as the two walked out the door. Nia had a fire going on the small beach. Mary-Ann stopped, wanting to tell Karenna something

“Hey Kar, I’m sorry I don’t love you, like that. But I want you to know how brave of you it was to tell me.”

“I just. I can’t believe how well you’ve taken it.”

“I told you, I’m flattered. I want you to know that it still means a lot to me.”

“It’s true, I-I’m just so happy I can finally admit it.”

“When we. Do this” Mary-Ann motioned for her grey pants “Does that…is that a tease? Am I…bothering you.”

“Don’t you dare take this from me boss! Even if I didn’t feel this way about you, I’d never want to stop our little game.”

“Neither do I. Which is also good, because I had more water before bed, and I really can’t hold it much longer.”

Mary-Ann didn’t move as she let go into her leggings. She could feel her butt start to soak in it, and the pee started to gather around her crotch. It was more forceful than she had expected, as a strong flow poured out of her crotch and splattered on the pavement below. Hot urine ran down, warming her legs as it pressed tightly against them by her tight leggings. The stain was wide and dripped as Mary-Ann started to walk again, out of her puddle.

“You’re not even done yet boss!”

“Yeah but its already cooling down. I need that firepit!” Mary-Ann stopped and turned around

“Oh it can’t be that bad!”

“Fine! Here.” Mary-Ann stayed in place, and crossed her arms

Karenna watched the rest of her bosses pee flow down her leggings. The grey color was harder to see in the setting sun, but her actions were still obvious. It was a good feeling, to know that Mary-Ann was so willing to let Karenna watch her. When she had finished, the friends walked over to Nia

“You didn’t wet the bed, did you?” Nia asked, half worried

“No, but once I got out here, I just couldn’t hold it anymore.”

“Yeah, she came up to me and kept asking me where the bathroom was, and before I knew it, she peed her pants!”

Nia looked at both of them and shook her head “You ought to write a book Kar. You have quite the imagination.”

The trio laughed, and took their places around the fire pit. Mary-Ann sat on a log across from Nia, and Karenna took the middle. The conversation was light and continued until the sun went down. Even as darkness enveloped the trio, they still conversed.

“How’d you end up in real estate anyway Mary-Ann?” Nia wanted to know

“To be honest, it beat bartending. All you need to do is pass the test and know how to sell.”

“Easier said than done though, right?”

“Yes. But the market is also hot right now. Lot of people look good no matter what.”

Mary-Ann heard a faint sound coming from where Karenna was seated. The log she was sitting on was darkening, and her black leggings were glistening as the light of the fire bounced off of them. Karenna was peeing her pants. She didn’t draw attention to it though, and Mary-Ann decided to keep talking

“I worked under another company for almost three years before striking it out on my own. Right around then a girl named Karenna Bryant decided to apply and the rest is history.”

“And then the two of you started peeing on yourselves?” The trio laughed

“At some point, I guess so. Too late to stop now.”

There was quiet, a lull in the conversation. Nia spoke first

“Speaking of which, its kind of late, a little cold. And I got to pee.”

Karenna spoke up “I will say, the sand is good for one thing.”

Mary-Ann responded in a singsong way “Kar peed her pants!”

Nia kicked the fire out with a blast of sand. It was dark. As her two friends started towards the house, Nia stayed put. She closed her eyes. Tried to relax. She felt a rush. Then nothing. Nia attempted again to relax. Nothing still. She had to pee, but still, nothing. She tried again, this time she visualized pushing her bladder beyond her mental barrier and felt a rush through her urethra towards her pee hole. Then it stopped. It was as if she could feel her pee right at her opening, waiting to get out. But she couldn’t. She gave in, and caught up with her friends.

Nia ran up to Mary-Ann who was a few yards behind Karenna. Her thighs were twinkling in the moonlight. Mary-Ann was peeing. It was dripping off of her already wet leggings and creating little splotches on the ground as she walked.

“How do you do it so easily?”

Mary-Ann turned “Practice. Like anything.”

“Yeah but…was there ever a time when it was hard?”

“Sure! But I just had to push through it. It’s really challenging at first. But then it becomes something that you can do whenever you want. At your will.”

“I don’t know if I want that. But I just tried. I couldn’t.”

“That’s ok Nia. You gave it a shot at least. Thank you for trying at least.”

Nia nodded, and followed Mary-Ann, who had finished peeing, inside.

Nia made it to her bathroom and pulled down her pants. As she easily relaxed into the toilet bowl, she couldn’t help but feel that she let down her friend.

A/N: Need to shorten these, huh? Last chapter was 10k, and this one was 9. Either way, I hope you liked Nia's arc here. And the more time I gave her with Mary-Ann, the more I liked their chemistry, what do you think?

*124*2021-12-24 04:43

{{10 hours ago, orangelion said:

Nia is a really good friend if she is trying something that would make her uncomfortable to make Karenna feel better. And I agree that Mary-Ann's chemistry with Nia works really well. What Chloe's threat is messed up. It's one thing to mess with the life of the person who hurt you, but it's another thing to involve others in your revenge.

Like I've said previously, I don't mind longer chapters. Make them as long as you need to, I would prefer that you don't purposefully shorten them.

}}

I agree. I think Nia is just a natural born leader, and she’s willing to go the extra mile for others because of that. My original plan for this section was to have written the actual conversation between Karenna and Chloe. But I’m glad the impact was still felt without it! I’ll try to make sure that I flesh out every idea that I want for each chapter, but the 10 and 9ks are rather taxing.

{{7 hours ago, PeeHour said:

It was worth the wait! I loved this part, it stayed engaging the whole time despite the length. And I agree. Mary-Ann and Nia's chemistry was solid; I enjoyed their interactions. (And I hope Nia gets over that mental barrier!) Chloe's threat seems a bit daunting, I wonder what she'll make Karenna do? Something embarrassing that Karenna actually likes?

As usual, the descriptions and writing was on point. Overall, excellent part, keep up the good work!

(Plus imagining Mary-Ann in her wet braless t shirt was a nice bonus)

}}

I was hoping it would be worth the wait! Like I said to OrangeLion, I think what makes Nia and Mary-Ann work is their mutual respect for each other, but also that they are very honest and I try to have that come through the dialogue. The next chapter is going to focus on Nia trying to break her own barrier, I’m sure you’ll enjoy it!

I played Mary-Ann falling backwards in for humor and because Karenna is horny lol. But it’s not a bad thought, I agree with you there!

*126*2021-12-27 15:23

{{18 hours ago, Infinity_Hold said:

If I remember correctly, she even desperately danced briefly in the stall, while Karenna was wetting.

}}

Good catch! I put that detail into 3.2 to hint that, while Sarah may not show a whole lot of desperation, she’s not invincible. I think some of their dialogue near the end of Mary-Ann’s talk gave hints too. As far as the rest of what I have planned with Sarah, I’ll keep tight lipped about it.

Other than to ask if anyone would like a separate story featuring her in a new post? With more of an emphasis on desperation/humiliation

{{18 hours ago, Infinity_Hold said:

I also wonder what Chloe wants from Karenna. I'd imagine she would want to experience her fantasy with the desperate customer, as she has helped Karenna with her public wetting one and therefore thinks Karenna owes her this.

}}

It would make sense that this would be part of it, sure. But Chloe also thinks she’s someone that only focuses on money. If there where a way to attack that as well…

*127*2022-01-01 07:45

A/N: It's almost New Year here, and I wanted to give you guys a little treat. I know updates have been scarce as of late, but with Christmas Parties and a brief bout with a stomach illness, I didn't have much time to write. I did today though, and here is the result. I hope it is a nice start to your new year! As always, feedback is not only encouraged but appreciated.

Chapter 5.4 Nia Learns the Price of Morale

It was an odd feeling, to wake up as a grown woman, and know that at some point in the day, pee would be running down your legs. Still, Mary-Ann awoke with this knowledge. It was even stranger, to think that she might have to teach such a practice today. It didn’t bother her as much as it probably would have just a few months ago. As she would have if it was just her, Mary-Ann picked out shorts that would show. A pair of khaki shorts that hugged her hips tightly. They went well with her red strapless shirt. It was comfortable at least.

Nia had beaten her to the kitchen again, and the smell of a freshly cooked omelet wafted through the room. As Mary-Ann took a seat, she could tell that there were three meals, and Nia passed her one as she sat down. One remained for Karenna, who was still asleep. Their conversation started casual, as Nia asked about her sleep and commented on the nice weather that they would have today. It then turned personal as Nia asked a pertinent question

“What did happen yesterday? I’ve seen Kar upset before, but never that worried.”

“A bad breakup.” Mary-Ann didn’t want to divulge anything personal without Karenna’s consent

“She broke up with Chloe?”

“So you know?”

“What- that the two broke up, or that Karenna likes girls?”

“Yeah…that she…you know.”

“Yeah. I know. I found out the same night her brother did. It wasn’t fun.”

“You and her?”

“No. Not like that, but she came to my house when.” Nia paused. She chewed her food “Never mind. I can’t. It was rough, that’s all I’ll say.”

“She’s been through a lot. Hasn’t she?”

Nia shifted in her seat. Then she changed the subject. “Speaking of going through a lot, I took your advice from yesterday. I ‘forgot’ to use the bathroom this morning. Could you maybe chew a little faster?” Nia nervously laughed as she asked

Mary-Ann took a large gulp of her water glass. She smiled at Nia as she wiggled in her seat.

“I have to pee too.”

Nia smiled back. It was a new arena for her, but a game she was willing to try.

Mary-Ann finished second, but she had hastened her pace. She could feel a slight pinch in her privates, just enough to know that she should use the restroom soon. As they exited the large house, they agreed to just walk today. There was great stress in a run that was as strenuous as the one they took yesterday, and to ask their bodies to take on that task again was provided little benefit for the risk. The two walked by the firepit, still with charred wood sticking upright, and past the small beach. As they entered the wooded area of the property, Mary-Ann noticed a large wooden platform just off the trail. It was too small to be a stage. She asked Nia what it was.

“It’s an elevated platform. We use it for camping out, because in the morning, you’ve got a great view of the lake.”

Mary-Ann’s face lit up “Oh! I haven’t been camping in forever! Maybe one night we could have a little campout?”

“We’ll see. I’ll ask Kar. I’d be up for it though.”

“Awesome. It might help her take her mind off things as well. Or at least mine.”

“Yours? Why are you worried?”

“Based on what Kar told me, Chloe might be going after me too.”

“You? What’d you do?”

“Nothing. But she might be trying to get Kar fired by posting something intimate that Karenna sent her. And tagging my company.”

“So delete the tag. That’s easy enough to do.”

“No. It isn’t. Sure I could delete the tag, but if enough people see it, it could cause enough of a PR nightmare that I don’t know if I could get out of.”

“I just don’t think it could be that bad, even if a few people talk.”

“Nia, I just leveraged the company, along with most of my other assets to buy an apartment building. If enough bad press gets out, or around my company and the value goes down…the bank could call the loan and...I’ll lose everything.”

“Oh. But from one little video?”

“Bad press is bad press.”

“Would you fire Karenna over it?”

“No. At least I don’t think so. She’s been awesome. A hard worker and prompt. Pretty much everything I could ask of her. Other than a sudden lack of production, I don’t think there’s much she could be fired over.”

Nia turned, her thighs were pressed together, it was almost time. “Do you two ever…play? In the office?”

“No. It’s probably the one thing that I’d actually fire her over. It’s a hard stop for me.”

“You’d fire her over it? I don’t honestly think Kar would ever do such a thing on purpose.”

Mary-Ann nodded “I know. It seems harsh. But I can’t have these two worlds cross, I know Karenna probably wouldn’t, but…”

“But what?”

“I shouldn’t. She trusted me when she told me.”

“It’s not like there’s a secret of hers I don’t know.”

Mary-Ann still wasn’t sure. But Nia had been Karenna’s friend for so long. She sighed, letting her worries out “Kar told me…she likes to do this in public. And I’m a little worried she might try and do it at the office. I feel like I have to be harsh with her when it comes to that, you know? To prevent it from happening.”

“Public? With other people?”

Mary-Ann didn’t say anything more. She let her silence answer the question. Nia asked another question

“Do you?”

“No. I did try it. Once. Almost got caught, and it’s just too risky. To be honest I don’t like doing it in front of strangers, or on things that I might ruin.”

Nia shrugged “I’m doing something I don’t really want to for her. Maybe you should too. Might be a nice treat for her. You know the kind of places her mind can go.”

Mary-Ann ignored Nia’s suggestion “Speaking of which, you ready?”

Nia turned around. They were about to walk up a small incline, it was nearly a hill. She crossed her legs, and with balled fists, showed her first true signs of desperation. She sighed

“Well. I have to piss. But I don’t think I really could…yet.”

Mary-Ann held her crotch. Legs already bent forward. “Alright. But hurry up, or I’m really going to start wetting on accident.”

Nia smiled and shook her head. She was really going to try this.

Karenna enjoyed her breakfast. She wished she had gotten up sooner. It was nice to sleep in, but she had been up late, her mind racked with worry and guilt. She knew what videos Chloe had in mind. She knew what she had said and done. The first few were more or less nudes. Some were quick clips of her hovering over the toilet. But not the last few. Those last few were more in depth, personal. One was a roleplay between her and Chloe, another was right after she discovered her love of wetting in public. If those got out. Karenna didn’t want to think about it. She knew the damage it could bring on Mary-Ann as well as herself. Chloe was right, when they first met. She was the worst decision of Karenna’s life.

As she had the day before, Karenna didn’t get up and pee right away. She held it while she took a shower, held it during breakfast, and held it now as she stood outside the front door. Her jeans would be the victims of her decision this morning, and Karenna wanted something else. Her situation with Chloe had created an itch. Something in her mind that she just couldn’t scratch. It drove her to be more daring, at least today. She walked back up the wooded driveway.

Mary-Ann had to stop herself. They were nearly at the same steep hill that they ran up yesterday. Today she was in worse shape, and the prospect of wetting herself loomed large. As she stood on the trail, her legs were bound up around each other, it was almost hard to tell which leg belonged to which side. She held herself as Nia turned to face her.

“I was thinking we’d keep walking straight down this path instead.” Nia pointed

“That’s, that’s fine with me, but…”

“Is it time?”

Mary-Ann nodded “At least for me it is.”

“I’ll try it too. I just don’t know if I can-“

“I’ll show you!” Mary-Ann interrupted out of desperation more than anything else.

She widened her stance, nearly losing the battle right then. Nia walked back to her and instinctively followed Mary-Ann’s body language. She changed her posture to match Mary-Ann, who began to give instruction

“So, what I did when I started out, was to clench and relax. You kind of alternate th..oh my…it…ahh!”

The shifting orders and fullness of her bladder were a shock to Mary-Ann system and she began spraying piss into her khaki shorts. It sprinkled and splattered as she tried to regain control. She wanted to fully let go with Nia. It stopped, but barely. There was now a wet patch that was large enough to touch both inseams of her shorts, turning them a dark shade of brown. Nia had a goofy smile on, anticipating Mary-Ann’s full release. Instead, the blonde looked at Nia and smiled

“Your turn. I’ll wait…for now.”

Nia took a deep breath and closed her eyes. She did what she had been instructed to do. She pushed. She relaxed. Nothing. She relaxed deeply. Nothing still. She followed it up with a push. Something. A rush towards her muff, it felt like an ocean rushing to the shore. But no wetness. She relaxed again. It was close, so close. She could do it. Then, maybe just a trickle. She could swear she felt a touch of dampness in her panties. Then came a loud splatter. She opened her eyes. Nothing, she was dry.

Nia looked to Mary-Ann. A dark patch was spreading down one of her legs. Surprisingly, it looked unwelcome. Mary-Ann’s face was scrunched and strained, yet droplets of pee were starting to rain down from her darkening shorts. She looked to Nia

“Please hurry, I can’t wait for you!”

Nia’s maternal and leadership instincts kicked in. She threw away her attempt and instead wanted to ease Mary-Ann’s discomfort. Nia slid off her black spandex and slightly bent her knees. In an instant, hot, clear urine shot out of her and smacked the dirt with a hard force. She explained to Mary-Ann

“Don’t suffer for me! Just go.”

Not thinking through her actions, Mary-Ann unbuttoned her soaking shorts and maneuvered into a full squat, her own clear pee spraying the dirt. She looked up at Nia, who was pissing a hard, fat stream of pee into the ground. Mary-Ann nearly had to shout over the sound of their streams wetting the trail

“If you want to just be pee buddies, that’s fine by me.”

“What on earth is…ahhh…a pee buddy.”

“On the farm, we’d have to make sure none of the guys, or an animal, were watching us. So we went outside with our pee buddies.”

Nia said nothing and moaned instead. She may not have shown as much desperation as Mary-Ann, but the basketball star had to pee. She spoke as her stream weakened a bit, laughing at the absurdity of it all and the good feeling from her own release.

“I’d love to be your pee buddy. I still want this for Kar though.”

Mary-Ann had mostly finished. Whatever was left pooled in her shorts as she stood and rebuttoned them. She smiled at Nia and patted her on the shoulder, the last of Nia’s pee stream splattered Mary-Ann’s ankles

“You’re closer today than you were yesterday. We’ll get there.”

Nia burst in laughter “Thanks coach!” She said sarcastically

Mary-Ann laughed at the nickname too, and when Nia was done, the two pee buddies continued their walk, one noticeably more soaked than the other.

Karenna could see the end of the driveway in sight. The large, ornate powered gate stood in her way. She wanted to be on the other side, for nothing else than the prospect of a stranger seeing her. She stopped, and put her hands instinctively in her pockets. A car passed by, too fast to see Karenna on the other side of the gate. Karenna sighed. No one was there to see the dark spot appearing on her warming jeans. No one could see it spread to the inseam of her legs. Only she could feel the denim weighing down with the force of her morning pee. Only she knew that she was doing it for pleasure. For comfort. And still, she wanted something more. What it was, she couldn’t define, but she knew it was on the other side of the proverbial fence.

Karenna looked down. The puddle was one of her favorite parts of the entire experience. One could hide the stained pants, pass it off as a spilled drink or as a wet seat that they might have sat down in. But not the expanding puddle beneath their feet. Karenna was still on an incline and the puddle didn’t stay put for long. It instead ran back down the drive way. Some streaks of urine were fatter than others, they carried more hot pee down the driveway. Others were skinny, and they made their way much more quickly down the path.

Karenna’s fingertips felt as though they were burning. As her hot piss had ran down her legs, they had felt it through her pockets. She took them out and wiped them down her hot, pee coated legs. The jean fabric glistened with the rest of her pee and more made its way out of the saturated fabric as she pressed it with her hands. She tried to stretch the fabric, but it smacked tightly back to her body. She looked back up at the road. Quiet. Empty. She had hoped, more than anything, that someone would have seen her. But it was just her, her sopping jeans, and the fence.

The house had started to come back into view. Nia and Mary-Ann had nearly finished their walk. Mary-Ann’s shorts had grown cold, but they were starting to dry now and the sensation was a strange one on her genitals and her leg. Happily, she asked Nia what had made her want to try their little game.

“I probably wouldn’t have, but when I saw Kar last night. She just looks like she’s in a rough place with all of this. I want her to know that I-we, support her. And I think this is a bigger statement than just a friendly hug and some words.” Nia spoke sincerely

“Well, actions speak louder than words.”

“If sports have taught me anything, its just that.” Nia paused as the two passed by the small beach “I just wish there was more to the game you two have going. Usually, if there’s a game, I want to win. But no one wins when you and Kar play.”

“We both do, actually. It’s just a celebration of our friendship. Something we can share.”

“Yeah, but that’s still not winning anything.”

Mary-Ann stuck her tongue out playfully, like she’d do if she was talking to Karenna. It was a shot in the dark, but maybe it’d help get Nia on board “Well why don’t you make one?”

Nia stuck her tongue out, equally as playful “Maybe I will!”

“Then hurry up and get out of the little leagues. Pee already!”

“Hey! I tried!” Nia sounded slightly offended as she started walking down to the docks

“And Kar and I are waiting for you to join us.” Mary-Ann said with a smile “You and her really aren’t all that different.”

Nia turned and shouted back “And you’re just like us.” She winked “Boss.” Nia turned back towards the boat and headed down towards it

Mary-Ann couldn’t help but smile. That was her thing, the little wink. She had learned it from her father, and Karenna must have picked up on it. Nia knew her nickname too. Mary-Ann felt touched.

She heard a noise and turned around. Karenna was walking down the driveway and had entered the circular end. She wasn’t too far from Mary-Ann, but hadn’t noticed her boss. Karenna looked dejected, sad. Mary-Ann saw her wet jeans and took a stab at cheering her best friend up

“Look everyone! Karenna’s peed her pants!”

Karenna looked up, she smiled, but contorted her body, pretending hide the obvious pee stain. She allowed herself to slip into a little fantasy

“Get them to stop laughing!” Karenna pouted her lips. But her eyes gave away her enjoyment “I couldn’t hold it and just had a little accident!”

“Little?”

“Okay big. Yours was a bit smaller.” Karenna pointed to Mary-Ann’s obviously peed shorts, as her boss walked towards her “I can’t believe Nia let you do that.”

Mary-Ann didn’t want to spoil the surprise that Nia had going for her friend she told a little lie “Well, she didn’t have an option. And neither did I.”

The two smiled at each other. Karenna relished the idea of Mary-Ann having an actual accident. Her boss spoke to her again

“Oh, and Nia said she’s taking us out on the boat today, so I’d get changed into your swimsuit. You know how to prepare for a boat ride, right?”

“Drink water?”

“I heard lime juice also works. But water, yes.”

“I’ll drink extra then, boss!”

“Save some for me!”

The two started walking towards the house.

“You had enough.”

Mary-Ann held the front door open for Karenna and smiled “There’s never enough for me, Kar.”

##############################################################

Despite the now filling bladder of both Karenna and Mary-Ann, Nia had packed extra beverages in the back of the boat. Part of her knew that she needed to fill up on them, part of her innocently wanted to make sure her friends stayed hydrated.

The engine started up nicely, though the old fuel from the boats winter hibernation smelled a little stale as it burned through the motor. Nia took a swig from her water bottle, and continued checking the boat to make sure that everything was working correctly. Mary-Ann hopped aboard while Nia went about her business.

“Really? Jeans?” Mary-Ann was surprised

“Just for now, if something goes wrong, I don’t want to be fishing around for it with that much skin exposed. Things on a boat can get sharp fast. That’s a cute suit.”

Mary-Ann thanked her, it was a white two piece that covered her enough, but also showed off her efforts at the gym. The bottom was wide enough to cover her most sensitive areas, but hardly covered her butt in the back. Her larger, C-Cup breasts rested comfortably in their top.

“Nia? Help a girl out?” It was Karenna, and with her smaller size, it was harder to get in the boat, or at least, that’s what mind told her

Nia motioned for Mary-Ann to help her friend and Karenna, who was sporting a red once piece, the same she had worn on her first trip to the beach with Mary-Ann. Once she was on the boat, Karenna found a spot at the bow, and Mary-Ann leaned against the safety railing on the portside. As the engine hummed, Nia finished her safety check. She then disrobed, reveling a banana yellow two-piece. Her athletic build was obvious, and she had well defined, but not overzealous muscles. Her tattoos had become obvious though, and Mary-Ann noticed them for the first time

“Any of those have meaning, or do they just look cool? And they do look cool by the way”

Nia smiled “They all mean something." She paused "We’re all women right?” She unhooked her top piece, exposing her breasts and the large chest tattoo more fully.

Her smaller boobs made it easy to see the detail on her chest, though the dark ink was not as pronounced against her dark, swarthy skin. She pointed to the large eagle wings

“I had this one done for my mom and dad. He was in the Marines, and she was a police woman, so the Latin on the inside of the eagle is a combination of the police and Marine oaths, and they meet in the middle. Mom and dad made me, so…”

“I get it.” Mary-Ann didn’t need it spelled out

Nia pointed just above her left breast, above her heart “And this is our first championship year. It’s also the year Drew and I got married. And this one” She pointed just above her belly button “This one says ‘those who want peace, must prepare for war. But the guy screwed up the cursive and it just looks like a mess.”

“Like a warzone!” Karenna made a joke

The group burst into laughter and Nia put her top back on. They were ready for a nice boat ride.

#######################################################################

Karenna wasn’t expecting the ride to take this long. It was supposed to be a nice ride to some sort of bar. Instead, Nia was slowly taking them around the shoreline. They saw houses, uninhabited islands and the general beauty of the wide river but it was slow going through it. She was warm from the sun. At least the growing discomfort in her bladder was offset by the pain in her neck from straining to see the different sights. She shouted over the engine to Nia

“When are we getting to that bar? I need to use their bathroom.”

“Don’t pee in her boat Kar!” Mary-Ann was making sure Karenna kept her good sense about her

“I’m not trying to! I just might not have an option soon.”

“I hate to break it to you Kar, but it’s not a bar like a drinking bar. It’s a sand bar.”

“So they serve island drinks?” Mary-Ann wasn’t sure either

“No.” Nia laughed “It’s hard to explain, you’ll see it when we get there.”

“Can you at least go faster then?”

“Sorry Kar, it’s a no wake zone. This is as fast as we go.”

“Fine. But if I actually pee my suit here, it’s not my fault.”

Karenna became more open with her holding, grabbing herself while still stretched out on the bow of the boat. It wasn’t that she was actually so desperate that she needed to clutch herself, but the show of desperation was just what she needed. It was like her own little fantasy. She couldn’t get hurt here, both Mary-Ann and Nia knew that she liked to wet herself. She let herself slip into a little fantasy. One where she didn’t like to wet herself, and instead, was trying to hold it in front of her friends. It was hard to do much else other than physically hold herself. With the rocking and gyrating of the boat, Karenna couldn’t stand and dance the way she wanted to. Instead, she stayed in her spot, hand over her crotch.

Karenna’s need had become a serious problem by the time the group could see the town. From her perch, Karenna could just make out the tops of buildings. It was a small town, right on the edge of the river. She turned back to Nia

“Can we go faster now? I need to pee, like, I’m not kidding.”

“You can pee in two seconds, just let me drop the anchor.”

“We’re in the middle of nowhere!”

“And right at the sand bar.” Nia cut the motor and dropped the anchor

Mary-Ann got out first, taking a leap of faith based only on Nia’s word

“Woah! Kar, you’ve got to try this! I’m standing.”

She was, with her above average height, the water was just reaching past her kneecaps and thighs. Feeling playful, she kicked and splashed the water around her with her feet, turning from the boat. Karenna looked down. She shouldn’t have, but she started staring at Mary-Ann’s butt. It was perfect. And she was wearing the right outfit for it. It was the closest Karenna would ever get to seeing Mary-Ann in a thong or even naked. And she’d take that opportunity.

“Hey Mary-Ann, I think Kar likes your ass.”

“Nia!”

Mary-Ann turned back around. Her eyes were hidden behind sunglasses, but Karenna knew her boss was probably unhappy with her

“Well, stop ogling your boss!”

“You didn’t have to call me out!”

“But I did.”

Karenna felt annoyed. She knew she shouldn’t have been looking, but Mary-Ann knew how she felt. Her eyes showed her emotions

“Look, I’m sorry if that was too harsh Kar, but…here.”

Nia hopped out, the cold water touching her legs for the first time that day. She gave Karenna a hand and helped her into the water

Karenna stood, her bladder contracting. It sent waves through her body as she bent forward. The cold water caused her to leak as it shocked her system. As she waded to where Mary-Ann was standing, the water receded. It only came up to her thighs now. Mary-Ann, given her height, had even more room. Nia, the tallest of the three, made the water look like a kitty pool, the water unable to reach past her knee caps. Karenna wanted to let go now, but she could also pee dance for a little. She decided to hold it instead. Opting to clutch and pull at her suit. Nia smiled at her, a surprise for Karenna, who still believed Nia to be adverse to the entire game that she played with herself and Mary-Ann. She couldn’t really tell what Nia was thinking though, her friend was wearing sunglasses too. Nia struck up a conversation with Mary-Ann, who was still amazed by the sand bar

“So, I was speaking to Drew just before you guys got here. He’s a little worried about the market, does that effect you guys in real estate or..?”

“Yes and no.” Mary-Ann took up the conversation “Real estate will always effect the stock market, but the stock market won’t always effect real estate…”

As she continued her explanation, Karenna noticed the crotch of her boss’s swimsuit start to distend. Karenna had seen this before. Was Mary-Ann? Slowly, a dark spot appeared over Mary-Ann’s crotch. It confirmed what Karenna had sworn she saw. Her boss was peeing in her swimsuit. Two rivulets spilled out of her filling bottoms and ran down Mary-Ann’s thigh.

Nia heard it. She hadn’t noticed anything from Mary-Ann that would have indicated that she needed to pee, but Nia couldn’t help but look down. It sounded like Mary-Ann was using the toilet, with a strong stream breaking through her suit and splashing into the water, not far below her. The river water reacted by bubbling around the new stream of liquid. Mary-Ann said nothing, nor did she react. Nia decided to follow her lead, and tried to relax. She still felt a little bad for calling out Karenna, this would be a nice little surprise for her. She tried to do it. She felt the same rush. The same call to her genitals to let her pee pass though. Nothing. Blocked again. She tried again. Mary-Ann interrupted her

“Did that make sense Nia?”

“Um, yeah. I think I get it.”

“Make her recite it back to you!” Karenna called from her side

“You know I hated tests Kar!”

“And I’m not helping you out this time!”

“Guess I’ll just have to steal all your knowledge inside your head!”

Nia jokingly waded towards Karenna. She was quick, and her smaller friend was rapidly wrapped in a bear hug. Nia’s long arms held her tight. Karenna was laughing, over her annoyance for Nia calling her out. She did have one surprise for her best friend though.

Nia’s leg suddenly felt warm. An aerated hiss quickly followed. She pulled Karenna away from her, and saw that Karenna was peeing, and had warmed the water around her.

“Aw man, Kar! I’m standing in it!”

Karenna looked at her with her hangdog eyes “You scared me.” She said timidly.

“Pee over there then.” Nia splashed the water around her

“Don’t splash me while I’m peeing!” Karenna splashed back

“Ugh! That’s got your pee in it!” Nia splashed back again

“Hey, where’d Mary-Ann go?” Karenna looked over to where her boss had been standing

“Wasn’t she-“

Suddenly the water behind the two friends came flying at them, getting them both wet. Mary-Ann breached her body out of the water as she stood back on the sand bar.

“Did I win the splash war?” She said spiritedly

“You got me…” Nia removed her sunglasses and rubbed her eye

“The water kind of got warm- who did it?” Mary-Ann asked

“Nia scared me boss! She made me pee!” Karenna finished wetting her swimsuit

“I’d laugh, but everyone pees their swimsuit Kar, so you know, it’s almost normal.”

“Everyone but Nia.”

“Stop trying to make your friend pee herself!”

“You stop” Karenna splashed at Mary-Ann and lightheartedly stuck her tongue out

“No you” Mary-Ann got her back

“I hate to stop this arms race, but I did bring some drinks if you two want any.” Nia interrupted

Both Karenna and Mary-Ann accepted. Mary-Ann had a beer for the first time since college, and Karenna filled up on water again. She hated the taste of beer. Nia still had to go, and she was more than willing to accept more liquid. She wanted to join in, more than anything. She had seen how happy it made Karenna. How casually Mary-Ann had been. They were both great people in her eyes, and Nia was holding a little back. She had to be selfless. She needed to get over herself. It began to look like a challenge, and no challenge ever survived an encounter with Nia Armstrong.

Time had passed, but none of the women knew how much. Nia had to go now. More than she had anticipated. Part of her didn’t want to go in her swimsuit. That’d be too easy. She had seen Karenna and Mary-Ann go in all sorts of clothes, and she was not going to make her first wetting a simple swimsuit one. It felt like a cop out. Like it wasn’t on the same level as her friends had done. She had jeans in the boat though. She should wait until they got back ashore.

When the trio had decided to head back, Nia felt like her bladder was the size of a bowling ball. It clearly showed, and yet she gave no sign of desperation. She had felt this before. At ball games, functions, all sorts of public events where she couldn’t go to the bathroom. She had made it every time. It struck her, as she started the boat, that this was why she couldn’t do it. Her body had been trained, over the course of her athletic path, to hold it. To not need a bathroom until it could find one. That wetting her pants would have been a defeat. As they headed back to the house, it would be up to her to change her mindset. She’d have to start seeing it as a victory. Nia pressed her hands against her skin, just above her genitals.

They were tender, a sign that she usually heeded. Instead, she took her building desperation as a road to get to where she wanted. She imagined herself, proudly wetting in front of her friends. To be part of that club. This is how she’d do it. It was gentle, but Nia felt something. With help from her minds eye, she had leaked ever so slightly. It was a first for her. A sign that she could indeed overcome herself. But it didn’t show. She didn’t want it to either.

As they approached the dock, Nia couldn’t help but admit to herself that she liked the feeling of holding it. She had trained herself to not show the same kind of dances that Karenna had displayed, but that didn’t dampen the strain in her now hard bladder. She could do it this time, she knew it. It was all in her mindset, and she had adjusted that.

Docking the boat was much harder with a full bladder. At least the anchor was on a winch. It could easily be adjusted. She had Mary-Ann to help with the ropes, but Nia still started to tap her foot. It was subtle, but she did have to go. Helping Karenna back onto the dock, Nia asked a simple question. But for her, it was a plea for success.

“You two up for a quick stroll?”

Mary-Ann had taken off her sunglasses. She was still in the boat, next to Nia. She looked over to the taller black woman and winked. Nia winked back, as she put her denim jeans back on. Karenna didn’t see the indirect communication.

“Mary-Ann?” Karenna asked while stretching. She had put a pair a grey sweatpants on over her suit

“I think it’d be good to get our land legs back.” Mary-Ann had thrown on a pair of grey leggings

With that, Nia had all she needed to achieve her goal.

It still wasn’t easy. She pushed and relaxed while they walked past the beach, but still nothing came out. She had to go. She had to go real bad. But still. Nothing. She tried pushing harder as they walked. She held it. Held it against her will. They walked the same wooded path that she and Mary-Ann had that morning. The same feelings came back. Frustrated she said aloud

“Damn it! How hard can this be?”

Karenna understood what her friend was trying to do. She had been leading the trio of walkers. If she could distract Nia, maybe she could get it to work. Karenna got an idea

“You might not be a wetter. But I do know what you are.”

Nia looked at her confused, as did Mary-Ann. Nia’s bulging bladder stayed locked.

“What?”

“You’re still ticklish.”

“Wait-no, Kar.”

Karenna’s turned and rushed towards her friend, Nia backed up the trail, her back hitting a tree. Karenna made contact, and forced a continuous laugh from her friend

“S-stop it! You’re gonna make me! Stop! I’m gonna”

“No way! This is too much fun!”

“Kar! Please!”

Karenna’s fingers ran over Nia’s locked bladder. Karenna gripped the swollen organ with her hand

“Are you ticklish here?”

Nia bent down, half crouched “Oh my God! Kar! Please! I’m going to p-sto-Oh my God! It’s happening!”

Karenna stopped and backed away a little. Nia was still laughing, hand over her crotch

“I’m pe-its happen…Ack!” Nia lifted her hand

A wide patch had been created on her jeans. It turned the dark denim nearly black. More than just a little spot over her crotch, Nia’s patch ran up the front of her jeans, from where her hand had been.

“I can’t believe…I’m peeing my…”

Two pronged streaks ran down the back of Nia’s legs. They were slow. But the crotch of Nia’s jeans still glistened, telling the story of what her bathing suit bottoms were going through underneath.

Mary-Ann proudly watched the event unfold. She looked to Karenna, who had unlocked her friends bladder. Karenna’s sweatpants were darkening too, a streak of pee ran down her leg, and Mary-Ann was surprised Karenna hadn’t made a comment on it. Mary-Ann spoke up

“Hey, uh, Kar? You’re going too.”

“What? I am?” Karenna felt her crotch and looked at her leg “Hey look, Nia, I’m doing it too!”

“Uh…yeah…cool.”

Nia didn’t look all that enthusiastic, the two fat streaks of pee down her legs had stopped at her kneecaps, her bladder was locking again. Mary-Ann remembered her words from this morning If there’s a game I want to win it. Mary-Ann knew what to say

“You’re not going to let Kar finish before you, are you Nia?”

“Hell no! She can’t beat me!”

A hiss erupted from Nia’s body. It was louder than either Mary-Ann or Karenna had ever heard. The fat, dark streaks that had moved at a snail’s pace hastened. The crotch of her jeans, which had just glistened before now suddenly poured. It was as if someone had stuck a showerhead down Nia’s jeans. A gusher of hot urine sprayed out of her crotch, as though it had just been pooling around her butt before.

“Hey look, Nia’s got her first puddle.” Karenna pointed to the dark dirt at Nia’s feet.

“Ugh...my flip flops.” Nia had started to pant from the strain. She spoke again over labored breaths “I can’t believe I…” She paused “Pissed myself…I did it…pissed myself” She repeated the phrase a few times and looked at Mary-Ann as she finished

Mary-Ann just smiled at her. Nia tried to smile, but what she had just done was still settling in. Karenna was taking her wetting slowly, releasing gentle spurts as she pleased. Nia stood back up straight, and turned around. From halfway around her butt to the cuffs of her jeans, they were blemished a different color. Not one part of her jeans were the right color, if they stood in the way of her pee stain. Karenna spoke again

“Looks good on you. I like it!”

Nia shook her head and turned back around. Palms out she patted down her crotch, unsure of what to make of her warm stain.

Karenna started to walk back towards the house, pee occasionally spurting out as she continued to clench and release. It was a new sensation for her. Something different. Nia fell back to talk with Mary-Ann

“You didn’t have to go too?”

“I went on the sand bar, you know that.”

“Yeah but you had two beers and like three waters.”

Mary-Ann shrugged “It’s your time now though. What’d you think?”

Nia stopped she itched at her pant leg. Then she rubbed it. “I don’t know. It was warm. Almost hot. Now its cold. Really uncomfortable.”

As Nia tried to peel her wet jeans off, they clung to her legs. She kicked off her flip flops. Bare feet touching the dirt path. It was still hard to get the saturated fabric off. But she managed to get it off eventually. Her yellow bikini bottoms were dark. Nearly every space on the front of them was covered in piss.

“Ugh…these are still wet. Do you mind?”

Mary-Ann shrugged. Nia slipped off her soaked bottoms, exposing her hairy muff to the fresh air. She rubbed her pubic hair. It was just as wet.

“I’m sorry you didn’t really like it.”

“Who said I didn’t like it?” The pair started to walk, Karenna had already made it back to the house. Nia’s bubble butt jiggled and bounced with every step. “Honestly, I hate this part, and the fact that it got heavy and cold all of a sudden, but..”

“But?”

“I did like waiting beforehand. It was like riding a roller coaster. And watching my jeans change color was fun too. I just, I don’t know. Wish there was more.”

“Like a game?”

“Yeah!”

“Why don’t you come up with one then? I was serious this morning.”

“Just one?”

They had made it back to the drive way. The house was not more than 100 or so yards away Mary-Ann smiled. Nia smiled back and continued

“I know before you said we can be pee buddies, but can we be regular buddies too?”

“I thought we were! But I guess you don’t have my number, do you?”

“No. But…I don’t know. Thanks I guess. I’ve got my mind working on a few games we could all play tomorrow and I’m already excited for it. Just kind of wish you joined us for my first one.”

“Now you sound like Karenna. But I can’t control when I have to go. Sometimes, like at the office for instance…”

Nia noticed Mary-Ann’s grey leggings slowly developing a dark patch. Mary-Ann was still talking, apparently unaware of the splattering pavement below her

“…and I’ll not need to go all day, but as soon as I get into a meeting that I can’t get out of, I’ll need to go.” Mary-Ann sighed “I don’t know, it’s just funny that way. Sometimes.”

The streaks got faster and the splattering became a puddle. Mary-Ann had to know what was going on. Nia pointed “As your buddy, or your pee buddy, I don’t know which, I think I have a duty to tell you that you’re in the middle of pissing yourself.”

Mary-Ann looked down. She had a warmth about her face “Oh. I guess I did need to go.”

“You’re either a great liar, or you’ve got an issue with your…you know.”

“I’m not a liar! I’m just a good story teller. And you know, even if we’re bosses or basketball stars, we all have to pee. Just sometimes, we don’t quite make it.” She smiled “Welcome to the club Nia.”

Her mind already alive with ideas, Nia was happy to be a new member, and excited for what tomorrow would bring.

A/N: What did you think of Nia joining at the end? Was it worth the wait? What kind of games do you think she'll have in mind? I have a few that the girls will play, but if you have any unique ideas, go ahead and let me know. This is your chance to affect the story!

