Astrid Hofferson's desperate journey

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-06-15 17:34

Another story about Astrid!

The sun was rising in Berk. Astrid woke up, with very full bladder. She had a dream, where she was very desperated. Astrid quickly put on her aqua shirt, spiky-skirt, white panties and boots. She was heading to toilet, holding her crotch tightly when someone knocked on the door. Astrid decided that she can hold it, so she opened the door. It was Hiccup.

- Hi Astrid. - He said.

- Hi, what makes you come to me so early? - She asked him.

- Oh, just to talk about few things. Can I come in? - Said Hiccup.

- Yeah, of course! - Said Astrid, and let HIccup enter. They sat on bed, Astrid with tightly crossed legs.

- So, we're going to get back to that cave on the island with Snotlout, Ruffnut, Tuffnut and Fishlegs. - Said Hiccup.

- Which island? - Astrid asked.

- The one where you know, you peed yourself. - Said Hiccup. Astrid instanly blushed and put her hand into panties to hold her crotch more tightly. Hiccup noticed that.

- Uh, you haven't gone to toilet yet? - He asked her.

- I meant to go when you knocked on the door. - She said.

- Oh, maybe you'll go now? - Said Hiccup.

- Yeah, I'll go... - She said and tried to stand up. She instantly leaked few droplets. - I'll not make it! - She screamed.

- Wait, I'll get some bucket! Hold it! - Said Hiccup and quickly got some bucked which was nearby, and placed it next to Astrid, who was only in her panties now.

- Quickly, get my panties off! If I stop holding my crotch I'll pee myself! - She said loudly. Hiccup quickly done what Astrid wanted. She quickly squatted above bucket with spreaden legs and began peeing. Hiccup was watching her with one eye, predenting that he is not watching her.

- You helped me, you can watch me. You saw me wetting myself already. - Said Astrid. After 1 minute she finished peeing.

- Thank you. - She said, and hugged Hiccup still without panties. - Oh, I forgot - Said Astrid and put on her panties and skirt.

- You know, that was cool - Said Hiccup. - Seeing you peeing kinda turns me on - He said.

- Maybe I'll hold it for the whole journey? - She suggested. - It also turns me on. - She said with cute smile.

- Okay, if you want to you can do it - Said Hiccup.

To be continued... (There'll be 1 more part of this story)

*005*2019-06-16 19:01

{{6 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

When was the first one about her wetting herself?

}}

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/50340-astrid-hoffersons-desperation

And here is part 2 of the story!

When Hiccup went out to wake up Snotlout, Ruffnut, Tuffnut and Fishlegs Astrid began to pack the most important things. She packed few bottles of water, food enought for 2 days and her battle axe. After that she went with her backpack to her dragon - Stormfly.

"Are you ready for another journey?" she said to her dragon. Stormfly began to jump happily. Astrid sat on her dragon and flew to place where they were supposed to meet. While waiting she drank 1 bottle of water. Finally after 20 minutes Hiccup and the rest got there.

"Okay, you all will be flying behind me and Astrid. We know the way already. After we land we'll eat something and go to that cave" Said Hiccup to team. He gsat on Toothless and began to fly. Astrid quickly got next to him. The rest of team was flying behind them creating triangle fly structure. Hiccup was wondering if Astrid manages to hold it. She said she would hold it all the journey until coming back home. Astrid also was wondering if she manages to hold it this time. If this time she doesn't manage to do it then not only Hiccup would see her wetting herself... When finally they reached The Island of Nothingless (Name which Fishlegs gave it after hearing Hiccup's story) they began to eat. Astrid drank 2 bottles of water during the meal. After that they went to cave by foot. When they entered the cave Tuffnut tried to scare his sister. He went behind her when she wasn't looking and imitated roar (Ruffnut wasn't too smart, so she thought it's real dragon) and caught her leg.

"Aaaaa! Dragon!" Screamed Ruffnut. "Oh it's only you. Idiot!" She said after seeing her brother holding her leg.

"You seriously thought it was real dragon? You seriously aren't smart. Nothing happened!" Said Tuffnut.

"I leaked because of you! My panties are now soaked!" Tuffnut yelled at her brother.

"Ooo someone is leaky girl!" Teased her brother.

"Stop it, we are here to see the dragon and add it to our dragon book!" Said Hiccup ending the argument. Because of Ruffnut's leaking she was now walking weirdly. They were really near dragon's chamber now.

"Okay, we must walk slowly. If dragon tries to attack us we run to the exit." Said Hiccup silently. Team sneaked to the draong's chamber and... There was no dragon. No dragon's eggs. Not even nest.

"Where's the dragon?" Astrid asked Hiccup.

"I don't know... There is no sign that it was there... Throw something at many places, it might be invisible..." Answered Hiccup. After throwing some rocks everywhere they were sure that there was no dragon.

"Maybe it's in other place in cave? Some dragons like to change their nests sometimes" Suggested Fishlegs. And they searched the whole cave. No dragons were found. They went out of cave and they found giantic footsteps of dragon, heading to the edge of island.

"It had to fly to another island!" Said Hiccup.

"I'll go to pick up our dragons, wait there!" said Snotlout. After few minutes he got back with dragons.

"Okay, I don't know how long we'll be flying to the other island so if anyone has to pee, do it now." Said Hiccup. Everyone went into woods. Even Astrid, but she was there only so no one will make jokes that she'll soon pee herself. Suddently Astrid heard something move in the bushes. She quickly got her axe and sneaked to it. She passed throught the bushes and saw Ruffnut peeing. By seeing her peeing, Astrid started to feel small urge to pee.

"Hey, get out of there! I'm peeing!" Said Ruffnut. "By the way, are you done yet or are you searching for place to pee?" she added, hiding her crotch with her hands.

"Oh, I finished already. Sorry for interrupting" Said Astrid and quickly went back to her dragon. She saw that Stormfly was peeing. Astrid tried to ignore hissing sound. It was making her urge grow. After a couple of minutes all the team was back.

"Okay, so we are now flying that way!" Said Hiccup and pointed where footsteps were going. All of them sat on their dragons and started flying into that way. Astrid was again flying next to Hiccup.

"Have you gone peeing?" He asked her.

"No, as I said I won't go until we get to Berk." Replied Astrid. She had small urge to pee now. After 30 minutes they found really small island. It had only small flat mountain. It had maybe 40x40 meters. There were only 10 rocks all looking the same.

"Let's land!" Commanded Hiccup. They all landed and put off their backpacks. They decided to eat something. Astrid drank another 2 bottles of water. They were about to leave but suddently one of the rock started rolling.

"Wait a minute, it's not a rock... It's egg! Dragon egg!" Said Fishlegs.

"We have to get out of there..." Said Hiccup. They all got on their dragons and flew above clouds. "We'll see the dragon when it comes back" He said. After 20 minutes the dragon arrived. It was giantic and blue.

"Remember, it can throw lava or fire!" Said Astrid. Fishlegs quickly began to draw it. They tried to come near it. When it noticed them it started to become red hot. And then it threw electrical sphere from it's mounth. The team quickly flew again.

"Okay, so that why the stone was red inside cave..." Said Astrid.

"Yeah, it's pretty powerful... We better do something about it. If there will be more of them, they can be very dangerous in enemy's hands. Now we'll get back to previous island." Said Hiccup.

"Oh, again?" Said Snotlout.

"Our dragons must rest." Said Hiccup. They reached the previous island. They were resting for 30 minutes. Astrid was now crossing her legs. She was really desperated. Astrid's urge was always getting bigger really fast by seeing sea for long time.

"Maybe I'll lead us this time?" Said Snotlout.

"Okay, if you want to" Said Hiccup. They all got on their dragons. Having spreaded legs was making Astrid not sure if she can hold it. After 30 minutes there was no sign of Berk.

"Hey, why there is no Berk?" Astrid asked Hiccup.

"He picked wrong way... I haven't noticed." Said Hiccup. Astrid just hoped that she can hold it until getting to Berk. When they reached the island again she had to hold her crotch tightly. She was moving her butt from left to right to not leak. They were now flying to Berk, now again Astrid and Hiccup leading.

"Ohh I don't think I can hold it anymore!" Moaned Astrid. She leaked.

"You can hold it." Said Hiccup.

"I leaked already..." Said Astrid. She was now holding her crotch with both of her hands. After 3 minutes she leaked again. Her panties were now completly soaked, as well as her butt. Stormfly's flying wasn't straight. It was going up and down. It made Astrid leak every few seconds now.

"H-hiccup" Astrid said.

"Yes?" He asked.

"I can't hold it anymore..." And with these words Astrid started peeing herself. She tried to stop it, but she couldn't. She felt streams of pee going down her legs. Her whole legs, butt were now wet, as well as skirt. She felt only hot pee coming from her crotch... She was moaning all the time while she was peeing herself. It was her second orgasm caused by wetting herself. She haven't let out all of her pee.

"Oopsie..." She said red faced.

"Things happen" Said Hiccup. "You look very beautiful with wet clotches and legs" He added. After a while they reached Berk. They sat off the dragons, and everyone noticed that Astrid has wet herself.

"Hahahaa... Y-y-ou w-wet y-you-rself!" Was laughting Ruffnut. But she had to pee very, very bad. Her bladder was very weak. Because of that non stop laughting she started peeing herself. "No no no no... I can't pee myself..." She started screaming, putting her both hands into her panties but there was no use. She couldn't stop peeing. Her whole face was now red. Her pants were now soaked, and small puddle was under her.

"Well, so I'm not the only wetter here" Said Astrid and started to laught. Her bladder was weakened by wetting herself, and she started peeing. Really small puddle was now under her.

"Okay, I'll go home and change my clotches." Said Ruffnut.

"Yeah, me too" Said Astrid. They all went to their homes.

*008*2019-06-16 20:21

{{33 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I can't help but wonder whether Ruffnut peed herself in the third film after Grimmel let her go (she asked where the bathroom was before taking off), or stopped for a bathroom break along the way, or held it the entire time.

}}

I think she peed herself during flight. There haven't been any islands between Berk and that new place. It was also long distance.

*011*2019-06-22 01:56

{{18 hours ago, hopevansicko said:

Will there be another? Please say yes

}}

I might do another one, I really like Astrid.

*013*2019-07-11 16:32

{{14 hours ago, hopevansicko said:

Please make another one there is really no other How to Train Your Dragon omorashi fanfiction

}}

I'll create one soon! :)

*015*2019-07-22 23:28

{{On 7/20/2019 at 10:52 PM, hopevansicko said:

Are you working on it?

}}

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/51688-astrid-hoffersons-wet-training/?do=embed"

