George's discovery

Author: Khann00

*000*2023-07-27 10:01

George is a common teenager, he turned 18 recently. He’s not the most handsome guy you’d see in your life, but he’s still handsome, he has dark brown hair and light brown eyes, he’s not so tall (he’s just 5’7), he’s not muscular or athletic and he’s definitely not rich, so he’s working half time as a babysitter.

George’s phone started ringing in the middle of his game, and he had no choice but to answer the call. “Hello?” Answered the boy, “Hello, is there George Davis? The babysitter from the Instagram announcement” Said a lady’s voice “Yes, it’s me. How may I help you?” “I have a son, and I’m interested in your services.” “Alright, I only work after 3 p.m., after my classes end, and on weekends. I’m able to change diapers, give baths, and put people to bed. I also know how to cook.” Said George. “Sounds good, what’s the hourly rate?” “30 dollars per hour until 9 p.m., after that, the value increases by 5 dollars”. The phone got silent a bit before the lady talked again: “I’m able to pay 80 dollars per hour for all the weekend, do we have a deal?” “Of course, ma’am. Just curious, how old is your son?” My Sean turned 18 years old last month.”

It would be strange, George thought, he’s my age and still needs a babysitter, probably he has some deficiency.

Friday finally came, and as he had dealt with the lady, he came to her house after his classes. In his bag were a couple of clothes for the weekend and his phone charger. The house was considerably big and in a rich neighborhood. The brunette rings the bell, and the door is opened by a mid-aged woman, who sympathetically guides him to put his bike in her garage. He entered the house by the front door; there’s the entrance hall, there are four possible ways from there, the stairs and the small corridor to the kitchen in the front, to the left is the living room and to the right is a small library. 

“Let me show you your room,” said the lady, guiding him to the second floor. The room on the left (the only one on this side) was the lady’s room (which would still be locked all weekend), to the right there’s a corridor with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, at the end of this corridor was another room, Sean’s room. She guided George until the last door and pointed to the door on their right, saying, “This will be your room, honey.” “Thanks, maam,” Started George. “Before I meet Sean, is there something I should know to stay with him this weekend?” The brunette thought he must know why an eighteen-year-old would need a babysitter. “Sean is allergic to peanuts, and he’s scared of the dark.” The lady stopped before say, cautiously “He also have a... Problem... He’ll have... Accidents... If you don’t send him to the bathroom, if you could ask if he wants to use the bathroom every hour, more or less, it’d be good. And at night, make sure he’s wearing a pull-up, please.” The lady looked ashamed, and George couldn’t say anything but “I’ll do it, don’t worry”.

She opened the door, and George saw Sean for the first time. He’s more or less George’s height, with bed-messed blonde hair, big puppy-green eyes, and a very skinny body. His room looked like any teenager’s room, with some TV series and band posters and some clothes on the floor. The only thing different were the three pull-up packages nearby the bedside table. The blonde boy got up to greet the babysitter, he was wearing a white t-shirt and basketball shorts. 

The front of the shorts had a large wet spot, and George couldn’t take his eye out of it. It was, at the same time, strangely cute and hot. “This is Sean, my son,” said the lady. She turned to her son and said, “Sean, this is George; he’ll be your babysitter this weekend.” “Mom!” Sean looked shocked. “I told you I don’t need a babysitter anymore!” Sean’s voice had a soft tone. “As long as you can’t stay one day without wetting yourself as a toddler, I’ll bring babysitters to watch you, little boy.” Her voice was hard but controlled “Now go change these wet shorts and come to greet your babysitter”.

Sean came back to the room quickly, this time wearing jeans shorts. He came directly to George to greet him, saying, “Nice to meet you.” And hugged the Brunette, who said, “Nice to meet you too, I hope we can get along this weekend.”

The lady let them alone a few minutes later. Sean stayed in his room, and George sat on the couch in the living room, watching his phone. He was scrolling through Instagram, but his mind was still in the wet pants of Sean. About one hour later, George could hear Sean coming down on tiptoes, but when he bumped into George on the couch, the blonde, feeling embarrassed, said “Hey... You’re here”. The brunette looked at him and noticed he was wearing the red wet pants again, but said nothing about it. “Yeah, I’m here, is there something I can do to help you?”

“No, just... I’ll play my videogame here, I hope you don’t mind”. George didn’t say anything, he just agreed with his head and came back to his phone. A few minutes later, George saw himself interested in Sean’s game and saying things to help the blonde, who said “Do you wanna play with me?”, George speedily agreed. They’re playing for a while when George hears a drip sound, He pauses the game and looks to Sean to ask if he’s hearing this sound, but sees that the sound’s source is Sean.

“Sean... Did you pee your pants?” Asked an astonished George, “Yes.” He simply said, “Why?”

“Why not? Like there’s just us two, mom is not here to scream at me for being a fucking bastard that couldn’t hold himself, so I just let it flow.” Sean said calmly

“So are you telling me you did it on purpose?” Asked the babysitter

“I always did it on purpose, or do you think I really had a bladder problem? It’s what mommy says to herself to convince herself that the problem is not her fault.” Sean saw George’s eyes fixedly on his soaked pants. “Why don’t you try it too, George? I thought you’d like it.”

George had two choices: pee his pants as suggested by Sean and discover if it’s pleasurable, or deny it and never know if it would be good for him. He chose the first opinion, he closed his eyes and tried to force his pee out, but nothing came out. “Try to do it standing, it’s easy for the first time.” Said Sean, “For me, it’s easy to do it ‘cause I’m used to doing it.”

@@The brunette got up and tried again, he started forcing the pee out, and when the stream started to flow, he relaxed his bladder muscles and let it all flow out. He felt his underwear getting wet and his legs too, he felt his foot getting wet too. He opened his eyes when he heard the sound of a phone picturing. “Sean!” he was a bit angry. “Did you picture me?” “Yes, to you see how hot you look in these wet pants.” Said the blonde showing the picture to George, George’s jeans shorts show their right side soaked, and the puddle under George’s foot, he looked at it and felt himself a bit proud of how wet he was. “Now, sit down and let’s play a bit more,” Said Sean. The brunette just could look for his pee dripping into the puddle under Sean. “Sean, where can I get some cloth to clean it? At least what is on the floor.” The blonde got up, saying, “Do you know why there’s no carpet in the house and the couch is made of leather? I!” He sounded very proud of it: “So there’s no problem, we don’t wipe the floor.” Anyway, he guided George to a cabinet on the stairwell’s side full of cleaning products.

After drying out all the wetness, George sat down to play again. At this moment, Sean asked, “What do you think about this experience?” “I... Well, it is good,” said the babysitter. “How did you feel? What do you notice? Everything, it’s not always I can talk with someone who pees their pants and like it,” George laughed discreetly with the boy’s enthusiasm. “Well... I really liked it, it was good; it’s a different pleasure, and what I noticed and liked a lot is the hotness in my underwear and legs,” he said sincerely. George might like to pee his pants, or was it just because he was curious about how it works? Whatever, he is enjoying his wet pants a bit. They unpaused the game and returned to it.

George noticed the sunset and decided to pause the game, his shorts are almost dry, but Sean’s shorts are still wet as if he had peed right at this moment. The brunette regretted his choice after sniffing the pee smell on him. “Sean,” he said, making the blonde look at him, “how do I hide these wet clothes until I can wash them without anyone noticing the smell?” “Mom gave me a chore list to do, and one of the topics was washing my dirty clothes. If you change yourself now, I can wash it, and in the morning it will be dry to wear again,” said the blonde getting up, George noticed that the blonde’s bum was full wet, which made the babysitter want to slap his wet ass just to feel the wetness on his hands. Anyway, the brunette followed the boy to the guest room where he’s staying to change his clothes. He put on the sweatpants he’s using as pajamas and no underwear, he wouldn’t need them.

@@When George got out of the room, holding his wet boxers and jeans, he saw Sean waiting at the door of his room. “I just need to get the dirty clothes, you’re welcome in my room.” The old one entered the room, sitting in the couple’s bed of the blonde, the room had a strong pee smell. Sean started to pick random clothes from the floor, sniffing them and throwing the dirty ones nearby the door. After a couple clothes, Sean said, “Now I just need to change these wet pants,” already taking his pants off. George saw Sean’s butt when he looked to the blonde to answer him. “Sean, why are...” He got interrupted by Sean turning to him and saying, “Because I peed the bed a couple times, but don’t worry, this mattress is in good condition yet.” George was looking straight at Sean’s dick when he said, “What? I asked, Why are you naked?” “This was your question, well, it’s my room; I’m changing my clothes, so... No problem, I get naked in a couple minutes”. The brunette didn’t say anything more, just agreed, watching the blonde putting just a white briefs before head straight to the washing machine.

After they put the clothes to wash, Sean called George to watch something on TV, and the brunette agreed, following the blonde to his room.

“George, what would you like to watch?” asked Sean when he turned his bedroom TV on.

“You choose,” answered the brunette.

Both the boys lay in Sean’s bed, putting something to watch on Netflix. After a few minutes, Sean asked:

“Mom had told you I was 18 years old before you came here?”

“Yes, she told me.”

“And anyway, are you still agreeing to come babysit me? Why?”

“Because I was really curious about how it’d work and, maybe, I was staying three nights with a cute young guy...” Said George laughing

“So are you saying that I’m not cute?” asked Sean, faking na astonishing face.

“You’re cute! Just when wearing peed pants!” joked the brunette. “But being serious, you’re handsome, at least I thought it.”

“First: thanks; I know I’m handsome. Second: are you telling me that you have a kink in pee?” Sean turned to look into George’s eyes.

“I... I don’t know, like this was my first experience and it was amazing, so...” He turned to the blonde too. “And you? Have you a pee kink?”

“Of course! Like, I’ve been into pee since I was 7 and don’t want to give it up ever!”

“So, why do you let your mom think you have a bladder problem?”

“Well... You don’t know my mom, she’s able to kill me if things don’t go the way she planned, that’s why I told her I don’t have good control of my pee.” Sean’s face was very serious. “Hear it,” he said before ripping out the loudest fart George had ever heard.

“Fuck, Sean! You stink!” George said, hearing Sean laugh.

“Thank you, I tried it.” Sean had a mischievous face when he said, “Wanna smell it at the source?”

“God! No! Now I know why you need a babysitter, you’re so childish.”

“And you... You’re a fag!” Screamed Sean

“Sean!” George’s voice grew with anger. After two years as a babysitter, he learned that if he put some authority and anger in his voice, the kids would do everything he ordered them to do. “Watch your mouth! Do you want to be punished?” The blonde looked scared by the babysitter threat.

“I’m sorry, George. It wasn’t my intention to offend you. And, as you know, I’m gay too.” Sean looked very honest in his words.

“Out the closet?”

“No, mom would kill me. Like, I’m the first boy to be born in her family in five generations, if she accepts, my grandma and aunties would kill me.” Said him simply “And you? Out of the closet?”

“Since I was fourteen,” said George.

They started to look for each other for a few minutes before Sean said, “I really need to pee, but I’m too lazy to get up and don’t want to wet the bed now. Can you be a good babysitter and get a pull-up for me to put on, please?” Sean made his best puppy face to try to convince the brunette, who got up and picked up a pull-up and threw it to the blonde.

Sean pushed his underwear out and pulled the pull-up while laying in bed, and George watched it from the side of the bed, waiting until he could lay down again. The brunette heard the hissing pee sound almost instantly after Sean put the diaper on. The blonde’s diaper got flaccid and full quickly.

“Fuck!” said Sean before getting up, letting a small wet spot on the bed. “I peed more than I thought I needed, don’t worry, my bed will be okay, I just need to change my diaper.” The blonde looked a bit jumpy.

“Sean, go take a bath, put on a new diaper and some pajamas, and I’ll change your bed sheets.” George was still; it wasn’t the first time a kid peed on the bed where he was babysitting. “But next time, at least get up or use the bathroom. We have a deal?” Sean just agreed with his head and went to the bathroom. George takes the wet sheets out and finds new ones in Sean’s closet.

The blonde came back a few minutes later totally naked. George gave a good look on the blonde, he was completely shaved, every single centimeter. Sean picked a new pull-up and put it, saying to George “this is my pijama, are you okay with me sleeping almost naked in the room next to you?” Teased him

“No” answered George “I usually don’t get hard-on with diaper boys, maximum I do is change them” teased back the brunette.

“Dork” joked the blonde

“Sean, put some clothes on, it’s cold to you stay half naked tonight.” George was being serious and the blonde obeyed him.

The weekend passed too fast, and when George noticed Sean’s mom was parking the car.

For the blonde, this was the best weekend of his life; he had never met someone who liked pee like him, and he was very excited about it. He gave his number to George to stay in contact, and maybe he could get more than a friend—a lover.

For the brunette, the weekend was full of discoveries and new passions and loves; maybe he was falling in love with a certain blonde and accepting getting his number too fast.

When the lady asked George if he’d be okay babysitting her son again, he said that it would be a pleasure to babysit him again because he was so polite and talkative.

At the same time, Sean sent him a message: “Will you tell her I’m cute too?”

“Not now, maybe after you learn how to kiss, virgin. Lol,” answered George, joking with his friend. During the Friday night, they talked about their life experiences, and one thing that Sean said was that he had never kissed or fucked before.

“You’d like to give me my first kiss?”

“Next weekend I’m free, I’ll send my address.”

George put his phone in his pants’ pocket and picked up the payment for the job, dismissing himself for the lady and Sean.

