Rukia's desperation

Author: Kuky9752

*000*2025-05-10 19:11

This is my first ever fiction

###

The Soul Society was stifling. Even more so than usual. Rukia Kuchiki, Lieutenant of the 13th Division, felt a pressure building, a kind of low, insistent thrum that had nothing to do with paperwork and everything to do with her own bladder. She’d chugged down a large mug of tea before her patrol, a habit born from the cold seeping into her bones even in the perpetual spring of the Seireitei. Now, she was paying the price.

The patrol itself had been uneventful, just a few wandering lost souls gently guided to the Rukon District. But the growing urgency inside her was anything but gentle. With each step she took, the discomfort intensified. She tried to distract herself by focusing on the vibrant colors of the cherry blossoms lining the pathways, but even the beauty of the Seireitei couldn't drown out the desperate plea of her bladder.

Finally, she deemed her patrol complete and rushed towards the 13th Division barracks, hoping to slip into the privacy of her quarters. Just as she rounded a corner, she collided with Captain Ukitake, sending a stack of scrolls tumbling to the ground.

“Ah, Rukia, just the Lieutenant I was looking for!” Ukitake said, a gentle smile gracing his lips. Unfortunately, his illness had flared up again, leaving him pale and shaky.

Rukia, trying to appear calm despite the internal crisis raging, knelt to help him gather the scattered scrolls. “Forgive me, Captain. I didn’t see you.”

“No harm done,” he said, waving a hand dismissively. “I was just on my way to the training grounds. We have a new recruit who needs… special attention. I’m not feeling well enough to oversee it myself. Would you mind filling in for me?”

Rukia’s heart sank. The training grounds? With a newcomer? It would take hours. Hours she didn't have. She tried to subtly shift her weight, crossing her legs in a desperate attempt to alleviate the mounting pressure.

“Captain, I… I was just about to… file a report,” she stammered, her voice betraying her discomfort.

Ukitake’s brow furrowed slightly. “It’s important, Rukia. He’s… let’s just say he’s a bit… impetuous. He needs a firm hand. And your Kido skills are exemplary.”

Rukia knew she couldn't refuse. Disobeying a direct order was out of the question. The rules were the rules. And besides, she cared for Ukitake, even if she desperately wanted to scream.

“Of course, Captain,” she managed to say, forcing a smile that felt more like a grimace. “I’ll handle it.”

Ukitake beamed, oblivious to her inner turmoil. “Thank you, Rukia. You're a lifesaver. I'll let you know when I'm feeling better and can take over.”

With a nod, he left her, leaving Rukia standing in the path, a prisoner of her own bladder.

The training grounds were a long walk from the barracks, each step a torturous reminder of her increasingly dire situation. She tried every trick she knew: focusing on her breathing, flexing her muscles, even attempting a rudimentary form of meditative control to suppress the urge. But nothing worked. The pressure only intensified, morphing into a dull ache that spread through her abdomen.

When she finally arrived, the newcomer was already waiting for her. He was a tall, lanky youth with unruly black hair and a cocky smirk plastered across his face.

“So, you’re the one training me, huh? You don’t look so tough.” He drawled, sizing her up.

Rukia took a deep breath, trying to maintain her composure. This was exactly the kind of insolence Ukitake had warned her about.

“I am Lieutenant Kuchiki,” she said, her voice sharper than she intended. “And I suggest you show some respect, especially if you want to learn anything.”

The training session was a nightmare. The recruit, whose name was Kenzo, was as defiant as he was unskilled. He questioned every instruction, complained about the exercises, and generally made her life a living hell. All the while, Rukia’s bladder threatened to explode. She had to clench her jaw so hard to avoid accidentally dribbling. The discomfort was agonizing now, a constant, burning pressure that made it difficult to concentrate.

She tried to keep the exercises short and practical, focusing on basic sword techniques. But Kenzo was frustratingly slow to learn, and his arrogance made him resistant to correction. Each passing minute felt like an eternity.

As the training session wore on, Rukia's face grew paler, and her movements became more jerky and controlled. She had to shorten the session because of her poor condition. Kenzo eyed her with a smirk.

“What’s wrong, Lieutenant? Can’t handle a little training?”

Rukia glared at him, her patience finally snapping. “You will shut your mouth and do as I say!” she snapped, her voice trembling. “And if you can’t handle a little discipline, perhaps you should reconsider your aspirations of becoming a Soul Reaper.”

Then, without another word, she turned and fled, leaving Kenzo standing alone in the training grounds, gaping after her.

She didn't care about protocol anymore. She didn't care about appearances. All she cared about was finding a bathroom, and fast.

She ran, ignoring the shocked stares of other Soul Reapers as she sprinted through the corridors of the Seireitei. Her bladder screamed in protest with every stride.

Finally, she burst through the door of her quarters and stumbled towards the nearest bathroom. The relief was instantaneous, a wave of pure, unadulterated bliss washing over her. She almost cried.

As she emerged from the bathroom, feeling weak but immeasurably better, she caught sight of herself in the mirror. Her face was flushed, her hair was a mess, and her uniform was slightly rumpled. She looked like she had been through a battle.

Suddenly, she heard a knock on the door.

“Lieutenant Kuchiki? It’s Captain Ukitake.”

Rukia groaned inwardly. Of all the times for him to check on her.

“Enter,” she called, trying to straighten her uniform.

Ukitake entered, his expression concerned. “Rukia, are you alright? Kenzo came to me complaining about your behavior. He said you… yelled at him and ran off.”

Rukia sighed. She knew she owed Ukitake an explanation, but she couldn't bring herself to admit the real reason for her abrupt departure.

“I… I wasn’t feeling well, Captain. The training was more strenuous than I anticipated,” she said, wincing at the pathetic excuse.

Ukitake’s brow furrowed. “You should have said something. There are others who could have taken over. Please, rest for the remainder of the day.”

Rukia nodded, relief washing over her. At least she had avoided further punishment, even if it meant suffering in silence.

As the day wore on, Rukia vowed to be more mindful of her tea consumption before patrols. And perhaps, just perhaps, find a way to convince Captain Ukitake that someone else was better suited to train the incorrigible Kenzo. This time, her bladder had barely survived. Another ordeal like that, and she might not be so lucky.

