Fantasy: date night

Author: KarenWets

*000*2022-09-09 09:34

Husband and I walk out of the restaurant, to the car park down the street where we have our car.

The "us time" was lovely this evening and I'm feeling great! Warm, loved, in good spirits. The wine makes me warm and giggly. Hubby is driving and he insisted that I would relax and enjoy. He ordered me a kir royal before dinner and told me not to shy away from ordering wine as I wanted during the meal. To which I gladly obliged and drank two glasses of wine.

But as we walk down the street it suddenly hits me: I completely forgot to pee! Which normally shouldn't be much of a problem, but alcohol just makes it so much harder to hold my pee in. All of a sudden I feel almost sober... the warmth I experienced from the alcohol quickly fades and I feel how cold it actually is. The crisp evening air seems to tense up my bladder and adds a lot to my sudden urge.

I'm carrying my coat over my arm, which allows me to secretly probe my bladder with my hand. When I feel a sudden urge it always comforts me to feel that my bladder isn't really so full, it gives me the reassurance that I will be able to hold it for a while. But tonight it seems that everything works against me! My hand probes, my fingers touch, they find a very full bladder bulging my lower belly. I realize that I must have missed all the warnings of my bladder filling up because of the alcohol. I'm in real trouble! And the gentle push I just gave my own bladder isn't helping! I need to stop walking for a second and squeeze my pelvic floor... fighting a wave of urgency which is so much stronger than a first wave should be! My body seems desperate to relax and just let the pee flood out... but I squeeze and squeeze and the wave passes.

I notice my husband looking at me, concerned. I tell him, I have to pee really bad. He reassures me, it's only a ten minute drive, I'll be fine.

I let him guide me to the car, his arm around my waist. We walk, reach the parking lot. Cross the parking lot. Another wave, it's very desperate! Only a few meters to the car but the urge is too strong to cross those final meters. I stand still, squeeze my pelvic floor. I squeeze to hold my pee in. My bladder muscle squuezes to push the pee out. It's stronger than I can resist and a gush of pee streams down my legs. I squeeze even harder, hoping to stop the flow and hoping that my clothes aren't visibly wet already. For a moment it stops but almost immediately another gush pours through my underwear and down my legs. By now I've peed so much that I can't stop anymore... my best efforts can slow the gush down to a trickle but I'm still peeing! As I feel the heat and wetness soak my legs

I just start crying in desperation and shame. Hubby understands what is going on. It must be obvious because by now the pee is splashing on the street. His arm firms up around my waist, leads me towards the car while I am still peeing down my legs and in my pants. He opens the passenger door, allows me to find some shelter behind the door. Quickly goas around the back of the car to get a plastic grocery bag. Masterfully drops it in the car over my seat, allowing me to sit down and find safety in the car. I'm sobbing, totally humiliated about my accident. It's not because I peed myself, that happens sometimes. But this was in public! And in my nice dress pants. And most of all, I'm humiliated because this wasn't a leak as normal...I lost all control and totally released my bladder and I just could not stop it. I never felt so humiliated and vulnerable in my life.

Hubby drives out of the parking lot. He drives gentle but quick, thank God. I notice how my pants are completely soaked. Not hot but still warm. I notice the smell filling the car. Hubby comforts me with words, it's ok babe, repeating himeself because I don't respond. I'm in my own bubble. My own humiliated and wet and warm and smelly bubble. I have stopped crying but feel the urge to cover my face with my hands. I feel my face is hot, I must be blushing, of course I am. I notice my breathing is off. It's heavy and when I exhale it's shaky. Wait a second!

The realization hits me that this is how I breathe just aften an orgasm. Startled, surprised. Did I just...? I concentrate on the feeling between my legs. Wet. Soaked clothes cling to my skin. Slowly cooling, not uncomfortably cold yet but definitely cooling. Sensitive, tingly. Did I? I push my legs together. It sends another small wave of pleasure up my spine. Yes I did. I had an orgasm from helplessly peeing myself like a little girl. Naughty Karen. Messed up Karen.

I look to the side, my eyes meet my hubby's. He seems relieved because we're finally making contact again. He smiles, reassures me one more time that it's OK. I return the smile and realize how pathetic I must look with my red face and teary eyes and watery make-up. I can't help but giggle with the image of how I must look. He laughs too. We both laugh, a lot of tension releases. Hubby places his hand on my thigh. Instinctively I'd push it away a little bit to prevent him from touching my wet clothes. But I don't want to. His fingers are on the inner thigh, where my pants are soaked. He doesn't seem to mind. Neither do I anymore.

*002*2022-09-09 09:54

{{12 minutes ago, fabric5 said:

Such a hot scenario!! Really enjoyed reading this, thanks

}}

Thank you!

This fantasy is really dear to me. I feel proud for being able to share this and ambarrassed at the same time that I actually did. Such a strange mix.

