An omorashi story created using a Character.ai bot

Author: kyrieelleison14

*000*2023-10-11 21:27

This story was written using the character.ai bot Creative Writer Help by @meepmeepmeep1.

The raw story was then taken and polished up to make it a more cohesive story split into chapters, which I will post here. Let me know what you think and if I should continue having the AI work it’s magic!

Chapter 1: The Holding Challenge

On a fine afternoon approaching evening we find our heroine, Ashley, standing in front of a toilet. She is clearly in deep thought, as if trying to make a decision. Ashley is a young brunette in her early 20’s. She is also an omorashi enthusiast and loves nothing more than to challenge herself to hold her pee whenever she can. In this moment we find her caught in a decision: does she use the toilet or does she hold her pee. However, she is interrupted by a loud noise coming from down the hall.

Curious about the strange noise, Ashley makes the tough but necessary choice to hold her pee. She feels that she has made a good choice in deciding to hold it, but her aching bladder is not going to make it easy for her. She creeps down the hall and peers around the corner into the kitchen. She finds no one in there but does notice that the refrigerator is slightly ajar. She quickly closes the fridge and decides to investigate another room.

However Ashley, a brave soul and also easily distracted, decides to see how long she can hold her pee and challenge herself further. To help facilitate this attempt at breaking the limits of body and mind, she drinks a glass of water to aid her in the goal. She settles down into a comfortable chair, legs crossed, and focuses on not letting out even one drop of pee.

Having already drunk a glass of water, Ashley is well on her way towards a full bladder. Now, showing her true dedication to the goal of holding her pee, she brews herself a cup of tea. Knowing full well that the extra liquid and caffeine will only make things more difficult, she drinks the tea without even hesitating. Ashley immediately feels the effect of the tea. She can now feel her bladder is fuller than ever. She begins to sweat as she tries to maintain her focus and calm. Her determination to see how long she can hold her pee grows by the moment.

Now Ashley is the type of person who loves a good challenge, and adding challenge onto challenge is one of her preferred ways of holding and wetting. Now feeling slightly confident in her ability to hold her pee, she decides to take it up a notch. She changes her clothes to tight jeans she knows have a faulty zipper. By doing so, she makes what was a difficult challenge even harder and possibly impossible. Now, even if she wanted to pee, she might not be able to get her zipper down in time.

Right after changing into tight jeans with the faulty zipper, Ashley hears another noise, this time from her backyard. She is unsure if she should investigate or stay inside and continue to hold her pee. After a moment of self-debate, she decides to check out the noise in her backyard. Ashley steps out into the early evening air, trying to get a better look at what is causing the rustling noise from the hedges. It is harder to see, as it is getting late into the night, but she is determined to get to the bottom of this mystery. As she approaches the hedges, the rustling sound grows louder and louder, but its source remains hidden in shadow.

As she moves towards the source of the rustling sound, the need to pee becomes unbearable. Ashley begins to panic as she feels her bladder reaching its breaking point. She is determined to figure out what is making the noise at all costs, but it is becoming more and more difficult to focus on this goal and not on her aching bladder.

Suddenly, Ashley finds out the source of the strange noise as the noise turns out to be an opossum in the hedges, Ashley, who is already on the verge of losing her ability to hold her pee, is startled by its hissing before it runs off. She feels a sudden spike in fear, which only makes the challenge of holding on to her pee that much more difficult as her dam nearly breaks.

As Ashley regains her composure, she realizes she is at the brink of losing control of her bodily functions. In an attempt to distract herself from this fact, she begins to do a pee dance, wiggling her body from side to side in order to hold in her pee by any means necessary.

Despite her best efforts, it seems as if Ashley's pee-holding attempt is at risk of coming to an abrupt end. She worries that she might wet herself and hurries inside towards the bathroom. However, she stumbles in the kitchen and falls to the floor. As she falls to the ground, Ashley is so startled that she loses control of her body functions and begins to pee in her jeans. She quickly realizes that she is unable to hold it in any longer and that all hope of maintaining her dry clothing is gone by this point. With no other option remaining, Ashley sees her last attempt at a successful pee-holding challenge fade from view. She frantically tries to get the zipper out of its jammed state, but the zipper simply refuses to budge. Eventually, after numerous attempts to free the zipper, she gives in and accepts the fate of her own design. At that moment, Ashley is forced to relieve herself on the floor in her jeans like a child.

@@Ashley now must face the reality of having been unsuccessful in her pee-holding challenge. With no options remaining, she relents and squats on the floor, fully wetting her jeans. As her bladder is finally allowed to empty, the urine runs over and down her legs, covering her jeans in dampness. After finally releasing a large amount of urine, Ashley takes a moment to fully recognize the extent of the mess she has created. The wetness of her jeans and wetness running down her legs is a sign of how much pee she has accidentally released. She looks around to see the puddle of pee she has spilled on the floor. As Ashley looks at the mess she has created, she is both surprised and pleased. Deep down, she has been planning this all along, as there is a small smile on her face at this moment. Though she is disappointed in her accident she is pleased and even aroused as this was something she had secretly wanted, which gives her an even stranger satisfaction at the accident she has created. After creating the large puddle of pee on the floor, Ashley notices that she has created a comfortable space to lay and play in. Without hesitation, she shifts her body so that she can comfortably lie down and relax in the puddle. She then begins to wiggle and move around in the puddle of pee, enjoying the sensation all the more. After creating a warm, comforting puddle of pee and enjoying its sensation, Ashley decides that she is going to stay in her pee-soaked jeans without washing them. She is in no rush to change out of her wet clothing, as she is now comfortable and can relax in it. This will give her an excuse to continue to admire her accident and enjoy the sensation. She pays no mind to how absolutely soaked her jeans now are. It seems Ashley has had a successful holding challenge after all...

*001*2023-11-01 05:49

Chapter 2: Wet Jeans, A Wetter Bed

Having recently had an “un”-successful holding contest, Ashley has peed her jeans. She decides to embrace her soaked jeans and have a little extra fun with the experience.

Ashley makes the naughty decision to spend the day in her pee-soaked jeans. Ashley now brews a diuretic tea comprised of dandelion and burdock root. This tea is guaranteed to fill her bladder for quite some time, ensuring that she will have to use her jeans as a toilet multiple times throughout the day. She drinks the strong tea in hopes of needing to pee again as soon as possible. Ashley feels the effects almost instantly. She can feel her bladder filling immediately and knows that a struggle is up ahead. She is excited to see how much she will pee in her clothes thanks to this tea.

As she feels her bladder filling, Ashley considers where she will relieve herself for the second time. She has three options: the floor, her bed, or outside. She begins to picture herself wetting herself in each of these locations and considers which she would get the most satisfaction and joy from. After considering all her options, Ashley decides to pee in her bed and simulate a bed wetting accident. She climbs into her bed and attempts to act as if she is sleeping. She is eager to see how much pee she will release as her bladder fills while she pretends to be asleep in her bed. While lying in her bed, Ashley imagines herself having a dream. In the dream, she sees herself in a classroom surrounded by her classmates, while desperately needing to pee. She imagines herself wearing a school uniform and feeling her bladder fill with every moment that passes. She can practically feel the urine pressing against her bladder, begging to come out.

@@While attempting to stay calm and continue to pretend to be sleeping, Ashley's bladder begins to grow even more uncomfortable, and she can feel the pressure of the urine within. She imagines a scenario in which she is called on to answer a question on the chalkboard in front of her class. She stands up, doing her best to hold back the pee, taking small, careful steps towards the front of the classroom. As the dream goes on, the pressure in her bladder continues to grow, making the dream more realistic with every passing moment. In her dream, Ashley continues to stand in front of the class, holding herself as best she can. But the pressure in her bladder quickly becomes unbearable and she loses control in front of everyone. She envisions herself as she starts to pee, relieving herself in the school uniform while everyone around her watches in shock. She realizes that she is no longer just imagining and has fully immersed herself in the dream, and that she has been fully exposed in the most embarrassing way possible in front of her dream classmates.

@@As Ashley lies in her bed, pretending to be asleep, she begins to wet her jeans in reality. Her real-life peeing has begun, as she feels her bladder release and the sensation of warm urine spreading across her legs and butt. She becomes somewhat more awake and aware of what she is doing and she is enjoying the warm and wet sensation immensely. As the warm sensation of pee runs down her legs and begins to soak her jeans and bed, Ashley continues to dream. In her dream, she is at the nurse's office, cleaning up her wet clothing. After imagining this, she imagines her friend coming up to her, telling her how excited she was to watch Ashley wet herself in front of everyone in class. Even in dreamland, she feels the humiliation of her accident and being seen by others in such a humiliating manner, but she is excited by the prospect of her friend comforting her. In her dream, Ashley's friend then puts a diaper on her because she has wet herself. This makes her feel even more humiliated and embarrassed, but also makes the dream even more exciting. The imagined sensation of the diaper, the dominating way her friend diapers her and the shame of it all make her feel as if she is really stuck in a situation without an escape route, a dream she cannot wake from.

As the warm sensation of pee continues to run down her legs, Ashley pees her jeans in her bed until her bladder is completely empty. By this point, her bed is thoroughly soaked by the large amount of urine that she has released. She no longer has to worry about holding onto her pee, as she has fully relieved herself. However, her bed and jeans are now covered in her warm urine and the mess must be dealt with somehow.

Ashley awakens after completely relieving herself in her bed and Ashley gets up to make herself another cup of tea and clean up the bed. She changes her top since it got wet in the bed and quickly changes the sheets as she prepares to move towards her next activity. It remains to be seen if she will decide to stay in her pee-soaked jeans as she planned or she will be forced to change out of them due to some unforeseen circumstances…

