499 Miles

Author: Kez

*000*2019-05-16 02:19

499 miles was exactly the distance from Eastlea High to the hotel Kyriad. Abbey had checked it on Google Maps some three hours before they were set to depart, as she sat at her computer waiting for the Sophie Ellis-Bextor album to slowly copy itself onto her rather tatty MP3 player. A little further down the street and Lauren had slipped on two pairs of thermal socks and was desperately trying to pick out additional pairs to pack from within the heap of clean albeit wrinkled clothes, whilst simultaneously trying her hardest not to disturb Muffin the fuzzy ginger cat who was sleeping on top of it all. Across town and Georgina was thinking she was the smart one - standing in the bathroom with her skirt hitched up and her underwear halfway down her thighs, as she tried to figure out the best way to insert the Tena Lady pad she had discretely taken from mom's cupboard.

Skip forward two and a half hours and the sky is pitch black, a waxing crescent moon hidden behind the veil of clouds which is fairly typical for a British autumn. It's cold, but the air is still and even while standing outside, Lauren's feeling pretty cozy underneath all her layers, wriggling and clenching her toes around in a mixture of anticipation and excitement. Abbey has threaded the cables of her earphones through her jacket like she does during exams, and is trying to position the right bud within her ear so the sound is perfectly balanced. Somewhere near the back of the queue, a boy named Josh notices that Georgina is occasionally running her hands down the front and back of her skirt, but he doesn't process that she's wearing a pad that's far too large for a girl her size and she's a bit concerned that it would cause a noticable bulge in her outer clothing. It doesn't.

Everyone boards the coach, and there's a predictable safety briefing that no one pays much attention to (least of all Abbey because she can't hear it), though everyone understands that the on-board toilet isn't to be used unless it's an emergency. But no one is expecting that to happen, because everyone is overconfident in their bladders and everyone is too shy to ask a teacher to let them use the toilet and reveal to the entire coach how desperate they are, resulting in embarrasment somewhat equivalent to or greater than actually having an accident.

The lights dim and the engine turns over.

James who doesn't like to be called Jimmy but is called Jimmy regardless has a brand new Sony PSP which can play movies, and the entire front end of the coach is transfixed by the device. Near the back, Josh is awkwardly trying to make conversation with Abbey who isn't paying him much attention because she just wants to listen to Sophie Ellis-Bextor and stare out of the window at passing streetlights and into the blackness beyond the motorway. Georgina is nibbling away at the cornbread mom packed and trying not to get crumbs all over her clothes and failing nonetheless. Lauren is asleep.

The first rest stop is only an hour in, and none of our three girls leave the coach. It's warm and cozy inside, and they don't want to walk across a rest stop car park needlessly. The first break is for the younger kids anyway; big girls like them don't need it. Plus Abbey wants to wait for a services with a Burger King - she's not going to settle for McDonalds on a special trip like this.

Two and a half hours later and they get their second break and last before the ferry across the Channel. Lauren wakes up and yawns as the coach rolls to a slow stop. She could use a bathroom, and gets up. Georgina's feeling the hot chocolate she drank earlier want out, and decides to go too. Abbey decides not to come, and instead starts rooting around in her bag for spare batteries for her MP3 player.

Inside a large glass building filled with people who should be sleeping, Lauren and Georgina head to the ladies and into separate cubicles. Lauren fumbles with unzipping her jacket for a few seconds, while Georgina pulls her underwear down to inspect her pad, and seems satisfied that it's remained clean. Both girls sit down and pee.

The coach takes to the motorway again for the final stretch down to Dover. Jimmy's PSP has died. Josh is slumped over in what must certainly be an uncomfortable position. The vast majority of the coach is asleep, and now Abbey is starting to feel the urge to relieve herself. They have at least another hour on the road, but she's confident that she can wait. She tries to focus on the music, but she's gone through the entire album and the old songs she already had three times over, and it's starting to get a bit repetative. She wishes she'd prepared the MP3 player a little better beforehand.

Dawn is breaking over the cliffs of Dover as the coach pulls into the vast sea of tarmac to await boarding. Georgina and Lauren have taken some brief naps, but the adrenaline is keeping them awake. Abbey is sitting with her legs crossed, and is starting to get nervous.

The coach takes too long to board the ferry. There are yawns and stretches as people stand up, but they aren't allowed to leave just yet. A teacher gives yet another safety briefing on how they are not allowed to go up on deck lest someone falls overboard and drowns in the English Channel. Lauren and Georgina chuckle mildly to themselves. Abbey is shifting uncomfortably from foot to foot.

There's a small stampede off the coach as most everyone heads upstairs to the arcade, bar Abbey and a few others who go for the toilets on the same level. Following the signs is pretty easy, but her desperation seems to increase the closer she gets. She threads her way through not too many people loitering about in the corridor, through the bathroom door and into a free stall, and turns around to slide the latch lock behind her. Once she's sure she has some privacy, she shoves her right hand between her legs. She crosses her legs, then uncrosses them, then bends forward sticking her rear out and pushes her hand harder up against her privates. She does this a few times as if to try and push back the urge to pee, before taking her hand away and focusing on undoing the annoyingly-tight button of the denim shorts which are getting a bit too small for her.

Eventually she gets the button undone, and she unzips her shorts to reveal the top of a pair of cotton, white panties with pink stripes and a very small decorative bow in the centre of the waistband. Then she turns around to the toilet. HURK. Ferry toilets are disgusting. The seat isn't wet, but there are obvious patches from where it has been. Definitely not suitable for sitting on in such a state. Abbey sticks a hand under the plastic toilet roll dispenser and rips off a large wad of paper, and regretfully starts rubbing it along the plastic.

She gets a quarter of the seat to somewhere vaguely within the realm of sanitary. Then she pushes down on the seat a little too hard, and she pees a little bit in her panties. She freezes and lets out a slight gasp. She throws the toilet paper into the bowl, quickly rips down her shorts and panties, swings around and sits down on the toilet - no longer caring about the seat cleanliness or lack thereof - and empties her bladder.

A minute or so later and Abbey finishes peeing. She's completely bent forward with her arms down at her sides and her eyes closed. Relief felt so good. Eventually she opens her eyes and straightens up, and looks down at her legs. She pulls her panties up from within her shorts and stretches them out infront of her. There's a small, teardrop-shaped wet patch near the front of the gusset about the size of a 50p coin. Abbey blushes with embarrasment. She pulls down some more toilet paper from the dispenser and starts rubbing it into the crotch of her panties. The paper seems to get wet, but the fabric doesn't seem to get any drier. She quickly gives up, spreads her legs and throws the paper down into the toilet bowl.

The last drops of her pee are still dripping from her, but Abbey realises that the 1-ply toilet paper is closer to sandpaper than anything worthy of the adjective "soft", and it's not something she's keen to try rubbing against herself. She realises her underwear is already wet, and it doesn't matter too much - and tentatively pulls up her panties so that they sit fairly loose around her nether regions. Her body still feels uncomfortably wet down there. She pulls them back down to her knees again. Her lower lips are still glistening with pee. After a moment's pause, she pulls her panties up again and presses two fingers into the crotch, rubbing it up against her privates. The soft cotton dampens further, but quickly warms to the heat of her body.

She pulls up her shorts, zips and buttons them. She flushes the toilet, unlocks and leaves the cubicle. She washes her hands and dries them with a few paper towels. There's a long, large vertical mirror near the doorway. She takes a look at herself. Her cheeks are still a little bit red. She glances down at her shorts, but doesn't see anything that worries her. She leaves the bathroom, feeling a little uneasy but a lot better.

She heads down the corridor and up the stairs to find Lauren and Georgina in the cafe.

To be continued, maybe?

*003*2019-05-18 21:13

Part 2 it is!

The ferry trundles along through the endless expanse of choppy waves and sea foam in the light mist of a chilly September morning. Lauren stares out through a window and counts the small ships with brilliant white sails, and watches another ferry passing in the opposite direction some hundred yards away - a distance from which none of either ship's occupants could possibly see each other - though she waves at them regardless.

Abbey occasionally shifts uncomfortably in her seat. All her clothes are packed away in a small pink flowered suitcase on the coach, and the vehicle deck is closed while the ferry is at sea. She glances over at Mr. Braun the music teacher at the other end of the cafe, comforting a girl called May who's feeling a little nauseated from the gentle sway of the ship over the waves. She contemplates asking him if she could quickly get access to her suitcase when they reach Calais, but she did not want to explain herself if Mr. Braun asked her why, nor would she have time to actually go and change her underwear.

Georgina sips a cup of lemon iced tea from the cafe and strolls aimlessly through the ferry's onboard shop, not really interested in buying anything but rather attempting to waste some time. She listens to Jimmy in the next aisle over moaning hopelessly at the ridiculous cost of a charging cable for his PSP and cursing himself for forgetting to bring his own. Lauren is pondering over the cafe menu, and wondering why everything seems to be exactly £10. £10 for a few chicken goujons, or £10 for a lasagna. After a moment to consider how hungry she is and how carefully she should balance her spending money, she gets up to order the goujons.

The ferry docks in Calais and everyone makes their way to the vehicle deck in good time for the gates to open. Abbey climbs onto the coach and makes her way back to her seat. Josh, who would sit next to her, is still a little further back in the queue. She glances around to check if anyone is paying attention to her, then leans back and discretely slips her hand into her denim shorts. It still feels a little damp. Just before Josh appears next to her, she quickly pulls her hand out from her pants and wipes her fingers on the fabric of her seat, and crosses her legs. Josh doesn't seem to notice as he sits down. She flashes a quick, nervous smile at him.

The coach wheels begin rolling again. Georgina finally starts to feel tired, but she's on the right side of the coach and its tinted windows aren't holding back the rays of sun as well as she would like them to. The light and heat are keeping her awake, while over on the shaded side of the coach Abbey and Lauren have fallen fast asleep. Georgina lifts her feet up onto the seat, wraps her arms around her legs and pulls her knees close to her chest. She stares out of the window as they traverse the French countryside.

The coach hits a small pothole and Georgina wakes up. She doesn't remember falling asleep, or knows how long she slept for. She tries to look up from out of the window - the sun is still pretty high overhead. She pulls her phone out from her jacket pocket to check the exact time. A little after midday, but she doesn't remember how long ago they left the ferry. She isn't sure if they had stopped again as yet and if she had slept through it. This worries her slightly, as she quickly becomes aware of the familiar dull ache from her abdomen as a result of the iced tea having made it much of the way through her.

Georgina sits up and sets her feet back down onto the coach floor. As she moves, she is reminded of the pad she's wearing as it rubs up against her, and contemplates the situation. She hadn't been brave enough to take more than one - lest mom would notice that they were missing - but didn't intend on wearing it for more than the first day of the trip, knowing full well that anything put between her legs would get dirty eventually.

Nonetheless, she didn't think that she would actually have to use it... she only wanted to have it in case of an emergency. But given that they might not stop again until the hotel, which could be hours away for all she knew - she starts to consider an emergency to be quite possible. She checks her phone again. Half an hour has gone by, and they are still moving steadily along the motorway. She takes note of the road signs as they pass on her right, but none of the French town names seem familiar and she can't piece together where exactly they are - and all the teachers are engaged in conversation at the front end of the coach, making it difficult for her to ask.

Across the isle, Lauren is still fast asleep but Abbey wakes up, stretches her arms out and yawns. She's hungry - she didn't have anything to eat on the ferry, and they still haven't stopped at a services with a Burger King, which mildly annoys her. She pulls her bag out from under the seat and starts to dig around inside in search of a snack.

Georgina is now seriously considering peeing in her panties. She's not desperate to the point where she has to cross her legs or hold herself, but she's slouched down in her seat and bouncing her right leg on the coach floor, occasionally squeezing her thighs together. Her muscles have been tensed to hold it for some time, and the ache from down there is slowly becoming more painful. She pulls her crumpled jacket out from behind her and spreads it out on her lap over her skirt, just as a precaution. Her mind is racing with pee thoughts. She's not bursting - she can certainly hold it for a good while longer, and doesn't want to use her pad if they're going to stop soon.

And she's never tried using one of these pads before either, and doesn't know effective it will be. Some months ago she had... tested the absorbancy of a period pad out of curiosity (and heck was it useless), and though the Tena Lady she's wearing is more adequate for the situation, she isn't sure if it could hold the entire contents of her bladder. And if she waits too long and gets too desperate, she might not be able to control herself... and could end up having a very embarrasing accident. If she's going to do it, it seems better to do it sooner than later.

Abbey finds a cinnamon granola bar in her bag and smiles cheerfully. Breakfast.

Georgina makes up her mind, sits up in her seat, spreads her legs apart slightly, and relaxes. Nothing happens at first - her body seems at odds with the idea of relieving herself when not in a bathroom and with all her clothes still on. She gives her bladder a push, and a strong spurt of pee shoots out from between her legs. It's a little too powerful than she would like, and she quickly stops. She waits for a minute, then relaxes again and pushes a little more lightly. Pee starts to trickle out from her at a much more manageable rate. She lets it out for a few seconds before stopping, wondering if she needs to give the pad time to absorb it all.

It's difficult to tell how well it's holding up, and she slips her right hand down underneath her, palm up to alert her if her skirt starts to get wet. It's still dry, and she pushes again and pees for another three or so seconds. All seems fine, and she pushes with a little more force, peeing into her pad for a full five seconds. Still no sign of leakage. She's feeling significantly wet between her legs, but it's warm at the same time - and combined with the relief she got from doing it, she feels pretty good.

At this exact moment, Georgina feels the slight sway of the coach as it merges across into an exit lane. She looks up and out through the window. Her eyes widen as she notices the sign for the rest stop - complete with the symbols for male and female toilets - and lets out a small moan of defeat. It had all been a complete waste.

Abbey leans over in her seat to read the motorway sign, notices the Burger King logo, and lets out a small squeal of delight.

*005*2019-05-21 03:13

I originally wanted just 3 parts but it's turned out to be a little more writing than I anticipated, so I'm going to do that thing movie studios do and make a two-part finale so I can rake in that sweet box office revenue, or whatever the omo forum equivalent is.

Part 3.1

A girl called Sophie looks over to her left and gently pokes at the large bundle of fabric in the adjacent seat, which is actually Lauren's winter jacket. Sophie mentions softly that they've stopped and asks if Lauren is getting up. From somewhere buried under the thick layer of wool, Lauren stirs slightly and lets out a sleepy murmur which Sophie takes as a "no".

The sun is shining brightly in the cloudless sky directly overhead, but there's a bitter chill in the early autumn air which makes Abbey shiver a little as she steps off the coach, and visiting Burger King drops down to second place on her list of priorities. She crosses her arms tightly across her chest and rubs her hands up and down the sleeves of her jumper, and follows the convoy of students towards the services entrance with gritted teeth. Georgina follows along a little way behind in the queue rather awkwardly - keeping pace, but also taking care not to cross her legs too tightly with each step.

A good portion of the group which includes Abbey and Georgina follow the signs for the lavatories.

Abbey locks herself in a stall - she isn't desperate, and takes her time while unbuttoning her denim shorts. She pulls them and her white and pink-striped underwear down to her ankles, hops up onto the toilet seat and pees. Curious to see how her clothes have faired, she tugs her panties up from within her shorts once again and stretches them out in front of her. They're dry, but there's a very obvious, somewhat dark yellow stain covering about an inch and a half of the crotch. She pulls the top of the panties back up towards her stomach with one hand, so as to see the outside. The stain is very clearly visible from that side too.

She swaps her hands around once more to see the inside, and then pulls the crotch up towards her. She leans forward, and gently sniffs the garment. There's a faint odor of dried urine. She's not entirely sure what she expected. She shrugs, and lets her panties fall back down into her shorts.

Abbey gives her bottom a slight wiggle to shake off the last drops of pee, and pulls off some toilet paper from the roll mounted on the stall wall. French toilet paper is nice and soft, and it feels good as she rubs herself dry. She throws the paper into the bowl, pulls up her dirty but dry underwear and shorts, buttons them, flushes, and leaves to go wash her hands a little too quickly, skip the hand drier, and race off to Burger King while drying her hands by way of wiping them off on the front of her jumper.

Three stalls over, Georgina has locked her own stall door and hung her bag upon the hook, and is pulling up her skirt up much higher than usual, completely exposing her lower half. She spreads her legs slightly, and very carefully slides her light blue panties partway down her thighs. The Tena Lady pad which is far too big and takes up most of the lower half is pretty heavy by now, the weight pulling the cotton down below her knees. It's a little bit dirty around the sides, and the middle is distinctly yellow with pee - but it doesn't look full at all. Georgina stands there for a moment, her hands on her legs in a semi-squat position as she examines the contents of her underwear. There is still a quarter of the journey left to go, but keeping the partially-used pad on doesn't seem like a good idea. She probably won't have any need for in the last few hours anyway, and she certainly doesn't want to sit through it while wearing half the contents of her bladder.

Nonetheless, it still seems like a waste... and she still needs to finish peeing...

She looks up and around at the blank walls of the stall - more listening than looking. Outside the walls there are footsteps and indistict conversations echoing in from outside the bathroom. Sink taps are running, interlaced with the occasional flush of a distant toilet or the muffled roar of a hand dryer.

Georgina thinks for a moment, and then makes up her mind. She pulls her panties back up around her waist, carefully adjusts the pad from the outside so it feels like it's in a relatively good position, and then tentatively steps back and sits down on the toilet seat, leaning forward ever so slightly.

After a few seconds of sitting on the toilet with her underwear on, she relaxes, and then pushes to pee. And just like the first time it starts to come out a little too quickly. Warm liquid shoots out of her - too much for the pad to absorb instantly, and her privates are quickly soaked with urine, accompanied by a very distinct hiss that's so loud, she's sure the entire bathroom could hear it. Again, she immediately tenses up and stops, but this time she feels something that she didn't before - a rush of excitement. She isn't doing it out of necessity anymore, but out of curiosity - and that familiar sensation she gets when doing something that she isn't supposed to starts to creep in to the back of her mind.

With her hands tightly gripping the plastic sides of the toilet seat and her legs spread wide apart, Georgina stares down at the white folds peeking out from the blue cotton gusset between her thighs. She releases again - slowly, but now with no intent on stopping. Pee pours out into her pad which absorbs it well at first, but the warmth and wetness combined with the feeling of naughtiness she has from deliberately wetting herself makes her jaw drop ever so slightly and sends a shiver running down her spine.

Eventually the pad starts to reach its limit, and two golden streams form between the protruding sides and her thighs, trickling straight down into the water of the toilet, accompanied by the familiar and awkwardly loud tinkling sounds. Georgina quickly shifts her body forward towards the edge of the seat so that the streams fall quietly onto the porcelain of the bowl instead. Her ears feel like they're burning, and she feels like everyone else in the bathroom must have already figured out that she's peeing in her underwear. She reassures herself that it's highly unlikely of course... and the idea that so many people are around and they all have no idea what she is up to gives her another shiver of excitement.

After a while, her bladder is emptied and the streams of urine from her saturated pad diminish into a series of droplets. She sits up straight and pulls the hem of her panties forward to look inside. Only a fraction of a centimetre at the very top of the pad is still white - the rest is completely saturated yellow. The weight of it shifting pulls her panties down further, revealing the entire area between her legs to be glistening wet, and allowing the cool bathroom air to come down and touch her exposed privates with a gentle chill.

Georgina lets go of her panties, allowing them to fall back into place and giving the crotch a gentle press up against her, feeling still-warm pee squeeze out onto her body. She leans back up against the upright lid of the toilet, pulls the hem of her underwear out again with her left hand, and slides her right hand down inside. She's not thinking about her back or her hands getting dirty, nor does she give a thought to the fact that she's in a public bathroom filled with strangers. She forgets the world around her, completely lost in the moment. Her fingers massage the droplets around on her lower lips in a circular motion at first, before her index finger finds its way to that sweet spot, and she begins to rub up and down - gently at first, but quickly pressing down harder with each stroke.

It takes only a few seconds. Georgina's eyes close. Her hips had been shifting slightly back and forth along the toilet seat in a reflexive thrusting motion in rhythm with the strokes of her finger, and with one final push, her legs snap tightly together and her left hand lets go of holding her panties open, quickly flying up to cover her mouth as she tries her hardest to stifle a moan of ecstasy. After a few more fleeting seconds, her legs fall open again, and for a few seconds she simply sits there - out of breath, her heart racing, one hand resting limply inside her underwear.

And then the worst happens - from somewhere not too far away outside the bathroom stall, Georgina hears a female, adult voice calling out her full name.

Georgina's eyes shoot open, she jumps in terror and almost screams. If she would have had any pee left inside her, she would have certainly wet herself in fright. She calls out a "yes" in a high-pitched, almost breaking voice, throwing herself forward and wrapping her arms around her legs, as if she is afraid someone is about to barge into the stall to see her in her current state. The teacher calls out again to say that they are about to head back to the coach, and asks if Georgina is ready. Trying her best to hide the panic in her voice, Georgina replies that she won't be long. She hears the teacher confirm simply, and the outer bathroom door swing shut.

Georgina stands up, and has to place one hand on the wall to steady herself. Her face is burning red, her entire body is shaking, and her legs feel like jelly. With one hand she pulls her panties down, and carefully peels the pad out from inside. The seams along the edges of her panties have gotten a little wet by now, but that's the least of her concerns. She looks over to the small, beige bin at the side of the toilet, and sees that there is no bag lining it - and in the midst of everything she feels a pang of guilt that someone would eventually come along and have to pick up her pee-soaked pad out of it - but there isn't much she can do. She turns around, holds the pad over the toilet bowl, folds it in half and presses it together, watching the urine squeeze out into the bowl, all the while battling to suppress the insurmountable feelings of embarrassment and regret at all the things she has just done.

With the pad significantly lighter, she pulls a long string of toilet paper off from the roll and wraps the soiled and sticky mess up as best as she can, before gently dropping it into the plastic bin with a dull thud. She pulls down more paper from the roll and and starts to rub herself dry, to that point where she can still feel that she's been wet recently and it's still a little uncomfortable, but knows the feeling will pass. She throws away the paper into the bin, and as one final measure, goes to her bag which is hanging on the hook of the stall door and takes out a small pink and white bottle of feminine spray. She applies a few sprays to her upper legs and in between, then a few to the crotch of her panties in the hopes of masking the lingering scent of her urine.

She pulls her panties up, rolls her skirt back down and smooths out the ends, and takes her bag and unlocks the stall door. She slowly pushes it open and pees out to take a look around first. The rest of the bathroom is empty, which to her is a blessing. She slowly shuffles over to the sink. Her hands are still trembling slightly as she washes them, and she splashes some of the cold water on her face in an attempt to cool down her cheeks. Her hair is a mess, and she quickly digs out her brush from her bag to try and bring it back to a more manageable state. She turns off the tap and takes a step back to look at herself in the mirror amidst a sea of emotions - both bad ones and good ones. She's a little shaken, a little mischievous, a little guilty, and a little disgusted... but she got away with it. She takes a few deep breaths, and then smiles a half-pained, half satisfied smile, and turns and walks gingerly towards the door.

