Winter's Gaming Session

Author: kpopleaks55

*000*2025-04-08 01:06

Hi all! Another kpop story - this time featuring aespa's winter. This is all fictional.

Winter was sitting at her desk, completely engrossed in her game. The soft hum of her computer and the sharp clicks of her mouse were the only sounds in the room. Her fingers danced across the keyboard as she navigated her character through the game with precision. The pressure was on; her teammates were counting on her, and she wasn’t about to let them down. Dressed casually in an oversized pastel blue t-shirt that hung loosely over her frame, and loose white pajama shorts that hugged her legs, Winter was perfectly comfortable—at least, that’s how it had been until recently.

She’d been keeping well hydrated throughout the session, sipping from a water bottle nearby in an effort to maintain her glowing skin. But now, with the match growing more intense, a strange pressure began to settle in her lower abdomen. At first, she tried to ignore it. It was nothing, just a little discomfort—surely it would pass. But it didn’t. The pressure only grew, becoming more insistent, nagging at her. Winter shifted in her seat, crossing her legs in an attempt to alleviate the growing discomfort. It helped for a second, but soon enough, the sensation returned, stronger than before.

Her legs squirmed beneath her as she crossed them tighter, trying to fight the sudden, overwhelming need to pee. Her fingers kept flying over the keys as the game demanded all her attention, but the pressure in her bladder was now impossible to ignore. Her teammates’ voices crackled through her headset, urging her on, and she bit her lip, trying to push the growing discomfort from her mind. She couldn’t lose focus now—not when the win was so close. But with every passing second, it was getting worse. Winter could feel her body tensing, her thighs pressing together in a frantic effort to hold on. She glanced around her desk, desperate for some kind of solution. And there it was—an empty water bottle, half-filled with liquid from earlier.

Her eyes darted to the screen, then back to the bottle. A wild idea flashed through her mind, and without thinking, she grabbed it and awkwardly placed it between her legs, hoping that would offer her the slightest relief. But the pressure in her bladder didn’t ease. Instead, it only intensified. Winter gasped softly as she cringed, her body trembling. She didn’t have much time. Without thinking, she double-crossed her legs over the bottle, squeezing her thighs tightly against the plastic in a desperate attempt to hold herself together. 

She tried to focus on the game, her fingers still moving across the keyboard with determination, but her entire body was now consumed by the discomfort. Her breath hitched in her throat as she shifted in her chair, trying to alleviate the growing pressure. The bottle was wedged firmly between her legs, and she could feel the warmth of the liquid inside it as her thighs pressed down harder. She cringed again, her body reacting involuntarily, as a small leak slipped out.

"Ah!" she yelped, her voice barely a whisper as she froze. A tiny spurt of urine escaped, and Winter’s face flushed with embarrassment. She took her eyes of the screen and opened her legs, revealing a small coin sized wet spot between her legs. Her legs then instinctively crossed tighter over the bottle, pressing even harder against it, but it didn’t help. The pressure was relentless. With a mix of panic and determination, Winter tried to focus on the game. Her team needed her. She couldn’t stop now. Another leak followed, this one a little longer, and some of it splashed onto the floor, causing her to whimper and cringe even harder.

Ripping her damp shorts and panties down, she pushed her chair back and shifted the bottle between her legs on the floor. Squatting over it she tried to prevent the inevitable. Her body shuddered, her face burning with humiliation, but she kept playing. The game was nearly over, and she had come too far to stop now. She bit her lip hard as she hovered over the water bottle, hoping to hold herself together just long enough to make it to the dorm bathroom. Every flash on the screen brought about a small leak that splattered onto the floor. She moaned and danced around, wrapping her leg one over the other. “Where is our healer? Is she afk?” her teammate shouted, snapping her back to reality. She gritted her teeth, fighting against the overwhelming urge to release, her fingers moving with an almost robotic precision over the keyboard.

And then, at last, it happened. The match ended, the victory a sweet, hard-earned win. "Nnnnnnhhhh" Winter moaned. Her knuckles were white as she gripped her desk and unleashed the rest of her stream uncontrollably into the water bottle. She wasn't even aiming as the stream surged with her heavy breathes, splattering in front of and behind the bottle on the floor. Her bladder felt so tired but relieved at the same time. As her breathing slowed her stream was reduced to a slow trickle, her legs buckled together.

Winter then slumped back in her chair, her breath coming in quick gasps as the adrenaline faded, and the physical strain caught up to her. She hadn't ever let it get this bad before. She quickly shoved the water bottle out of sight, her face burning as she realized what had just happened. She glanced down at the mess on the floor—nothing too major, but enough to make her cringe in embarrassment. She had made it through the game, but the last few minutes had been an ordeal she’d never forget. “That was… definitely something,” Winter muttered to herself, a nervous laugh escaping her lips as she wiped her forehead. Her skin still glowed, but now it wasn’t from hydration—it was from the relief that the game had finally ended. With a deep sigh, Winter promised herself that next time, she’d take a bathroom break before the match, and maybe leave the water bottle somewhere that wouldn’t be so… crucial.

