Tampa to New York

Author: Kayn

*012*2022-11-08 23:53

{{On 9/3/2022 at 5:44 AM, Apan said:

I'd be lying if I was to say I wasn't disappointed at the ending, but the suspense throughout was second to none. I'm sure I'm not alone in dying to see an alternate conclusion to this incredible desperation story. Keeping the light on just a little longer, another plea with the attendant, adding a person to the final queue perhaps? Just throwing it out there.

Great read, anyways!

}}

Ask and you shall receive.

Part 4 (Alternate Ending)

As I leaned back in my seat, I pretended to be absent-minded, but really, I was more alert than ever. My mind was focused sharply on Jen, her struggling figure never leaving the bounds of my peripheral vision. I watched as she rubbed the inside of her thighs up and down with her palms, her hands getting ever so close to her crotch. She longed to hold herself, I could tell, yet she dared not… not yet. I was close enough to hear her breaths, soft but deep. It had only been a few minutes since the pilot’s announcement, but Jen was already seriously struggling.

The next ten minutes passed without incident. Most people seemed to be drifting off to sleep, while some others had decided to watch a movie or read a book. Jen was doing none of these things. In contrast, she seemed to be the most active passenger on the plane, her restlessness only growing with time. By now she had taken to alternating between bouncing her legs for a while and then crossing them tightly when they got tired. I saw her tampering around with her screen for a bit, apparently looking for a distraction, but seemingly gave up after a while, clearly too occupied with the burning of her bladder to focus on anything else.

With every passing moment, Jen’s condition was getting worse and worse. She absolutely could not keep still, the intensity of her movements growing in tandem with her desperation. I could hear the sharp taps and scuffles of her heels as her feet shuffled all over the floor in front of her, joined by the ever louder rustling of her seat whenever she fanned her thighs in and out, going faster each time she did. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d seen someone this agitated. When they weren’t clasped in between her thighs, her hands gripped the armrests of her seat tightly, squeezing so hard I could see the muscles of her forearms bulging.

It was about fifteen minutes after the pilot’s announcement that we started feeling the first effects of the aforementioned storm. I was never really afraid of flying, but turbulence can make things feel terrifying real quick. Fortunately, it wasn’t so bad this time; we had the occasional sudden bump here and there, but it was relatively mild for the most part, certainly not enough to cause a major disturbance. Other than feeling like my intestines were jumping in place, I felt fine. Jen, however, looked like she was living through hell.

A full bladder was bad enough on its own, but add turbulence on top of that, jerking the bladder this way and that and adding even more pressure, and it had to be absolute torture. The look on Jen’s face was one of strained concentration. I could practically see the muscles of her abdomen completely constricted, stubbornly refusing to let anything come out, fighting her bladder’s vehement demands. Each time the turbulence came and caused a sudden bump, she would wince and jam her thighs together. Her hands still clutched at her belt, and I could see her pulling it out away from her abdomen, clearly trying to stop the belt from pressing into her bladder.

The engine hummed, the clouds whizzed past outside, and the time crawled by. I began perusing a magazine, although this was really just an act to pretend like I was busy so I could keep watching the woman next to me without suspicion. At this point, Jen looked like she was losing her mind, such was the severity of her condition. Her eyes were wide open, her breathing was heavy, and her whole body was shaking. Her heels danced on the floor in front of her as her legs bounced up and down. She crossed and recrossed them every minute, clearly unable to hold a position for too long.

Her hands were either gripping her arm rests, clutching at her belt, or pushed tight against the inside of her thighs. Ever so slowly, I could see them making their way up to her crotch, the spot that Jen was undoubtedly burning to grab and squeeze. It won’t be too long now. With each passing moment, her squirming figure only grew more frantic, the riveting jig of her legs growing into a fierce intensity. It was never-ending movement fueled by a full tank of urine, sloshing around inside her stretched, throbbing bladder.

At long last, the girl finally seemed to lose hope. Raising her left arm, she waved urgently towards the flight attendant who sat nearby in front of us. All this time Jen had been doing her best to suppress her movements out of a desire to hide her plight from the public, but the fact that she was willingly drawing attention to herself clearly meant she could take this suffering no longer. The flight attendant, noticing the passenger’s beckoning arm, looked questioningly towards her before rising from her seat and approaching her. “Do you need something, miss?”

Jen leaned towards her to whisper into her ear, and I strained my ears to listen: “I’m really sorry, but would it be okay if I go use the bathroom really quickly? It’s very urgent.” She looked imploringly up at the attendant who stood leaning over her. Unfortunately, this was not enough to sway her. Shaking her head, she simply replied, “I’m sorry, miss, but passengers cannot get up during turbulence, it’s unsafe. You can go once the seatbelt light turns off.” This was not what Jen wanted to hear at all. Taking a deep breath, she leaned in once again, her voice so soft it was barely audible: “I understand, but can you please make an exception? It’s… it’s really an emergency.” She looked up pleadingly at the attendant, her soft brown eyes big and round, her face etched with genuine and absolute desperation. Her hands clutched tightly around her belt, her knees pushed firmly against each other, her feet bounced rapidly on the tips of her toes.

The attendant’s gaze softened as she looked sympathetically at the struggling young woman sitting hunched over in her seat. For a moment, I thought she would relent and let poor Jen go to obtain the relief she so badly needed. But then she shook her head. “I know it’s urgent, but I’m afraid there’s nothing I can do. The rules here are very strict, we cannot let you leave your seat until it’s safe. I’m sorry, please try to wait.”

Jen looked like she was on the verge of tears. “D-do you know how much longer it will be?” Her voice was strained, dripping with tension and threatening to crack as she uttered the question. The attendant shook her head apologetically. “Soon,” she replied, trying to sound reassuring. I don’t think it had much effect. The attendant turned and went back, leaving Jen trapped in her seat, imprisoned by the belt that wrapped snugly around the obvious bulge protruding from her abdomen. The look on her face was one of total despair, a look so powerful I could practically feel the pain she was enduring. I genuinely wondered if she was going to give up and simply let go, seeing as she had no other choice.

But she wasn’t done fighting yet. I guess the embarrassment of wetting yourself on a plane surrounded by people is motivation enough, no matter how painful it became. After a few more minutes of more frantic squirming, Jen reached forward and hastily grabbed a magazine from the little seat pouch in front of her, then threw it on her upper lap, covering her crotch. She then shoved her right hand underneath between her legs, and although it was covered by the magazine, it didn’t take a genius to figure out exactly what she was doing.

The ensuing minutes must’ve been the longest and most torturous moments of Jen’s life. Sweat was beading on the wrinkled forehead of her face, which was scrunched up in pain. Her every breath shook, punctuated by sudden soft gasps as she rocked back and forth on her seat, hunched over by her waist with her left had clutching onto the seat’s edge as if she were holding on for dear life. Her right hand was clamped up against her crotch, the magazine on her lap barely even covering it anymore since it kept getting knocked out of place by the vigorous swinging of her thighs. Up ahead, I saw the flight attendant from earlier looking at Jen, a look of pity and sympathy on her face, perhaps even a twinge of guilt for forcing her to bear this suffering. But what could she do? She was just following rules, after all.

I wondered just what could be going on inside Jen’s head at that moment, so totally desperate to pee and unable to do anything about it. She must’ve been praying for the end, hoping so earnestly to hear the sound of the seatbelt sign turning off. But it didn’t come. On and on we went, still buffeted by the occasional jolt, each one a clear reminder that the turbulence was not over yet, and that Jen could not leave to go to the toilet, not matter how badly she had to go. Her aggravation at this fact was growing more and more pronounced the longer we continued, frustration emanating from every groan and sigh that came out of her.

I glanced at her as she let out a soft whimper, starting to get seriously concerned for her sake. I genuinely don’t think I’ve ever seen a person look as desperate as Jen did right now. Every so often her torso would bend forward at her waist, so far it was almost parallel with her legs, her hands disappearing into the folds between her legs. I could see her physically shuddering at the effort of holding it in, no doubt fighting the vicious waves of desperation ripping through her body. Her face was like that of a child, looking so totally helpless and distraught, unsure of what to do.

It continued like this for another quarter of an hour, by which point I was seriously starting to consider the possibility of there being a very wet floor next to me. By her looks, the fact Jen had even held it this long was astounding; she looked like she was being stabbed in the crotch by a red-hot knife. Honestly, that’s probably exactly what it felt like. As exciting as this show of desperation has been, my sympathy for her was bubbling up to the surface. Poor woman, she really looks like she’s in a lot of pain. I saw her turn her head back, peering longingly in the direction of the toilets. She grasped the armrests of her seat, shifting forward as if she meant to get up. I watched closely. Was she trying to make a run for it? But then she sank back suddenly, her eyes scrunching up tight as she was clearly overtaken by another surge from her bladder.

She squeezed her right hand onto her crotch tightly, not even trying to hide it anymore. My eyes drank it all in as I watched with bated breath. She was in serious trouble now: her bladder was so full she could barely even move without opening the tap and unleashing the reservoir within. How was she going to get out of this? There’s no chance, no way she would make it, surely. I couldn’t believe it. Was I about to witness a grown adult woman having a catastrophic accident in the middle of a plane?

My eyes snapped up as I noticed movement on my right: Jen had raised her hand once again. I glanced up at the flight attendant, who rose from her seat a second time and walked towards Jen’s shaking hand, a mix of sympathy and concern on her face at the sight of the woman sitting half crumpled in her seat.

“Are you alright, miss?” the attendant asked in a soft voice, leaning in close to Jen.

“P-please, you have to… you have to help me…” Jen was practically sobbing as she looked pleadingly up at the attendant. “I can’t wait any longer, please… please let me go…”

The attendant looked down at the distressed passenger, clearly torn and at a loss for what to do. There was no doubt that Jen was definitely at her limit, so refusing her would only lead to a very big mess. After thinking for a moment, she leaned down again, laying a hand on Jen’s shoulder. “Okay, I will speak to the captain and get his permission first, it’ll take just two minutes. Just wait a few more minutes, alright?” Jen, her eyes full of tears, nodded weakly, unable to muster up the strength to even say a word.

The attendant return to her seat, where she quickly grabbed a phone hanging on the wall and dialed before putting it to her ear. She began speaking, her eyes glancing repeatedly at Jen as she explained the situation. I couldn’t make out what she was saying, although I did catch the words “bathroom” and “emergency”. After some back and forth, the call ended, and the receiver was placed back in the holder on the wall. Rising from her seat once again, the attendant promptly returned to Jen, leaning in to tell her the pilot’s response as I listened in. Is Jen going to be allowed to go at last?

“I spoke with the pilot,” the attendant began. “He said we just passed through the turbulence, and the seatbelt sign will go off in just a minute or two. After that you’re free to go, alright?”

Jen looked up at her, legs shaking furiously underneath her. “Can’t — can’t I just g-go now?” she managed to utter, her breath coming out in gasps.

“It’s just one more minute, okay?” the attendant reasoned, her tone soothing as if she were comforting a child. “You’re almost there, you’ll get to go very soon.” Jen sunk back into her seat, her head bent down as she fought to survive this final stretch, knowing that relief was so close. The attendant gave her once last glance before heading back to her seat. The seconds ticked by, and Jen’s eyes bore into the glowing seat belt sign; I could practically hear her internal screams at it to turn off so she could be free of this horrible suffering.

And then, as the attendant had promised, it happened.

Ding!

The sound echoed through the air, a soft pleasant note, lasting only for a second before it disappeared, but there was no question about what it meant. I heard Jen’s gasp, and I looked over to see that she had frozen in her seat, just for a second as she processed what had happened. But the realization came quickly: the seatbelt light was off at last, and she was finally free.

The loudspeaker turned on again as the pilot made another announcement about the end of the turbulence period, but Jen didn’t care one bit. Her hands flew to her belt, her fingers working furiously in her haste to get it off. In her frantic state, she could barely slow down enough to undo the mechanism, but after a quick battle she wrenched it apart, throwing the straps aside and freeing herself at last. Grasping onto the seat in front of her, she struggled to her feet, her knees glued together as she balanced precariously on the spot.

A sudden pained expression came over her face, mixed with panic as, just for a moment, she was overcome by the full weight of her pressing bladder pushed down by gravity’s force. I held my breath, half-expecting the floodgates to burst open right then and there, resulting in a spectacular wetting right in front of my face. But somehow, she held on, displaying an impressive feat of strength. With no time to lose, Jen stumbled onto the aisle, still bent over at the waist, and began staggering down.

I sprang from my seat and immediately followed after her. I didn’t have to pee at all, but there was no way in hell I was going to miss the end of this show. Jen scurried down the aisle as fast as she could possibly go, but in her pitiful state, weighed down by the immense load of her bladder, the best she could manage was a slow hobble. She would pay for her lack of speed dearly. By the time she reached the bathroom, not only was it already occupied, but there was also a woman waiting in line as well.

Since I was standing behind her, I couldn’t see her expression, but I could just about imagine the horror on Jen’s face when she saw this. My heart pounded with excitement as we came to a halt in the line, my mind running wild wondering what would happen. Would Jen manage to hold on until it was her turn, or would she… no, that couldn’t possibly happen…. could it? Given the way she was hobbling around in place, half-bent with her hands clasped between her thighs, it wouldn’t have been a stretch to say it could. Then again, she’d managed to hold it in for so long now, surely she could last just a few more minutes…

The person inside the bathroom was taking plenty of time doing their business, and Jen’s frustration was getting the better of her.

“Hurry up!” I heard her mutter through gritted teeth, her legs dancing in place as she bobbed up and down. Her accentuated movements were starting to draw glances from the surrounding passengers, but she didn’t seem to care one bit. She was at her absolute limit, holding on for dear life as she waited and waited for the bathroom to become free.

Finally, the door opened, and its occupant, a young girl, stepped out. The woman next in line began making her way forward. Just as she was about to step into the cubicle, however, she was brought to a halt by Jen, who’d suddenly reached out to grab her hand.

Jen looked up at the woman, her whole body trembling. “P-please, can… can I go in front of you…?” She indicated to the empty restroom, and although I couldn’t see her face, I knew her eyes were begging her. She’ll let Jen go, surely. Anyone can see just how desperate she is.

But the woman shook her head hurriedly. “I’m sorry, I really have to go as well. I’ll be quick, I promise!” She glanced back briefly with an apologetic expression before closing the door on Jen. The green lock on the door slid shut to the red occupied sign, leaving Jen hunched over, her torture unended. She leaned against the wall next to the door, her right hand fully squeezing her crotch, so tightly I could see the fabric of her pants stretching across her ass and thighs, being pushed up deep against her throbbing urethra.

As she turned to the wall, I caught a glimpse of her face, and etched across every inch of it was absolute pain and despair. Suddenly, I saw her shudder, the expression on her face intensifying as she snapped both hands to her crotch, leading forward at the waist as she pushed with all her might. Even as I watched, a tear rolled down her soft cheek as she began to break down for good, her limit all but surpassed. I stared at her, suddenly apprehensive, as if I were looking at a bomb that was about to explode at any second. Is it actually going to happen? Oh my god, is she actually going to —

She exploded.

My breath caught in my throat, eyes opened wide in shock and awe as I witnessed one of the most incredible things I have ever seen in my life. An absolutely massive wave of pee burst forth, flooding right through her pants before pouring onto the ground below. Jen stood frozen in place in total shock, her hands still glued to her crotch as she desperately fought to hold it back, but her efforts were in vain. Her fight was over, she had lost.

Her bladder burst totally and completely, an absolute torrent gushing straight down her legs as it drenched the entirety of her pants in mere seconds, splashing noisily onto the floor. Oh, the sound… it was loud. It wasn’t just some trickle of drops; it was a huge cascade, flowing down her legs like a great waterfall. Pee rained down between her legs like the rain of a torrential thunderstorm, powerful and endless, the splattering of urine onto the hard floor so loud it filled the entire cabin, drawing everyone’s attention.

Jen stood bent over, utterly mortified, breaking into tears as onlookers gawked at the remarkable scene that was unfolding in front of them. But I had the best seat in the house, literally just a few feet away, nothing blocking my view as my eyes trained on the figure in front of me. The way she stood, with her knees glued together and bent slightly down, only made the mess even worse. Wave after wave of pee pooled up at the top of her thighs, oozing out through the pants’ fabric before sloshing down her thighs and onto the growing lake on the floor.

I watched and watched, waiting for it to end, but it didn’t. On and on she peed, an utterly unfathomable amount of liquid pouring out of her, each and every drop splashing down to add to the ridiculous volume of liquid that gathered all over the floor around her. The urine had spread so much that I actually had to step back several feet just to avoid getting it all over my high heels. By the time the storm of her bladder finally came to an end, Jen stood shaking with sobs in the middle of a sea of her urine, leaning forward with her hands on her thighs as she hid her face in humiliation.

Before long, a group of flight attendants came hurrying down to address the situation, and I was quickly ushered back to my seat to clear the way so that the mess could be contained and cleaned. I sat in my seat, hardly able to believe what I had just seen, my heartrate still recovering from the excitement. Never in a million years would I have thought that I would witness that today when I had woken up this morning. But I did, and I saw everything, up close and personal. What an incredible sighting that had been. Although it was over, the image of Jen wetting herself in front of that bathroom was burned into my mind, and it was something that I would never forget.

The End

