When the teacher that won't let anybody use the bathroom has an accident

	(Short story. Illustration included)

Author: kruton

*000*2023-04-29 01:54

Miss Continence called the office and begged them to send somebody to watch her class, she told them it was an emergency, she didn't know how much longer she could hold on, but the office said nobody could watch her class. She stood stone still as the warm pee ran down her legs. The warmth made her shiver and goosebumps rose on her skin. She was desperate to pee, now she was desperately hoping nobody in her class would notice the dripping urine, the rapidly expanding puddle, and the burning shame in her cheeks. At least this was happening during a test, maybe nobody would look up and see Miss Continence peeing herself.

Emily, who had gotten many an undeserved tongue lashing from Miss Continence for always needing to use the bathroom, heard a tapping sound. She looked up from her test, looking for the inconsiderate person tapping their pencil, but the tapping wasn't from a student deep in thought. Emily looked at Miss Continence, she could easily see something was wrong. For a moment she felt concern because Miss Continence looked like she was about the cry. The tapping got louder and turned into constant running water. Was a pipe leaking? Maybe they would cancel the test. Emily smiled at the thought of the test being over, but what she saw next was better than canceling the test. She looked down, and saw pee rushing out from under Miss Continence's skirt. Emily covered her mouth, stifling a laugh. She knew it wasn't nice, and if it was anybody else she just might cry with them, but Miss Continence had a strict no bathroom policy. This was just too funny.

Emily poked her friend Ben and pointed at Miss Continence. Never being the one for subtlety Ben yelled out, "Miss Continence, are you peeing?" That made the entire class look up.

There were gasps, whispering, and quite a few chuckles. Emily though, she thought it was the funniest thing she had seen in her life, and couldn't hold back the laughter any more. She always had to run to the bathroom after class, and Miss Continence was getting some nice karmic payback. Through her laughs Emily said what Miss Continence always said to her, "Miss Continence, you need to wait until after class to go to the bathroom!"

Out of the images I generated I liked this one because she's trying to retain her composure. You can see embarrassment on her face. She's a mature woman, and a teacher, shouldn't be wetting herself. She's an adult, she can control her bladder, and now she's losing control over something she should always control. It's so humiliating. Whatever respect she had is rapidly exiting her body against her will. She wishes she could hold herself, maybe that would stop the pee, but she can't do that, she has to retain some control.

