Fortnite BR Desperation Fanfic

Author: keyaru-sama

*000*2018-06-30 15:05

Since I haven't seen any fortnite fanfics here yet, I decided to write one since I have been playing it non stop. If you guys have any ideas for this story on how to make it better, let me know. I'll add more characters as the story goes on. Tell me who do you guys want to see next.

Characters:

1) Zoey (same name)

2) Sparkle Specialist(Sam)

3) Brite Bomber(Bea)

4) Cuddle team Leader(Cath)

Introduction

Squad games in near the end of the season with the next one around the corner, players are all trying to rack up kills and victory royales before the season closes. With the continuous nerf to shotguns, smgs have become a bit powerful and reliable during matches. There has also been rumors spreading around that something changed with the Shields;small, large, slurp juice and chug jugs, but it is confirmed that they still give the same amount. But it is still a mystery, what is new with the Shields.

Scene 1

As the Battle bus prepares to leave spawn island, players are shooting each other, dancing and planning out thier tactics for the first part of the game.

Zoey: Victory Royale number 4 here we come. So what's the plan?

Bea:The bus is going from risky reels first, then tomato town, over dusty divot, factories 2.0, and finally flush factory. Let's play it safe and go to retail row once the bus is over dusty.

Cath: Seriously? Retail Row? C'mon, lets go to tilted towers. Lots of noobs to send back to the lobby and a ton of loot to grab.

Sam:I disagree. Remember the second game when we went tilted? You got knocked by a noob with a grey silenced smg. Your lucky Zoey was there with a SCAR.

Cath:My pump was dealing only 9 damage it wasn't my fault. Plus he had full Shields.

Bea:Enough! Cath it's to dangerous to go to tilted in this game. Since there is a challenge to eliminate 10 players there, I feel half the people in the game are going there, considering the fact that there are a lot of Battle pass owners here. It's decided, retail row it is.

Cath:Fine. But if any of you see a SCAR it's mine.

Zoey:Fine by me. I've been doing great with the FAMAS recently.

Scene 2

The squad jumps out the bus once over the divot, as predicted by Bea,nearly half the players are at tilted towers right now. As the squad heads to retail, they spot another team of default skins landing with them. But being the skilled players they are, they eliminated them easily.

Cath:What a bunch of noobs. They got killed by my SCAR easily.

Sam:Yeah, that's because you killed them after we took most of their Shields and health away. Plus you stole that scare while I was looting.

Bea:Would the both of you stop bickering. Please. Grab the weapons you need, the meds you can take and drink all the Shields you have. The next circle is near salty springs. I expect another team to come out of the divot before we get there so be ready.

They all drank their small and large Shields, nothing out of the ordinary. But Zoey's shield potion looks different. It has some yellowish color mixed with blue.

Zoey:Guys, does this shield look odd to you guys?

Cath:Looks the same to me. Stop whining and drink up already. The storm is already on it's way.

Zoey listening to what Cath said and ignoring the yellowish color, she drank her Shields as quickly as she can and followed the rest of her team. But at the bottom of the empty shield container says heavy Shields, offers more protection with side effects.

As expected, two teams were fighting outside of the divot. And they took advantage and eliminated them and got their loot.

Bea:Grab what you can carry, the storm is coming.

Scene 3

After narrowly escaping the storm and the enemy teams, they managed to arrive at salty springs where they managed to eliminate all the players there who are weak from previous fights and those who escaped the storm.

Bea: We can heal up for now. The next zone isn't that far, just south from here near fatal fields.

Sam:Nice job Zoey. 6 kills already. You're getting better and better.

Zoey:Thanks. I've been working on my aim for a while now all the hard work has payed off.

They headed to fatal fields as the last few seconds ticked before the storm moves again. While farming for materials, Zoey started to feel something weird happening to her. Her body is telling her something is wrong but she doesn't know what.

Bea:Zoey, are you good? Do you need any help or something?

Zoey:No I'm fine. Just need to catch my breath. That other team got me working out. I used half of my materials in that build fight.

Sam:Just be careful ok. I got a medkot and some mini Shields of you get shot or something.

Cath:Heads up! Squad of 3 coming from the south. Get ready, the're a group of black knights. Be careful, these guys are good.

Nearly suriving the Battle, the squad quickly heals up before the storm come near them. The final circle is located my moisty mire.

Sam:2 teams left. Let's head to the zone and build a fort there. We can take them on if we got the high ground on them.

Bea: then we have to move now. We can launch pad to moisty. It'll save us half the time. Plus we can see if there is another team there already.

Scene 4

With being the first team to reach moisty mire, they made a fort in order to get the high ground on the opposing teams. While the squad is preparing for the remaining teams,Zoey on the other hand is distracted by the flowing water in moisty. She starts fidgeting and feeling uncomfortable in her situation.

Sam:You need any help?

Zoey:No I'm fine Sam. I just haven't got a kill since we left fatal fields. I almost got knocked when I charged that one knight with the shotgun.

Sam:It's not your fault. You know they have been nerfing shotguns for the last couple of weeks. Just be careful okay.

Bea:Here they come. A full team coming from North, a team of 3 coming from fatal fields.

The team coming from fatal we're easily taken care of since most of them are noobs. The team from the north ate challenging though. A massive build fight occurred before the final circle closes. The rest of the enemy team were eliminated. It was Zoey vs a Havoc at the top of the structure. Just as she was about to finish Havoc off, she felt something in her abdomen, specifically her bladder. At that moment she froze and got knocked by havoc with a shotgun. At that moment, Zoey felt something come out if her. It was wet, and hot. More and more started to come out when havoc was hitting her with the harvesting tool. Zoey then realized that she needed to pee, and she was frozen in fear with little health remaining. Luckily Sam was able to finish Havoc of with her Heavy Shotgun.

Sam:Zoey, you alright? What happened?

Cath:She choked. That's what happened.

Zoey:No. I felt something. Something is odd. This has never happened to me before.

Cath:Admit it. You just can't handle high pressure build fights.

Bea:That's enough. We can talk about this in the lobby.

Zoey was trying to hide the fact the real reason she choked was because she was desperate to pee. But she was too embarrassed to talk about it, even with Sam since they were like Sisters. She then tried to think what made her feel that since it had never happened before. She the. Remembers the shield potion with the yellowish color. She realized that the shield potions can make one's bladder full.

To be continued....

New chapter coming soon.

$$

$$

$$

$$

*004*2018-08-28 10:57

I hope everyone enjoyed the first chapter of the story. I'm gonna try to update the story as much as I can and I hope everyone enjoys reading it. Also if you guys want to see some more characters (or skins) comment which ones you guys wanna see and I will try to add them in. Thank you once again for the positive feedback and I will see you guys in the next one.

Previously:

Shotguns are nerfed even more along with new things with the shield potions in game are told to do something different but nothing out of the usual has been reported. A squad of 4 (Zoey, Sam, Bea, and Cath) try to earn more wins before the season ends. Zoey is the first to learn of what is new with the shield potions, they now add more protection. But it has some effects to it, it makes one's bladder feel full in a while after drinking it. Zoey nearly wetting herself at the end of the game, was too embarrassed to talk to her teammates about the new effects to the shield potions so she kept that information to herself, for now.

Introduction:

The squad prepares for their 5th victory royale of the day. After the tilted towers challenge still at play, it is still not a good idea to land in tilted unless you are as good as ninja or still have to complete your challenge. Also just a few hours ago, the rocket has launched from the base by snobby shores, the aftermath includes parts from the rocket crashed across the map, and the large rip seen on the sky.

Scene 1

Sam:That rocket launch was insane don't you guys think. I thought for sure it was gonna hit tilted.

Cath:Luckily it redirected and it didn't blow it up. I still wanna kill some noobs there.

Bea:That could be done for another time. Until then, it's still to dangerous to land in tilted. I'm thinking we should go to risky reels, since the bus is coming from the south west, risky is the last stop and little to no players are expected to land their.

Cath:As much as I hate to argue, you're right. Players are lucky if they are able to cross the divot just to reach tilted.

Sam:Zoey, how about you? You feeling better now?

Zoey:Yeah. I'm feel a lot better now. I just hope I don't get blasted by a default skin.

Cath:Just don't choke this time alright. If you get knocked again I ain't picking you up.

Bea:Just get ready. Sam, keep an eye on Zoey if anything goes wrong. And Cath, please don't go full try hard this time. Getting the victory royale is more important than getting your kills. So no BMing!

Cath:I'll try to resist the BM. But I will BM if I have to. It's gonna save us or it's gonna be the end of us.

Scene 2

The bus flies over from the south west. From Fatal fields, to retail row, Lonely Lodge, and finally, Risky Reels. As the squad makes it way to risky, they spot 2 teams landing with them. Nearly suriving the Landing the squad was lucky they were able to get the guns first and killed the rest of the enemy players.

Bea:That was too close. Is everyone alright?

Sam:I'm fine here. I didn't get too much damage.

Zoey:I'm good. Luckily there was a blue pump here.

Cath:I'm not. I got 3 kills and lost half of my life.

Zoey:I'll look for some bandages and some shields. I give you when I find some.

Cath:Hurry up and check those houses over there. Be quick. The storm is coming.

As the team loots what is left of risky, Zoey heads to the nearby houses in search of loot and some meds. She searched one house and found a blue ar, a green smg and a medkit. She checked the second house to find an lmg, some mini Shields and a large shield. But the large Shields look familiar. They are yellowish, just like the one she drank before. She doesn't wanna risk it so she drinks some of the mini Shields and gave the rest to Cath.

Zoey:This is all that I can find over there. Heal up and let's get going.

Cath:A med kit, 2 mini shields and a big shield. Finally you are worth having on this squad.

Bea:Stop whining and start drinking. The storm is coming. We are gonna launch pad to retail row just to outrun it.

Cath:Calm down and let me heal up. Build the ramp while I'm healing and I'll follow you there.

Sam:Just try not to get left behind. We're not going to get you if you get knocked in the storm or fall off the ramp.

Scene 3

As the storm approaches, the squad starts to build up so they can glide all the way to retail row. Midway through the flight, Cath starts feeling something. But she didn't mind it at all, she was focusing on the amount of enemies that there was at retail row.

Cath:I see 3 teams fighting each other. Build fight in progress to.

Bea:We can knock down that structure then attack them while they are weak. Sam, use your minigun to shoot down the main support of their build.

Sam:Give me more light ammo. I only have 100 left and this is not enough to take it down.

Zoey:You can have all of mine. I still have 200.

Cath:I can give you a 100.

Sam:This is enough. Get ready to rush them while the build is going down. It would probably knock whoever is on top.

Sam starts shooting down the massive build, while the rest of them charged the weak players. While knocking 2 players with her shotgun, Cath starts to feel pain in her abdomen. She was too busy paying attention to her abdomen that a carbide sneaked up on her and shot her, removing all of her shields she has on. Luckily she had a heavy shotgun with her and was able to hit him with a headshot. She noticed a small wet spot on her crotch. She tried to hide it while fighting the remaining team.

Bea:Cath are you alright?

Cath:I'm fine. That carbide took most of my shields though. But I'm still at full health.

Bea:I spotted some mini shields by the enemy's loot. You should go drink it before we head to the next circle.

Cath:I'll check it out. Get ready to move. The next circle is by Tilted.

Cath searched in the enemy loot for mini shields and also checked on the damage to her crotch. A wet spot the size of a golf ball is barely visible. She drinks the mini shields and follows her squad to tilted.

Drinking those mini shields was a horrible decision for her. She now really needs to go. She can either hold it in until the match is over, try to leak out a little, or let it all out in a bush. But being the try hard that she was, she has to stay in front where the action is, otherwise her teammates may think something is wrong. Luckily for her, she has a bladder of steel. But she can't hold it in forever. She has to let it all go somehow.

Bea: I spot a team of 3 on top of the mountain near the clocktower. An Omega, a black Knight and a Raven. Be careful, these guys could be trouble.

Sam: I think they are fighting someone. We should sneak up on them and take them by surprise.

Bea: Good idea. Cath, are you alright?

Bea noticed Cath fidgeting more often, a bit hard to see the wet spot by her crotch. But she is starting to leak.

Cath: Yeah I'm fine. Just catching my breathe. It was a long run trying to get away from the storm. I can knock the Omega out with my bolt if I can get a better position.

Sam: Try building up on that clocktower. You should have a clean shot from their. We will engage when you knock the Omega out.

Bea: Good idea. We'll let you know when they finish off the other team. Me, Sam and Zoey will push them from all directions.

Cath: Great idea. I'll head up there right now. Let me know when to take the shot.

With Cath being separated from the rest of the team, she has a opportunity to hold it together. But the agony awaits. She has to build up the clocktower to get a clean shot. With each build, it becomes more and more painful for her to hold it in.

Cath: C'mon Cath. You can hold it in. Just get shoot this stupid Omega and I can relieve myself while I'm up here. The others wouldn't know.

Sam: The enemy has finished off that squad. Cath you are clear to take the shot.

As Cath was preparing to take her shot, she starts leaking a bit more. Her wet spot is now visible from behind. But that didn't stop her from doing her task. She pulls the trigger, and knocks the Omega out with 230 damage to the head.

Bea: Nice shot. We will finish the last two. Stat where you are and try to snipe them out when you can.

Cath: Loud and clear.

But when she took the shot, the power from the bolt impacted her abdomen, causing her to leak even more. She tries to stop the flow but it almost got to her. She stopped it before a puddle of piss could form underneath her. But it's not over.

Zoey: Guys something is not wrong. These 3 guys are knocked. They have a fourth teammate.

A hunting rifle shot is heard from a mile away, knocking out Cath from the clocktower. It was a red knight, one of the best players out there.

The shot that knocked Cath out was too much. She couldn't hold it in anymore. She starts leaking, more and more, until the flood of piss comes out. She has wet herself. The wet spot is clearly visible. From the front and the back. Cath hasn't wet herself since she was five when she got locked outside her home at pleasant park.

Bea: Cath got knocked. The last player is on top of that hill.

Sam: Zoey, rocket ride me up there now.

Zoey: Okay. 3,2,1.... Jump.

The Sam rode on the rocket to reach the hill quickly, but by the time she reached the top, the red knight has already full killed Cath. Sam retaliated by spraying her with the minigun, giving them the victory royale.

Bea: What about Cath?

Sam: I think she got BMed.

Zoey: Maybe she is back in the lobby.

When the three went to check in on her, she has already left the lobby. A message says that the update is coming. She needs rest. And gg.

Sam: I think I'm gonna play some solos for a while.

Bea: Yeah. I'm gonna take a break. What about you Zoey?

Zoey: Yeah I'll rest for now. The update is in a couple of hours.

Sam: Go ahead. I'll check on Cath before the update goes live.

Bea: Alright. Let us know if she needs any help.

Bea and Zoey left the lobby, leaving Sam alone to play solos before season 5 goes live. Meanwhile Cath is sobbing in her own private lobby after what happened.

Cath: How could I have done that. I'm an adult now. I shouldn't be doing something unprofessional like that in my age. It was so humiliating. What if the team finds out? No. No one must find out about what happened.

She receives a message from Sam, *Are you alright? What happened?*

She replies *I'm fine. Just a little rage quit. I'm gonna practice for season 5 then I'll wait for the update to go live.*

Sam replies *Ok. I'm gonna play solos for a while. You are welcome to join me for some duos if you want.*

Cath replies * I'm good for now.*

To be continued...

P.S.

Sorry for not posting this update. It was supposed to come out a few hours before season 5. But I have been busy for the last few weeks. I might be able to post Sam's solo desperation story if I have time to spare. Season 5 stories are coming in a few days. Keep an eye out for that. Still thinking of Bea's wetting story. That's all for now.

*005*2018-08-28 12:03

So we are already midway through season 5. And I still haven't posted a story on that. But it's coming. For now here we have Sam (sparkle specialist) having some difficulties in solos. That's all for now and I hope you guys enjoy.

BTW this story was also meant to be posted before season 5 so I'm a bit late. Sorry about that.

Season 5 update drops in 2 hours. Players, this is your last chance to enjoy what there still is in season 4 before it all goes away. So enjoy the fun while it lasts, because something big is coming.

Sam is currently enjoying the last few hours of season 4. How else to end the season by dropping in tilted towers. Luckily for her, she finds herself a gold scar and a purple heavy shotgun. She clears out the main building before moving to the penthouse. If you have been playing since season 2, then you have a lot of advantages against other players suck as hidden chest spawns, best ramp pushes, and 200 iq plays. She pops a mini and a big shield before she engaged the few players in tilted.

She clears out the penthouse finding a golden bolt action sniper and a blue silenced smg. She checks for players that could be hiding in buildings in tilted towers, and manages to send them all back to the lobby. But she is low on shields and is at 60 health. With no meds or shield potions in sight, she decides to rotate to pleasant park. Knowing how the bus approached there is a small chance of players in pleasant park. While headed up to pleasant, she starts to feel something unpleasant in her stomach area, but she ignores it.

On the way, she spots some mini shields inside a shed.she drank it to reach at least 50 percent shield. Then at the gas station, she spots 2 slurp juice helping her reach full health and 75 percent shields. She reaches pleasant park, and as she knew, no one landed here. But what she didn't know, someone actually landed here. 2 default skins, who teamed up in solos to get their first win. As Sam finishes looting the modern house, she moves to the broken treehouse, were the 2 noob default skins set a trap for her. As she checked the chests on the roof, she heard footsteps coming from the basement. She pulls out her shotgun to take care of the threat. But these 2 noobs were smart. They did a hidden spike trap glitch to lower her health without her seeing the trap and avoiding it. And Sam fell for it. She got hit with the trap, causing her to leak a little. The 2 default skins tried to pickaxe Sam into the corner.

Sam: Wait! Wait! I surrender. I'll give you two your loot. Just don't pick axes me please. It would ruin my record.

Noob 1: Drop all your guns, meds, shields and materials.

Sam dropped everything in her inventory. All her mats, her weapons, ammo, meds, everything.

Sam: That's all of it. Now I'll just leave and pretend this never happened.

She was about to leave when one of the noobs noticed her fidgeting and her wet spot.

Noob 2: Wait a minute. What do we got over here. Aww does someone need to go use the bathroom?

Before Sam could respond the 2 default skins tie her up and cover her mouth with a bandana. So no one can hear her screams. The 2 tickle her and play with her, causing her to leak a bit. But they continued to tickle her. Sam was in complete agony. Already near wetting herself. The 2 noobs stopped when they noticed the storm was coming.

Noob1: Don't worry. We will be back when we got our victory royale.

Noob2: By then you'll find yourself already in the lobby.

The 2 default skins leave her there, still desperate to pee, with no guns to defend herself, no mats to get out of there in a launch pad and no meds to heal herself up. As the minutes goes by, she gets more and more desperate. But she was able to get their gamertags so if she does get out of their or get lost in the storm, she could report the 2 for teaming and harassment of another player. But it's gonna be a long wait for her. And she has already leaked twice.

Meanwhile, the 2 noobs have found themselves outside if pleasant near the circle.

Noob1: That was easy. Can't believe someone would fall for that.

Noob2: That victory royale is as good as ours.

But this is were karma hits them in the back. A visitor skin spots them and starts building up on them. He shoots at one of them, removing most of his shields. The 2 started panicking but the visitor got sniped. The 2 noobs loot the visitor's body.

Noob1: Easy loot for us.

Noob2: Yeah. Let's finish whoever sniped that loser.

When things just couldn't get any worse. The player that sniped the visitor is an old player, playing since season 1. The try hard of all tryhards, the player that feeds on noobs. The infamous Skull trooper has set his sights on the 2 noobs.

Meanwhile as the storm approaches pleasant park, Sam's predicament is getting worse. She is starting to loose control. With how the noobs tied her up, it's almost impossible to hold her crotch to apply pressure and hold it longer. But as the storm starts to reach pleasant, Sam lost all hope. She started to leak even more and a puddle of piss is starting to form by her butt. She couldn't hold it in anymore. As she starts to take damage from the storm, she has already wet herself. By the time the last drop of piss fell, she was lost to the storm.

She started spectating a familiar player. It was her old friend skull trooper. They met in random duos in season 1 when Sam was just a noob. Toby teacher Sam the ropes and how to play like a pro. At the moment, he was fighting off the two noobs who trapped her. One of them was trapped in a box while the other was trying to shoot him with a shotgun. Toby pulled out a trick up his sleeve, an RPG. Which he immediately destroys the first noob. Then makes fun of the last noob.

Skull Trooper: What's worng little fella? Lost your friend? Can't win without him? Here I have a new friend for you. It's called the stink bomb.

He opens the box the noob was in and throws one stink grenade in before he closes it again. The poor default skin didn't know what to do. He broke the wall to get out then shoots at To you with Sam's Scar. But he had another friend, the impulse grenade. He threw it at the poor noob which sends him flying over the cliff, giving toby the victory royale.

After the game, Sam and Skull trooper met up in the lobby, where Sam told him all the things those 2 noobs have done. Luckily for Toby, he knew someone in the system. He filed a report of the 2 default skins for teaming in solos, harrassing another player and glitching in the game with the invisible trap.

The report was received and the 2 noobs were called in. Because of the violations against the rules of fortnite, the 2 noobs were instantly struckt by the ban hammer.

That's it for this story. It's a bit word and different from the first two but since this is in solos, there is not much dialogue I can put in.

Let me know what you guys think of this one and do you like this format of story telling instead of the first 2.

Season 5 desperation story coming later this week, featuring The new skins added in season 5.

*007*2018-09-27 13:11

Okay that took way too long. I apologize for the delay on these stories and season 6 is already here. Because of that here is a sun strider desperation then i would make a Brite bomber bondage story (eventually). I apologize for the delay and you guys can count on more stories coming in.

1 week before the loot lake cube event...

It was a hot sunny day as summer is coming to an end, as well as the 5th season. So to celebrate the last few weeks of season 5, a mysterious dj has invited all players to a end of summer party at loot lake. Rook is managing the party and is making sure that everything is going to be fine. But of course, there will be noobs there who probably can't swim, even if the lake is like 1 feet deep. So rook hired sun strider, the young life guard that works at lazy links and the hotel at paradise palms.

Rook: Alright sun strider, you will be monitoring the lake and everyone around it at the center of the lake, on top of the house. Sun tan specialist would monitor the factories and would rotate around to the modern house. I trust you can do this task.

Sun Strider: Don't worry boss, you can count on me. I've been on life guard duty at lazy links and paradise palms. I know what I'm doing. I assure you no noob will drown on my watch.

Rook: Besides the fact that this lake is nearly 1 foot deep, keep an eye on players with high k/d. John Wick and Black Knight said that they would be present at the party, and with that high concentration of players they might go for free kills.

Sun Strider: Suntan Specialist has my back. Plus Drift and Raptor volunteered to watch the tryhards.

Rook: Alright then I'm counting on you, I'll be by the docks waiting for the dj.

Rook dismissed Sun Strider just when she was about to ask her if there are restrooms inside the building. She message her asking the question. There is one. So Sun Strider is fine, for now. She kinda needs to use the restroom but knowing she is the only one that can enter the house, she can hold it as long as she likes.An hour goes by after the end of summer party started. It was scorching hot that day. Despite the heat, Sun Strider is still doing g her job because she is already used to the heat. Plus she has a ton of slurp juice and a chug jug if she needs to rehydrate. She kinda needs to go but she thought to herself maybe she could hold it in. See if she can hold it until the end of the party. Plus suntan specialist can handle a fight if anything comes up, also with drift and raptor keeping an eye on the tryhards.

Sun Strider: Why am I so into this feeling? The need to go but I refuse to. I'm enjoying it. I wonder how long I can last?

Another hour goes by and she drank 2 slurps, and still hasn't touched the chug jug. Her needs grow every minute passing but she refused to go. She is enjoying the feeling of holding a lot in her bladder, and she wants to make it last before that feeling goes away. As she was checking the south part of the lake, she heard footsteps from down stairs. She thought it could be a tryhard, so she picked up her pump just in case. As she was looking downstairs, she leaked a little bit but was able to contain it without causing too much damage. As she looked around the corner, she was surprised to see who it was. It was Snorkel ops, her best friend.

Sun Strider: What are you doing here? You know we can't hang out while I'm on duty. What if rook finds out.

Snorkel Ops: Relax. I talked to rook earlier if I can join you here. She agreed since there are a ton of people showing up. Whoever this dj is, it's attracting a lot of attention.

Sun Strider: Yeah I could use the company. It gets boring when sun tan specialist isn't around. Let's head to the roof. I have a chug jug that needs to be chugged.

Another hour goes by as more and more people are showing up. The dj has already arrived and is setting up. The event would start before the sun sets. But Sun Strider is starting to feel very uncomfortable, she is fidgeting from side to side trying to hold in her need to go. But all that fidgeting caught snorkel ops' attention.

Snorkel ops: Are you alright? You're fidgeting a lot there.

Sun Strider: Yeah I'm fine. I just needed to stretch my legs since I've been here for a while.

Sun Strider really needs to go know. She could feel her bladder about to burst at any second. But it turns out snorkel ops was having the same problem.

Snorkel ops: Hey can I ask you something?

Sun Strider: Sure what is it?

Snorkel Ops: Is there a bathroom here? I really have to go for a while now and I've been holding it since I got here. There were no bathrooms around and I can't go here without rook's permission.

Sun Strider: Yeah there is one down stairs. But do you think you can hold it? Because I kinda need to pee since this morning but I want to see if I can hold it as long as I can. But you came and I didn't want to leave my post.

Snorkel ops: To be honest I kinda like holding it in too. I was just too embarrassed to tell you that when I got here. Alright then, I challenge you to a holding competition. We have to drink these chug jugs and hold it as long as we can.

Sun Strider: Oh you're on. Hand me a chug jug.

Both of them finished their chug jugs as the show was about to start. The mystery dj was DJ Yonder, the llama prince. The music could be heard all the way to lonely lodge. But these two girls couldn't focus on the music. They were busy trying to hold in a day's worth of pee. They were both dancing and fidgeting around trying to hold it in. Sun Strider leaked once while snorkel ops already leaked twice.

Sun Strider: I don't know how much longer I can hold it. It feels like I'm gonna burst.

Snorkel ops: I know that feeling. I think I'm gonna piss myself right here.

Sun Strider: Oh shit! I'm leaking. Ahhhhhh. Ahhhhhh. It's ok. I managed to stop the flow, but a spurt came out.

Snorkel Ops: Oh crap. I leaked too. Is there a wet spot on? How big is it?

Sun Strider: Yup, there is one. It's the size of a tennis ball. Can you check if there is a spot on my shorts?

Snorkel ops: Yeah but it's not that big. Probably the size of a ping pong ball. But I'm gonna hold it in until I can't. I want to see how long I can keep it in.

Sun Strider: Same here. But I feel like I won't last any longer. I might just go right here.

Snorkel ops: Then I'll go here too.

They both hold it in as long as they can, but it's not easy for each of them. They are literally stopping the dam from flooding their pants. 2 hours goes by and the wetspot on snorkel ops' pants are as big as a football, the size of the wetspot in sun strider's shorts are just a bit smaller. Both of them are nearly about to burst. But the event has ended and everyone is starting to leave. Rook calls sun strider to check on her.

Rook: Sun Strider, we're all done here. The party was a big success. Surprisingly, chaos didn't erupt for once. I'm heading out. Sun Tan specialist already went home minutes ago. Just take the boat snorkel ops used to get back to the docks.

Sun Strider: Yup. I'll fix my stuff and head out.

Snorkel ops: Uhh Sun Strider? I don't think I can hold it anymore. I'm gonna burst right now.

Sun Strider: I think I might go here as well.

The two girls can no longer hold it in anymore. They try to he it in but they have already reached their limit. Their bladders have gave up and a day's worth of pee came out. Their two pee puddles combined to form a mini loot lake. They took a look of the damage done. Both of their pants are fully drenched in piss. After they finished, they both played in their little pee puddle.

Sun Strider: That felt so good. Letting go all of that is the greatest feeling I ever had.

Snorkel ops: Same here. Do you want to do this again? Just the two of us. Drinking and holding it in.

Sun Strider: I would love to. Meet my by lonely lodge tomorrow. Bring a ton of slurp juice and I know where to buy a ton of chug jugs.

Snorkel ops: See you there.

That's all for that one. Hope you guys enjoyed that story. I'll make sure I would post the next one and make stories from multiple seasons.

You guys have the chance to choose a name for these 2 characters. Just comment down a name for a character you like and I'll be choosing the best one.

BTW epic games added a pee desperation emote into the game. How cool is that?

*009*2018-10-01 11:08

Part 2 of the sun strider story. Since I can't think of any creative name for the characters, I'll just use their skin names for now. Remember you guys can choose what their names are. I'll pick the best one. Comment down below what their names should be. Now let's get back to the story. Hope you guys enjoy this one.

Season 6 is finally here. After the end of summer party at loot lake, people are talking about that the cube was headed there, and the were right. The cube melted in the water and days later, the island in the center was raised to the sky. New areas around the map as well containing dark secrets and mysteries. But that didn't stop Sun Strider and Snorkel ops from having another "fun time." Ever since the loot lake party, those two have enjoyed holding their little fetish. So they decided to do it again, this time somewhere more private where no one is at, a place like lonely lodge.

Sun Strider: I have everything we need to enjoy ourselves. TV, drinks, snacks, and a whole lot of mini shields.

Snorkel Ops: I brought 4 chug jugs, 2 for each of us. I also have a ton of slurps.

Sun Strider: Then what are we waiting for? Let's enjoy ourselves shall we? I'm pretty sure no one will bother us.

Snorkel Ops: Cheers to that.

Meanwhile in lonely lodge, the government has once again are back on the map with private operations, the last time they were here was when the meteor crash. They were investigating the areas that used to have low gravity when the cube was roaming the map. They sent one of their best spies, Elite agent and Trailblazer to investigate the dark areas and figure out what the shadow cubes are.

Elite agent: Command, this echo checking in we are approaching the area.

Trailblazer: Command, this is tango, I'm on echo's 6. We have arrived at the location. No bogeys in site.

Command: Agents Echo and Tango, your mission is to scout the dark areas near our bunker here in wailing woods. You are also tasked to bring back a sample of the cubes found in that area. Once you enter we will not be able to communicate with you because of the cube's interference.

Elite Agent: You can count on us. We'll bring you back those cubes and information on what is happening here.

Trailblazer: Echo and Tango out.

An hour goes by and the 2 are searching the area for clues that could tell them what really happened here after the loot lake phenomenon. They were able to acquire one of the cubes and after Trailblazer touched one, she became invisible for 45 seconds.

Elite Agent: What happened to you? You touched that thing for one second and you vanished before my eyes.

Trailblazer: I don't know. I can't describe what I just felt. When I vanished I was jumping around really high and I was able to phase through buildings.

Elite Agent: Command will find this information interesting. I'll contain one then we'll finish checking the area.

Little did Trailblazer know that those cubes cause other effects to the body, specifically the bladder. It's only a matter of time when this becomes a problem for her.

Meanwhile back at lonely lodge, Sun Strider and Snorkel ops are having another pee holding contest. They seemed to be enjoying themselves. 2 hours have gone by when they started drinking minis and slurps. Sun Strider needed to go 6/10 while Snorkel Ops needed to pee 8/10 since she always had a small and shy bladder.

Sun Strider: What's wrong? Does this little girl need to go pee pee?

Snorkel ops: No, I just had too much to drink. You know I don't have a bladder of steel like yours.

Sun Strider: You only drank 4 minis and a slurp. I already finished half of my drinks.

Snorkel ops: Then let's cut it to the chase then. Chug Jug drinking Contest right now. First to finish wins without leaking themselves. If you leak once you have to do it again.

Sun Strider: Oh you're on. Just don't piss yourself when you start drinking.

Back in wailing woods, elite agent touched the shadow cubes again when she was attempting to contain one. While she was busy trying to get one, Trailblazer was searching the areas for any clues on what could possibly happen. But she also needs to go badly. She hasn't used the bathroom since this morning and she drank 2 chug jugs last night. And the shadow cubes double the amount that is in her bladder, so she is holding 4 chug jugs inside.

Trailblazer(whispering to herself): Oh shit. I knew I should have gone to the toilet before I left this morning. I really need to go so bad. But I can't just leave Elite agent here on her own. I have a job to do. I just have to hold it in until we get back.

Attempting to reload some of her weapons, she accidentally throws a shockwave grenade, causing her to launch not really far but it caused a shock to her bladder. Which caused her to leak a bit in her shorts.

Trailblazer: Uggh, I just wet myself. I can't let Elite agent see me like this. I really need to go and I don't know how much I can hold it in. It's ok. I've got the information we need, elite agent finally got one of the cubes. I just have to hold it until we get back.

Elite Agent: Just got word from command. They said that something formed in loot lake, a vortex of some sort around the floating island. We're tasked to check it out.

Trailblazer: Oh yeah great. Pee lake, Pee lake... I mean loot lake. Yeah let's go check it out.

Elite agent: Are you alright? You're trembling for some reason. And you're fidgeting a lot to.

Trailblazer: No I'm fine. Just excited to check out the toil- I mean lake. Yeah let's go. (I'm gonna piss myself before we even get there.)

The 2 spies head to loot lake to check on the activities happening their. Trailblazer really needs to go bad, but Elite agent will soon have that problem thanks to those shadow cubes.

Back to lonely lodge, Sun Strider and Snorkel ops are racing to see who can finish thier Chug Jug first. Sun Strider, being used to these drinking contests, is already halfway through. Snorkel ops on the other hand finished quarter of her drink. Sun Strider finishes just as Snorkel ops has a fewmoredrops left. Sun strider's bladder is about 8/10 full which means she really needs to go know. But things aren't looking too good for Snorkel ops, just as she finished her chug jug she reaches the limits of how much her bladder can hold.

Snorkel Ops: Ugh. Mmmm. I don't think I can hold it anymore. I'm literally gonna burst.

Sun Strider: If you can't just go already.

Snorkel Ops: I can't. I won't go here. These pants are new and I'm not gonna soil them the first time I wore these.

Sun Strider: Then let me help you. Come here. *Starts to tickle snorkel ops*

Snorkel Ops: No please! I'm gonna piss myself right here. Ohh shi...

Snorkel Ops finally let out what she was holding in all day. She fully wet herself covering the front and back of her pants with piss. While Sun Strider continues to laugh, her need grows.

Sun Strider: Welp there goes your new pants. Now you're gonna have to buy a new pair.

Snorkel ops: It's not funny. I just got these new jeans and now they're already soiled.

Sun Strider: You knew we were gonna do this and you still chose to wear those new pants. That's on you

Snorkel Ops: Nope. You're gonna get what's coming to you.

Sun Strider: Yeah I'm just gonna go...

Snorkel Ops: Ohh no. You're not going anywhere.

Sun Strider: Wait. Where are you taking me?

Snorkel ops: You'll see. I'm gonna enjoy this, but you won't.

Meanwhile, the two agents finally arrived at loot lake. As they monitor the area for any unusual activity, Trailblazer's getting close to wetting herself. And while she is holding in what she drank last night, Elite agent is trying to hide the fact that she needs to relieve herself. Just like Trailblazer, she forgot to go before they left and know she needs to release at least 10 minis that she drank last night. As well as 4 slurp juices.

Elite Agent(whispering to herself): Mmm. I really need to use the toilet. But I can't just abandon Trailblazer here and the mission. I just have to hold it in. You can do it Echo. You haven't wet yourself since you were 8, and your not gonna relive that experience again. I'm just gonna have to hold it in until we get back to the bunker.

Trailblazer (whispering to herself): That lake isn't helping my case. That running water sound is gonna make me piss myself right here with Elite Agent. No that's not gonna happen. You held it long enough, your not gonn- oh shit.

Trailblazer starts to leak again. The sound of running water from the lake is making her need grows. There is a wet mark at the back of her ass that is the size of a tennis ball. Luckily for her, she wears dark pants so it won't be noticable.

Elite Agent: Are you alright? You're trembling again.

Trailblazer: Yeah I'm fine. Just excited you know? New areas, new places to pee- I mean to visit, new items to pee on- I meant use...

Elite agent: Are you sure you're alright? You're fidgeting a lot there.

Trailblazer: Yeah I'm fine. So how do we get on top of the island.

Elite agent: You see that vortex at the center of the lake? Players who've been here said that you can glide upwards in there.

Trailblazer: You mean we have to cross the lake and all that water? Heheh. Seems easy enough.

Elite agent: Yup. Let's go (I'm gonna piss myself if I try to cross that lake.)

Trailblazer: (I'm screwed. I'm gonna piss myself right now)

Back at lonely lodge...

Snorkel Ops: You still think tickling me is funny?

Sun Strider: Snorkel Ops please untie me from this tree. I need to go really badly. I'm really sorry I tickled you and made you wet yourself. Now can you please until me? I'm bursting.

Snorkel Ops: Nope. You're gonna suffer the same fate as I did. And this time, you're gonna get more than just tickling.

Sun Strider: What are you doing? Wait don't cover my mou...mmmfm

Snorkel ops: There, now I can think to myself. Now I'm just gonna tie this rope around your arms and your legs, then your nice full bladder. Ohh it's bloated a bit. Does it hurt if I push on it? Let's find out.

Sun Strider: Nnnnmf. Mmmm. Snmmm...I nnn pfff...

Snorkel ops: What was that? You need to do what? I can't hear you, you have to speak up. Oh what do we have here? Leaking, no no no your gonna have to hold it longer than that. So I'm gonna take this camera and I'm gonna put record on. And you have to hold it until I get a fresh pair of pants which would take me about an hour or 2. And if you piss yourself while I'm gone I'm gonna send this video to everyone on the island.

Sun Strider: Nnnmf. Mmmmmm... Hmmmf...

The 2 agents finally reached the top of the floating island on loot lake. While gliding in the way up, Elite Agent leaked a bit when she opened her legs while trying to activate her glider, causing her to let out a stream of pee. It's not entirely visible since her jeans are dark. As for Trailblazer, scaling the island and having to hold in her pee was tormenting for her. She leaked 2 or 3 times while gliding up and now the wet stain on her pants are getting visible, but she managed to hold it in.

Once they reached the top of the island they investigated the area for any signs of players present, but no one has reached the area just yet. While searching around, Elite agent pees herself a little, causing another stream to come out. Her pants are starting to get a bit darker, especially in the crotch region. Trailblazer on the other hand is literally trying to hold herself in, wimpering and bouncing up and down trying to stop the stream from flowing. But another wave hits and causes her to leak a bit more. All of her bouncing caught Elite agent's attention.

Elite Agent: Trailblazer are you sure you're fine? Your bouncing quite a lot. And why does your pants look wet, we barely got splashed trying to climb up.(Also bouncing a bit but not noticeable)

Trailblazer: You see... the truth is... I REALLY NEED TO PEE. I've been holding it in since this morning but I haven't got the chance to go to the toilet because we were called to the command center.(Now bouncing even more now)

Elite Agent: Well that makes the two of us. I also wasn't able to use it this morning and I forgot to go last night as well. Worse part is when I checked the restroom inside the house it's out of order. So we're gonna have to find somewhere else to relieve ourselves.

Trailblazer: I might not make it down this stupid island. I think I might burst right here. I really can't hold it in anymore.

Elite agent: Mmmm. I'm starting to think the same thing. I'm starting to reach my limit. Ohh shit, I'm leaking again. Mmmmmm. No it was just a stream. I was managed to stop the flow but I don't know how much longer I can keep it in.

Both agents are literally bouncing around and trying to hold in their pee and stopping the flow. Both of their pants have visible wetspots and are noticeable. But Trailblazer wasn't gonna go in public. Even on top of a floating island.

Trailblazer: That cave over there. I'm gonna go in there so I can discreetly pee myself.

Elite agent: Ok you go first. I'll pee in the corner somewhere inside the cave.

As they both entered the cave, Trailblazer and elite agent leaked even more. They are both close to reaching their limits.

Trailblazer: Ohhj shit. I can't unbuckle my pants. It's stuck I can't get it off. I might just piss in these pants.

Elite agent: I wore my smaller pair this morning. I can't pull these pants down either. Ohh shit, I'm leaking even more.

As they are desperately trying to remove their pants, their need is just greater. They both have finally reached their limit. Elite agent and Trailblazer have fully pissed themselves, causing them to soak both of their jeans front and back. They are embarrassed of themselves but are relieved to finally empty an entire day worth of piss from their bladder.

Trailblazer: That felt so good...

Elite agent: Yup. Ahhhhhh. I'm relieved I no longer have to experience that torture again.

Trailblazer: Can we both agree that no one should know about what happened here today. If anyone asks back at command why we are soaking wet, we tell them...

Elite Agent: ...we fell in the lake by accident. Got it. No one must find out what happened here.

The 2 agents after releasing an entire day's worth of piss, went down the island in soaking wet jeans and headed back to command with Intel about the shadow areas. But as for sun strider, she has been holding it in for the entire past hour. She was able to stop any sort of leak from her bladder but her need grows even more. After an hour and a half, Snorkel Ops finally returned.

Snorkel Ops: Wow you actually held it in this entire time. I thought you were gonna piss yourself after I left but you actually have a bladder if steel. No leaks either. The video is yours. Now let's get this little ball gag out and...

Sun Strider: ...hhhaaaave you lost your mind? I've been dying to pee for an hour now I feel like I'm holding twice as much than before. I'm gonna burst.

Snorkel Ops: Then just go. No one else is here besides me.

Sun Strider: Oh shit. Ahh. Ahhhhhh. Aaaahhhhh. I'm leaking a lot. Oh shit I'm pissing myself right here.

Snorkel Ops: There we go. Let it all out baby.

Sun Strider: Oh it feels so good.

Snorkel Ops: Now we're even. I brought you some extra clothes inside. Then we can eat before we leave. Now let's get you untied from that tree.

Sun Strider: Alright, we're even. But that whole tying me to the tree thing was too much. I could have easily wet myself if you tickled me.

Snorkle ops: I know. But I want to make it fun.

After changing clothes, they both went inside to have a quick break before heading home.

Snorkel Ops: Hey Sun Strider. I saw something interesting while I went to change clothes. You know Elite agent and Trailblazer?

Sun Strider: Yeah, the 2 agents from the government. Last time I saw them was when the meteor hit dusty divot. Why did you ask?

Snorkel Ops: While walking back here, I saw them sneaking around crates, they look like they were trying to sneak up on someone. But when I took a closer look, they were just hiding.

Sun Strider: Hiding what?

Snorkel Ops: Their wet undies. Yup I think they just pissed themselves. I also got a clear picture of them.

Sun Strider: Oh my God that must be so embarrassing for them. You should totally post it online.

Snorkel Ops: Nah. The government would be onto us. I have another idea though. It would be useful for our next little "fun time."

Sun Strider: I'm listening...

Well that's all for that story. To be continued. BTW the Brite bomber story is coming soon. Just wait on that one. You guys can still choose a name for the character in this story. Comment what their names would be and I'll pick the best one and shout you guys out on the next story.

That's all for now. Thank you for reading and be sure to read my previous stories and have a good day.

