Xenobiology

Author: Krieger963

*000*2024-12-20 10:26

MC&D Colonial Enterprises

Prospecting and Indexing Division

Prospect 155

Subject: Pria'Nunia'Vosha

Position: Research Assistant

Assignment: P155/i/Reed

Sol 14

###

I knew what I signed up for. I did! I promise! I read the contract over a dozen times, front to back, top to bottom, as the Humans insist on! One hundred and seventy-eight sols, six months by their reckoning of time. I can barely remember my own original view of things at this point, having spent so long working alongside this team on Earth, then even longer in transit to the frontier world they call Prospect 155.

I tell myself this, over and over, as the excitement of my dreams coming true, of all I've ever wanted finally being right in front of me, slowly fades, and reality creeps it's way in, like the cold of night on the homeworld. Yes, it's everyhting I'd ever hoped for and more, so many exciting new experiences. So much real, actual exploring and adventure. Unfortunately, with everything one could expect often comes things no one would ever think to expect. Take exploring an uncolonized world for example. One might expect rich natural beauty, untouched resources, possibly hostile wildlife, and the more imaginative may think of things like fantastical scientific mysteries, or sexy alien babes (pssh), but one may not imagine dull scientific analysis, hard days of labor, and rustic living arrangements, to put it mildly. In all seriousness, just having a working toilet was a lot harder than I expected.

"Pria! You get those scans compiled yet?"

I shake my head, realizing I'd been ruminating again, and return to my work. Collecting data may be dull, but it's part of the job, and not everything can be all big adventure. I take a sip from my canteen, noticing i'd nearly drained it at this point, and turn toward the sound of the voice. "Just about done over here, June. How're you doing?"

"Same here. With any luck, these'll be the last of the soil and plant matter samples Doctor Reed will need from this site for a while." June says, appearing from behind a large, reddish tree root. A light sweat caused a few loose hairs to cling to her forehead. Humans are odd like that, I reflect, exuding water from their skin to cool themselves off. My people, the Neffel, use our long tails as a sort of heat sink, with special blood vessels running the length of them, and a reflexive movement which also responds to our current mood.

Much to our chagrin, the humans seem to find this rather cute.

"I agree. Trees with iron in their cells are interesting and all, but the humidity in this area is literally killing me." I said, punctuating my words by downing the last of my gloriously cool water.

June looks at me, a mischevious glint in her eyes and a smirk on her lips. "Are you sure that was a good idea? Let's not forget what happened last week."

Embarrassment washed over me at the memory, and I am powerless to stop the deep orange blush and embarrassed tail swishing that follow. Of course I remember, being too embarrassed to, ahem, go in the field like Molly and Eric did, and having to practically sprint out of the rover about a kilometer or two from the research station to avoid soiling myself. I'm not a prude, I tell myself, I was just... put off by the prospect of exposing myself in the presence of humans. Yeah, that's it, we're so different, who knows how the conversation would be afterward? And what if my bodily fluids end up making them sick? I mean, Doctor Mises says that's impossible, but he could be wrong, right?

I'm pulled from my internal rambling by Daniel clearing his throat. He stood with his large, high caliber gun cradled in his arms as if it were part of him, which wouldn't surprise me considering I've never seen him actually put it down. "If y'all're about ready," he said, "We outta get a move on. Doctor Patel just called over sayin there's a pretty strong weather pattern formin over here, could wash out the trails 'n such. We don't wanna get stuck out here if we can help it."

"Right." I shook away the last of my racing thoughts. "Plus, analyzing rainfall will probably need as many hands on it as possible. We should try to rush back if possible." I said, cleverly disguising another subconsicous desire to get home quickly. I idly rub my abdomen as I work to gather the last of the data and make sure the scanners are secured for a storm. I just barely notice June shaking her head out of the corner of my eye.

###

It took us about half an hour to load everything we were taking with us onto the rover. Doctor Patel recommended we retrieve some of the equipment we initially expected to leave in place out of an abundance of caution. By the time we were done, the sky was beginning to darken. It was too early for the local star to be setting just yet, though it was a contributor, and a quick look through the thick canopy confirmed Doctor Patel's warning about weather approaching us. It certainly did not help the humidity, I mused as I tentatively drank yet more chilled water in an attempt to lower my core temperature. A smuch as I hated to admit it, I did have a mild need to use the bathroom, but I could definitely wait until we returned to the research center. It was only about 16 kilometers away, and didn't take us more than about 45 minutes to get out here.

As I was approaching the door to the rover, ready to finally be out of this stifling humidity and heat, Daniel swung the door open.

"Ready to go?" he asked, stepping down off the tall vehicle. He stood head and shoulders above me.

"Yes, everything's loaded and secure." I said, June nodding as she came up behind me.

"I'll be the judge of that." He said over his shoulder as he approached the woodline. "Just let me take care of something first."

"Take care of-" My words caught in my throat as Daniel suddenly undid the button and zipper on his pants. I swiftly turned away from him as an even deeper shade of orange blush overtook my pale yellow features, and I made a conscious effort to plant my tail on the ground between my feet.

"Pssh. Such a gentleman." I heard June say in a tone I had learned meant sarcasm, passing me as she moved to enter the rover. "Still, you ought to go too, little miss perfect." More sarcasm, but a good point all the same. Maybe I should go, just in case. Daniel will be done soon, and occupied with checking the load. Afterall, I need to get over this pointless-

A drop of water striking my tail sent a shiver up my spine. I looked up, and noticed the sky had darkened significantly. Daniel seemed to notice the same, as he hurriedly stowed his gear and redid his pants. "Shit." he said, "Climb on in, Miss Pria. We won't outrun the storm at this rate but we should still be able to get clear of the jungle before itgpuck up too much."

I obeyed his command, pulling myself into the tall vehicle and sliding over to the center of the rear bench. Daniel followed me in soon after, apparently satisfied with Mine and June's packing job as he turned the engine over and started our trek back to base.

"Right on time." June said, looking into the wing mirror at our load and the remaining equipment we left behind.

"We're not out of the woods yet. Doctor Patel wasn't kidding when he said it'd be some strong weather. Wind's pickin up and this rain's looking like it's gonna be heavy." Daniel said, flicking on the navigation system and floodlights.

I whimpered quietly to myself.

###

About thirty minutes passed with the usual banter between us. Well, between June and Daniel. My mind was elsewhere. Daniel was right about the rain being rather heavy. Large, likely stinging droplets drummed constantly on the thinly armored roof of the vehicle, and it became difficult to see in any direction not lit by our egregious floodlights. Conversation did eventually die out, as Danile began needing to focus on driving. With nothing better to do, and hoping to take my mind off a certain mounting pressure, I found myself looking myself over in the large rearview mirror, comparing myself to the two Humans I find myself with today.

We aren't all that dissimilar on the outside. Two arms ending in hands with opposible thumbs, though I only had 4 fingers on each hand; two legs ending with feet, though I had longer and fewer toes, which took some time to discover; a robust, upright frame, though I was more slender than any healthy human, and had a tail; mostly hairless bodies, and I even lacked the fine whispy hairs the humans were covered in; a head atop our shoulders, with two eyes and ears, though my eyes are larger and my ears long and pointed; additionally, being a female, and what humans would likely classify as a mammal, I had a vagina, and breasts, small compared to most adult human women I've met, but decent for my people. I once heard a young human call me a tiefling, and looked it up later. He wasn't entirely wrong, we have the sharp teeth, odd skin tone, pointed ears and tail, but no horns, and certainly aren't infernal in nature.

A sudden change in inertia caused by Daniel turning sharply caused the safety restraint to press into my abdomen, and I clenched my teeth and pressed my thighs together.

"Easy there, Hoss, we'd like to get there in one piece." Just chastised, lightly jabbing Daniel in the arm.

"I'm tryin to keep it all straight, but this thing ain't exactly meant for muddin!" Daniel replied, leaning forward slightly toward the steering wheel. "We should be coming up on that stream near the edge of the jungle, it'll be smooth sailing from there, promise." he said, looking at me in the rearview mirror having evidently noticed my discomfort.

I fidgeted slightly at the mention of streams. Running water was absolutely the last thing I wanted playing through my head right now, and I endeavored to not think about it until a sharp application of the brakes and and exclamation of "SHIT!" lead me to clenching down even harder, unconsciously wrapping my tail around my leg.

"Woah." Said June, causing me to open my eyes and crane my neck to see what she was seeing. My eyes went wide in shock. The little stream, no wider than one of our rover's tires just a couple hours ago, was now a raging river, at least 12 meters wide, filling the entire basin it was lazily winding through earlier.

Daniel reached for the radio mic. "Control, R-O-V two, over."

"R-O-V two, Control, go ahead. Over." came the reply from the radio moments later.

"R-O-V two, the path back to base is obstructed. It appears the stream we've been crossing is some kinda flood plane for the area. Over."

"Understood, can you fjord the river, R-O-V two? Over."

"Negative, Control, Cannot guarantee we can fjord the river with the additional unplanned weight. Over"

"Standby, R-O-V two."

We sat in silence for a few moments, until the voice of the comms officer came throgh again. "R-O-V two, command recommends you attempt to fjord the river with caution. We know no other route to return to base. Over"

"R-O-V two copies. Out."

"Wait, so we're just gonna try and cross? You just said we can't!" June said.

"I don't see another option. It's either we cross and get back to base and maybe get stuck or swept downriver, or stay here and probably get swept downriver anyway because the earth gave out beneath us." Daniel said, flipping some switches whose function i did not know. "Look, I promise we'll be alright. The only thing that'll happen if this goes bad will be us needing to get pulled out by the wrecker in the morning. This thing is way too bottom heavy to flip, and the cab is watertight anyway."

June looked to me, and I attempted to act casual despite the protestations of a particular organ. "What do you think, Pria? Think this is a good idea?"

The words left my mouth before I really considered them. "Whatever gets us home tonight. We can try and cross."

"Attagirl!" Daniel said, as he put his foot down hard on the accelerator. with a tremendous (and tortorous) splash, the rover entered the river. And all seemed well.

Until it didn't.

About halfway across, the rear of the rover seemed to gain a mind of its own, swinging wildly toward the direction of the current. Daniel tried to compensate, cranking the wheel in his hands the opposite way and pushing further into the accelerator, cursing constantly in his American drawl. The vehicle continued spinning, eventually losing the front as well, sweeping us downstream while facing directly into the current until something seemed to catch our rear, and we came to a relative rest, pointed slightly upward with water forcing its way around the slanted and slightly pointed nose of the rover.

Daniel's knuckles were white from his grip on the steering wheel, and he momentarily continued trying to get the rovers wheels to find purchase on what he soon realized was effectively nothing. We were high centered in an odd position in the current, apparently held by some unseen object at an odd angle. Daniel angrily grabbed the microphone, and relayed as much to the base.

"Understood, R-O-V two, we'll send out a drone to try and evaluate your position. Sit tight. Out." came the reply from the radio.

I sat with my thighs clenched together and my fingers wrapped around the bottom of the seat. I took a few deep, shaky breaths, and I ntoiced eventually my hand had drifted closer to my nethers. I swifly moved it away, still trying to maintain a sense of normalcy dispite my building need.

"It seems as though we're stable in this position." June said, letting out as sigh as she removed her safety restraints. "May as well get comfortable."

Daniel did the same, sliding the steering wheel out of his way and climbing over the driver's seat and my bench to reach the small space at the rear of the cab "Let's see what those emergency rations are like. Can't be worse that the freeze-dried bullshit we were having in space."

"Danny, I think it probably is that dehydrated slop." June said, turning around in her chair to look at me specifically. "How are you holding up, Pria?"

I shuffled lightly, rubbing my thighs. I decided there was no point in hiding it anymore. "I really need to... go."

June pursed her lips, a sign of contemplation. "I figured, you poor thing. How long do you think you can hang on?"

Truth be told, I'd rather be talking about just about anything else right now, but for the sake of distraction I soldiered on. "I genuinely don't know. It's not as bad as... um... last time."

"Well, just hang in there. Hopefully the rain passes soon, and we can even open the doors." she encouraged.

"Or I could just swallow my pride and use the lav." I said, looking back.

"Uh," Daniel started, "Pria, there isn't an onboard lav in this vehicle."

My eyes widened, and my head snapped over to stare at Daniel. "You're joking, right!? This is meant to be a living space in the field!"

Daniel chuffed. "It's a glorified field tent with wheels. All the survival equipment is on the outside, and the closest thing to a shitter out there is a trencing shovel!"

"Whose bloody idea was that!?" I cried, throwing modesty to the wind and openly clutching my crotch.

"Don't know what to tell ya, Miss Pria." He said, shrugging. He then turned toward June. "You were wrong by the way, got some military style MREs in here."

"June, you can't be on board with this, this is absurd!" I cried, looking over to the woman in question.

June only shrugged, to my shock. "It is what it is, miss priss. Fancy living, this ain't. We gotta contend with that at times." She turned to Daniel. "What menus do we have? Pleeease tell me there's a barbequeue rib in there."

I resigned myself to suffer in solitude, realizing I both have no options and will get no sympathy from the aliens. I sat in the corner of the rover and simply tried to keep my mind off the issue at hand.

###

An hour passed uneventfully. I had been begrudgingly convinced to eat... something. The package for this "Meal, Ready-to-Eat" called it a chicken patty. I knew a chicken to be a domesticated Earth bird, raised for eggs and meat, but what I was greeted with upon opening the package was an unholy amalgamation of unidentifiable white puree, compressed into a disc shape, breaded and fried. It wasn't entirely unpalatable, afterall I was fully convinced I would die on the voyage to Prospect 155 upon discovering the only food packed for the space journey was freeze-dried nutrient paste, but I would regard it as bland, considering I found most human condiments inedible. The prepackaged ration did include a powdered drink mix, which I regrettably drank with as little water as I could handle, if only to maintain my body's delicate mineral balance. I really hoped we'd be able to extricate the vehicle soon.

Daniel decided to turn off the rover's engines, stating he'd prefer to conserve our fuel supply for the remaining journey, as well as escaping the precarious position we found ourselves in when possible. He assured us the onboard batteries would keep the air circulation and climate control active long enough that we wouldn't likely choke to death in our sleep.

Speaking of sleep, Daniel offered the two coffin shaped alcoves in the rear wall of the rover, ostensibly referring to them as beds, to June and I. I declined, stating I'd likely not make use of it if I could help it. "Suit yourself." He stated, before making himself somewhat comfortable in the extra padding of the driver's seat, and surprisingly falling asleep rather immediately.

With Daniel no longer a factor, I became even less subtle with my shuffling and grasping at myself. I still felt mildly ashamed doing such infantile things in front of June, but I was running out of options. Truth be told, I was not sure if I'd make it another few hours at this rate. June seemed well tuned in to my predicament, staring at me as I shamed myself in front of her before finally speaking.

"I don't suppose you'd be open to peeing in a canteen or something." she offered, fiddling with the cap of her own empty container.

A brief, disgusting consideration ran through my mind before logic caught up to me. "Absolutely not." I snapped. "Ignoring how completely gross that would be, I'm not even sure how I'd do that. I don't exactly have a good way to aim this thing." I gestured to my crotch, hoping the message was clear enough.

"Oh, come on, girly. It's not that hard." she said.

I looked at her skeptically. "Unless I have severely misunderstood human anatomy, the only one of here that is capable of doing such a thing is Daniel."

"You don't need a trouser snake to be able to aim, just a little practice." she said, giggling slightly at her own words.

"Practice I do not have, nor do I wish to attempt." I retorted, turning away and crossing my legs over each other.

"Jeez, Pria, I'm just trying to help."

"If this is you helping, then I think you should just keep it to yourself!" I snapped, shortly.

"Hey, don't take this out on me." June said, holding her hands up defensively.

I took a deep, calming breath as tears threatened the corners of my vision. "I apologize for being irritable, but considering that I am the sole and primary ambassador of my species to most of my colleagues, and am currently in real, unmitigable danger of soiling myself in the presence of two of them..." I trailed off, not knowing how to finish the sentence I started. I felt June place her hand on my shoulder, a gesture of reassurance among humans, and I gave in to the roiling emotions in my head, covering my face with my hands and sobbing softly.

"It's alright, Pria. Things happen sometimes. Nobody's perfect." She said, rubbing my back with her alien hand in a gesture I was sure she didn't know was giving me confused signals. I elected to ignore it for now.

"It's so embarassing." I sobbed, attempting to regain some of my composure. "I'm a grown woman, physically and mentally mature. I'm meant to know when and how to handle my own needs. And yet, here I am, probably about to pee myself like a ditzy little girl!"

June drew herself closer to me, pressing our sides together in a way that caused my heartrates to climb and my tail to twitch back and forth in the seat next to me. "Don't be like that, so negative, so defeated. You're stronger than you give yourself credit for. Not just anyone gets selected for this kind of mission, afterall." She assured, continuing to rub my back and arm in what I suspected was meant to be a calming manner. It caused a shiver to run up my spine, and a few stray thoughts ran through my mind that I made an effort to stifle.

"June..." I say, feeling a certain moisture begin to collect in my nethers, though not the kind that I anticipated. Curiously, however, I also noticed another effect of my unpredicted arousal. My bladder, which had been sending dull, pulsing signals for the better part of the last hour, seemed to numb somewhat.

June looked down at me, opening her eyes again and evidently noticing the persistent blush and mildly uncomfortable grimace on my face. She rapidly pulled away from me, practically throwing herself across the bench as she stammered apologies. "Oh God, Pria, I'm so sorry! I-I-I didn't know that's what these gestures meant to you!" She retreated into the corner of the rover, curling up and covering her bright red, freckled face.

It was my turn to be reassuring. I carefully slid myself across the bench, lightly setting my hand on June's thigh. "June, June! It's alright, you didn't know!"

She looked at me through her fingers, relaxing slightly. "Why didn't you stop me?" she asked, with a tone I didn't recognise.

"Um, well," I blushed and looked at the floor, "It was kind of... helping."

She looked at me skeptically, uncovering her face. "Helping?"

"I don't need to go as bad right now, or rather, I do, but It's more difficult to notice."

"Do-, do you want me to continue?" she asked, her blush returning somewhat.

"Um, only if you want to. We don't have to do anything else." I said quickly. "Only enough to try and help me keep it together."

June cranes her neck over to spy Daniel. I turn and inspect him as well. He seems dead to the world, his chest rising and falling steadily beneath the armor and jacket he's wearing.

"Okay," June said, taking my hand and leading me over to one of the alcoves. She entered first, pressing herself against the wall, surprisingly leaving enough room for me to fit into the alcove comofrtably, though it is rather cramped. "Comfortable?" she asked, reaching over to draw across a curtain. My tail hanged out of the alcove slightly.

"I suppose..." I say, fidgeting in the new position. My face was at about breast level for June, and I was able to determine that she wasn't wearing a bra. Scandalous.

June set to work, working me up as it were. I gave her a few whispered pointers, and lead her to a few places I felt a scratch in need of an itch. I felt awkward after a time of June dutifully fondling my sensitive areas, and began exploring her body. She lead me exactly where she wanted me, taking my slender hand in hers and placing it on her breast. I began giving it light, tentative squeezes, knowing I was doing well when June let out a light, pleasurable moan. I began to become worried when I felt a strong pulse in my bladder, forcing me to relocate a hand to my crotch in an attempt to prevent a leak. I was successful this time, but was rapidly losing hope when June suddenly shifted, moving her land and planting her knee against my nethers. It proved wildly successful for various reasons, and I returned my hands to their determined position.

I do not remember falling asleep.

###

I walked down a hallway at the research center. I was wearing my usual for non-filed work, a plain white lab coat and tights. I desperately needed to use the toilet, and was walking briskly towards the communal lav near the Microorganisms lab. I cupped my privates tightly with one hand as I felt a particularly strong spasm, and whimpered loudly as I felt a few drops of liquid slip through my guard. Why was this hallway so damn long!? Finally reaching the door, I pulled hard on the handle, meeting strong resistance as the door only opened a few inches at a time. I continued pulling wiht all the strength I could spare without emptying the contents of my bladder into my pants and onto the floor. I finally retch the door open with a resounding yank, and rush into a stall as yet more drops dampen my plain grey panties. I fiddle with the waistband of my tights to clear my tail of them and hurriedly plant my butt on the toilet before-

I wake up with a start, still curled up with June in the cramped alcove, and relaize that I am literally about to explode. I slam my hands into my crotch in a panic, tightly crossing my legs and wrapping my tail around my ankle to try to hold off the torrent just a little longer. Dispite my efforts, a small dribble manages to escape me for several seconds, soaking through my thin underwear and dampening the outside of my demin pants. I realize that I cannot move from this position without completely soaking myself, and panic begins to set in before I remember June's works from last night.

I nudge June wiht my head, whispering loudly to her. "June! June! Please, wake up, I need help!"

June stirs and opens her eyes, looking down at me clearly panicked face. "Pria? What's wrong?" She asks, rubbing the sleep from her eyes.

"June, please, I'm about to burst!" I whimpered, shuddering with effort as I spoke.

"Oh, oh god." She said, hurriedly sitting up. "Um, what do you want me to do!?"

"The canteen! Get the Canteen!"

June quickly extricated herself from me, carefully climbing over my writhing form. She returned moments later with the blessed water vessel in hand, though she looked unsure. "You're gonna have to take off your pants."

I whimpered. There's no way I could do that without urinating everywhere, not on my own. I looked to her with tears in my eyes. "Help me."

She looked more unsure for a moment, before nodding her head, setting down the canteen, and reaching into the alcove to pick me up and move me down to the bench. The sudden shift in gravity caused another, longer stream to escape, thoroughly soaking my panties and causing a wet patch to extend down my butt and legs. I managed to stop it as June went to undo my belt. "Okay, on three, I need you to stand up and remove your hands, okay?"

I only nodded in response.

"Okay. One, two, THREE." I quickly removed my hands as June ripped down my pants and panties, revealing my unkempt pubes and moist vagina, and not a moment too soon did she press the opening of the canteen to my womanhood before I lost all control, a loud hissing sound eminating from the container as light blue fluid gushed from my body. My knees felt week and I sighed uncontrollably as the release I've been denied so long finally came. Until June spoke up that is.

"Um, Pria, you may wanna cut it soon." she stated, and I could hear that the canteen was cose to full. I clenched down with all my might, stopping the flow a bit before the top of the canteen was breeched. June moved the container away from my bare crotch, eyeing it wearily as she turned to the door behind her. I pulled up my pants reflexively. June opened the now accessable door and poured out my accident before turning back to me. "Well, glad that's dealt with."

"It wasn't enough."

"What?"

"It wasn't enough!" I cried, clamping my hands onto my crotch again as a several second long, forceful spurt forced its way through my unccoperative muscles, leading to the stain on my pants expanding further down my thighs and dripping a few drops on the floor of the rover.

"Come on, out here, now!" June cried as I shuffled to the door.

I stood in the doorway of the rover, looking out to the ground below. The rain had slowed significantly, but was still present enough that the rover sat inside of a fairly strong current. I was contemplating just letting loose through the doorway into the river, when June got my attention.

"Up here." She announced, climbing up the ladder to the roof of the rover. I followed her without question, making my way to the ladder and climbing up. I realized a miscalculation in this plan as soon as I removed my hands from my crotch, the pressure spiking almost immediately. I managed to hold it off momentarily, but was still only moments away from losing it all when June reached down and pulled me the rest of the way up the ladder.

And immediately fell onto her back, with me landing squarely onto her chest. My poor, exhausted bladder didn't stand a chance, and my pants were rapidly soaked through, as were Junes, being direclty below mine.

"I'm so sor-" I began, before June placed a finger on my lips.

"Don't be." She whispered, as a look of concentration crossed her face. I was about to ask her what she was doing when I noticed a new sound, and looked down.

June was peeing her pants, right in front of me, on purpose. I had no idea how to react. Turning to look back up at her face, I was met with a contented grin, and a light blush. She was enjoying this. And so was I.

As we both finished up with our respective "accidents", june opened her eyes and looked at me, taking my face in her hands and planting what the Humans call a kiss on my lips. It was delicate, passionate, salacious and disgusting all in equal measure. I loved every moment of it.

Pulling away and sitting up next to her, I looked down at June, rubbing my shoulders awkwardly. "So, uh, I guees this means we're a couple now. Right?"

"if that's what you want." she replied, propping herself up on her elbows.

"I think it is." I said, staring off into the middle distance, deep in thought. "My parents are going to flip."

June laughed. "Tell me about it."

We sat there in comfortable silence. Until Daniel cleared his throat.

"if y'all are quite done," He said awkwardly, "What say we try and get on back to base, give y'all some real privacy?"

"Yeah," June replied, the color having drained from her face. "Let's do that."

"Yes, let's." said I, in much the same state.

~FIN~

###

Thank you for reading. If you have any comments, criticisms, or recommendations, please feel free to leave them. One can never stop improving.

This is the first time I've really flexed my writing chops in a good 5 years, so some aspects are a little rusty.

I may or may not write more on this, depending on reception. I decided to give it a go as I've got a lot of free time this month due to being laid off (Merry Christmas, I guess)

*002*2025-01-08 06:01

@Blackb1rd

Glowing praise, truly. Thank you

*003*2025-01-14 07:46

MC&D Colonial Enterprises

Prospecting and Indexing Division

Prospect 155

Subject: Molly Parker

Position: Researcher

Assignment: P155/i/Reed

Sol 19

###

"Why did I agree to this?" I asked myself under my breath.

"You volunteered, in fact." Eric corrected, his eyes not leaving his microscope. "Don't tell me you’re regretting that decision already?"

I sighed heavily, taking a sip of water from the sterile container next to me. I volunteered to work in the clean room this week, due to an order coming down from the top that all controlled spaces should be staffed by no less than three people when in use. I was, in fact, somewhat regretting that decision. Not helping was the fact that it’s currently after normal hours. “I’m bored out of my mind.”

“Well, Molly, we are scientists. Maybe you could try doing some science.” Kat said, mostly joking.

“Hilarious. Unfortunately, I’ve done everything I need to do today. Just waiting on some gene sequences.” I said, lightly knocking on the machine I was presently sitting beside. “The wonders of modern science mean that this process is automated, just as soon as we figure out what constitutes “genes” in this planet. What it means for me is a whole lot of waiting. Too bad I can’t bring a book into the clean room.”

Kat hummed. “Well, all I can offer at the moment is I’ll be done in less than an hour.”

“Plus cleaning and sterilization.” Eric said sternly. “We will NOT be repeating last week.”

“Yeah, yeah. I get it. ‘Clean your station when you’re done, every time, without fail.’” Kat said, waving her hand over the area she presently occupied. “In my defense, I really had to pee.”

“I was referring to our three colleagues who nearly died replacing the samples you left in the extractor.” Eric said, finally looking up from his task. “But please, do continue offering excuses for your negligence.”

“Hey, all’s well that ends well, and if you ask June and Pria, I think they’d say that little excursion ended well indeed.” Kat retorted. “Besides, it’s not like I can control my needs.”

“Enough, both of you!” I scolded. “Let’s finish up here and turn in for the night. Micheal and his crew ought to have dinner ready by now and I’d like it to still be hot when we get there.”

Eric and Kat gave each other sharp looks, before returning to their tasks. I eyed each of them a moment for good measure before turning back to my own “work”. My heart continued racing, and my hands trembled slightly from the dump of endorphins. I was still not used to exerting authority, and I doubted I’d ever be. Truth be told, I wasn’t entirely thrilled with the degree of control and authority my promotion and seniority afforded me. Call it imposter syndrome, but I hardly believed I deserved it. Regardless, Doctor Reed thinks otherwise, and encourages me to handle internal disputes whenever he can.

While we’re on the topic of truth, Kat’s words managed to strike a chord with my subconscious, and I was made aware of a certain weight in my lower abdomen. Of course I realize I need to pee at a time like this, when I can do literally nothing about it. Damn that girl and her mouth!

… No, not a girl. I’m not a junior and she’s not an intern, not anymore. I regarded the young woman out of the corner of my eye. Though I could not see much of her given our present attire, I pictured her appearance underneath the tyvek suit. Short, curvy, dark skin, curly hair. She’d fit in with runway models and pop singers, but she made her way here. She earned her place, of course, one does not join a Trailblazing expedition without merits and accolades, nor should they without skills and experience. Unfortunately, I didn’t know what hers in particular were, a failure I supposed I should rectify if I am to lead her and the others.

My introspection shifted to Eric. Tall, olive skin, white, or rather unpigmented hair he kept short. He was Martian. Not the “little green men” sort from old stories, he was still human, but born and raised away from the cradle, on Earth’s celestial neighbor. Once upon a time, he’d be a marvel, a novelty, but now he’s almost normal. Almost.

The novelty of one of my kin born away from the Cradle World, as the aliens tended to call them, was certainly not lost on me. It was, of course, very common for many other species, though some failed to handle it as well as humans seemed able to. I regarded myself in the reflective surface of the machine. Again not much to see through the narrow bit of skin revealed by the suit, but I could fill in the blanks. Five foot six, average waist and bust (thank you very much!), asian, at least ethnically, and nearing my thirties. I didn’t think I stood out in any particular physical way. I preferred to distinguish myself academically, and I’m happy to report it paid off. Now if only my student loans would do the same.

I stiffened up suddenly, pressing my legs together in what I hoped was a somewhat inconspicuous manner despite the inherent noisiness of my clothing. A sharp pressure had made itself known in my abdomen, though it subsided quickly. I realized I’d been unconsciously sipping from my water bottle for a while. In fact, it was nearly empty. Things were about to get very uncomfortable if I wasn’t able to leave this room soon. I looked over to Kat and Eric.

“Do you think we could be out of here soon?” I said, choosing not to embellish the question further.

“Twenty minutes, tops.” Eric said.

“In that case, I’ll be done before him. We can start the sterilization process and wait for Eric to finish before finalizing.” Kat said.

“Sounds good, I’ll get the equipment ready.” I said, standing up. As soon as I hit the floor I knew I had made a mistake. My hand snapped to my groin, and I stumbled slightly under the sudden shifting weight in my belly. I played it off as my legs having fallen asleep, but it was a close call. My panties felt damp, thought it could be my imagination. I needed to get to a bathroom quickly.

###

Ninety minutes. A full ninety minutes was needed to complete the sanitization of the clean room. I felt fit to burst, though mortification prevented me from displaying as much as openly as my body likely wants.

I stepped out of the air shower stiffly, Kat and Eric went through in front of me, and were in various states of undress as I entered the locker room, which aggravatingly did not include any toilets.

I started stripping down in earnest, made more difficult by my state. The worst of it was reaching the damn zipper. I was desperately fussing with my hands behind my back when, to my horror, a bit escaped. I stifled a squeal of panic and shoved a hand into my crotch, before realizing where I was. I stole a look at Eric and Kat, and thankfully, it seemed neither noticed. I made short work of the rest of the suit, my face going red at the sight of a small wet spot on my panties, and hurriedly changed into my regular clothes. I silently cursed my past self when I remembered I wore a tight skirt this morning, but that worry was quickly replaced when I saw my communicator.

I had a message from Doctor Reed, received twenty minutes ago, requesting I meet with him in person. I cursed aloud.

“Something wrong, Molly?” Kat asked, doing up the last button on her shirt.

“Doctor Reed asked me to meet him twenty minutes ago. He must not have known I was staying late. I need to get over there quick.” I said, hurriedly pulling on my own shirt.

“I’ll go with you. It’s our fault you’re late anyway.” Kat said.

“Me too.” Eric said.

“Oh, you don’t need to do that.” I said, holding up my hands, praying to god they got the hint. “You guys just go ahead and call it a day. I can handle this.”

“Suit yourself.” Eric said, turning to leave the room.

“Hold on.” Kat interrupted, putting her arm out to stop Eric. “Look, Molly. I know you’ve been struggling with this whole seniority thing, but there’s no reason to make things harder for yourself like this. Let us help you!”

That’s… not what I was expecting. Certainly not what I wanted either, and I genuinely couldn’t decide whether I was flattered, annoyed, disappointed, or thankful. It took me a moment to collect my thoughts.

“Is this what you want as well, Eric?” I asked the tall man.

“I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t longing for some food right about now, but Kat does have a point. You’re doing great, but you seem uncomfortable in your own skin, so to say.” Eric answered.

If only he knew how true that statement really was. Regardless, it would do me no good to turn down help when offered, even if I really wish it wasn’t at the moment. I sighed. “Thanks guys. Let’s go, the sooner we can get this done, the better.”

###

Ten minutes later, I stood with the others outside Doctor Reed’s personal office. I was really starting to regret not ducking into one of the lavs on the way here, but it seemed inappropriate to leave my colleagues waiting while I dealt with my needs, especially since they were only here because we had a task to complete. I gritted my teeth at every WC sign we passed. I knocked on the door to Reed’s office.

“Come in!” came the reply through the door.

I opened the door, revealing a small room, modestly decorated with framed certificates, photos, and a wide, lightweight desk in the center of the room, behind which sat an older, somewhat portly gentleman. Mason Reed, PhD.

“Ah, good evening, miss Parker.” He looked up from his terminal. “Oh, and you as well, Miss Smith, Mister Mandell.” He nodded to each of them in turn. “Did you need something from me?”

“No, sir. We just came to support Molly.” Eric said.

“We’re the reason she couldn’t get here until now. We needed more time in the lab, so she stayed with us to keep in line with the personnel rules.” Kat explained.

Doctor Reed hummed. “Very well. I suppose I am somewhat glad you’re here, What I needed to tell Miss Parker does affect you two as well.”

“And what would that be?” I asked. “You did say it was important.”

Doctor reed typed something into his terminal, speaking while he did so. “Our second round of personnel will be reaching orbit in a few days. With them is a new member of our team. I’m placing her under you, Miss Parker.”

My heart raced, for multiple reasons. Another person under my supervision meant even more responsibility, which did nothing to help with the imposter syndrome, but the more pressing matter was my bladder. A shudder ran up my spine, and to my horror a short spurt escaped my grasp, wetting my panties and sending a single drop down my leg. My face went pale, but I tried to play it off while subtly crossing my legs to try and plug any further leaks.

“Excellent, I can’t wait to meet them. Do we have a name for this person? Or where they’re from?” I asked.

“We do.” Doctor Reed said, turning his screen around to show me a personnel file. To my surprise, the picture I saw was not a human, but a fur covered, masked alien. The creature had short, grey, spotted fur, and somewhat resembled a wolf were it not for the four fingered hands and upright posture. The mask covered the creature’s entire face, save for four eyes, which were a deep, inky black with a small white pupil, and was covered in intricate patterns and etchings. The name on the file said Nessa, likely an approximation or “humanization” of a name in an alien language that humans could not pronounce.

“As you can see, she’s a Ouf Rah. She came to us with stellar recommendations from both her professors and a delegate from the Union of Planets.” Doctor Reed explained.

“A UP delegate recommending a fresh master’s grad? Ain’t that special.” Eric said, mirroring my thoughts as well.

“We’re glad to have her.” I said.

“That we are, I’ll send you over her file, have a look and see if there’s something specific you’d like her to start on when she arrives. The new crew should make planetfall by the end of this month, along with our supplies and new equipment.” Doctor Reed said, tapping a few buttons before I received a ping on my device.

“Understood, thank you Doctor Reed.” I said, hurriedly turning to leave. I felt another leak, and multiple small dribbles running down my tightly pressed thighs. My panties were soaked at the crotch, and I prayed to any god that my skirt hadn’t gotten wet. Eric and Kat turned to follow me out.

“One more thing, Miss Parker.” Doctor Reed said, gesturing for the others to leave as he stood from his chair.

‘I’m doomed’ I thought. ‘My career is over, Doctor Reed must have noticed what’s going on. He’s going to write me up, or demote me, or-’

Doctor Reed put a reassuring hand on my shoulder. “You’re doing great, Molly. Keep up the good work.” He said, patting my arm and turning back to his work. “Have a good night.”

“I… Thank you, sir.” I stuttered, bewildered by the vote of confidence. I swiftly left the room.

Eric and Kat met me outside. “Everything good?” Eric said, noticing my flustered expression.

“Nn, yes, it’s fine. Let’s just get to dinner.” I said, gritting my teeth.

“Finally! The DFAC closes in twenty minutes. We can still make it if we’re quick.” Eric said, looking at his watch.

Kat had an odd look on her face as she looked at me. “You go on ahead, we’ll catch up. Tell the cooks we’ll be there shortly and to keep some ready for us.”

“Suit yourselves.” Eric said, turning and heading down the hallway with noticeable determination.

Kat turned to me, fixing me with an accusatory glare. “Okay, what’s going on with you, you’ve been oddly short and sweet since we got out of the lab.”

I took a deep, shuddering breath. “I’ve had to pee for two hours.”

Kat’s eyes went wide, I realized it was less surprise and more sudden understanding. “Oh, god girl, you look like you’re about to wet yourself.” She whispered, leading me down the hallway.

“I am, it already leaked out a little.” I whispered back, awkwardly following behind her with her guiding me by a hand, the other pressed firmly into my crotch, modesty be damned.

“Alright, well, luckily there’s a bathroom right here. Just hold on a few more- oh, crap.”

I looked up, and saw what Kat was cursing about. The door to the women’s bathroom was closed, and the digital indicator on the handle said “Closed for cleaning.” Of course.

I whined and bent over as Kat pulled me by the arm again.

“That’s alright, there’s another one near the dining room. Just a little further.” She assured. It was no use.

“I can’t, I can’t! I’m out of time.” I whined, tears reaching the corners of my eyes.

“Well, what can I do? Tell me what you need me to do, Molly!” Kat cried, panicked.

“The men’s room!” I exclaimed, rushing toward the other door.

“What! Molly, we can’t!”

“I don’t have a choice!” I said, pushing the door and fumbling with the buttons on my skirt. I was just about to get the first one loose when I heard a voice.

“What the- Molly!?” Eric said, surprised. He stood at one of the urinals, face red with embarrassment and his penis in his hand facing away from me. I froze, and Kat rushed into the restroom and assessed the situation quickly.

My bladder could not handle the stress, and I had already relaxed somewhat in anticipation. I could no longer stop the inevitable, and I felt my panties quickly flood and spill over from the light stream that began to escape me. I still couldn’t move, the shock and embarrassment proving too much for me. That is, until Kat took me by the arm, and rushed me into one of the stalls. She noticed my stupor, and quickly as she could undid the button on my skirt and yanked it down to my ankles as I managed to break myself free. The panties were a lost cause, I realized, as the stream began to build in earnest, and I practically threw myself onto the toilet, finally relaxing fully as Kat stood guard in the doorway to the stall, facing away from me and doing her best to block the view from the outside. Not that she had much to worry about in that regard.

I sat there peeing through my undies for what felt like several minutes, but was likely barely one. Eventually, I was able to pull myself together enough to stop and remove my sodden underwear before returning to my business, until the last few drops left me and I wiped myself down. I finally gathered the wherewithal to take stock of the situation. My panties were unsalvageable, soaked nearly to the waistband at the front, and halfway to the rear. My skirt was spared most of the damage, with only a few noticeable spots that i doubted you could see at any distance. My shoes had splatters on them, and my socks had absorbed a few of the drops that had run down my legs. I was a mess, I had no change of clothes, and I was stuck in a mens’ bathroom across the facility from my room. ‘What am I gonna do now?’ I thought to myself.

“You okay in there?” Kat asked. I realized she had closed the door to the stall as best as she could from the outside, and was now likely standing outside of the bathroom entirely.

“Fine. I’m a bit of a mess.” I answered, my face burning with shame even though I knew she couldn’t actually see me.

“Need me to get you anything?” She asked.

I thought about it for a moment, and decided there wasn;t any point in trying to preserve my dignity with these two. Plus, I was starving, and the dining facility would be closing soon. I took a deep breath, and did my best to let go of some of my inhibitions, just for now. I put my skirt back on, rubbing the worst of the wet spots vigorously with a paper town for a moment, and threw my ruined panties in the trash. I opened the door, a light blush on my face from the odd feeling of going commando in public. Eric couldn’t seem to look at me, his face glowing red. Kat leaned in to whisper in my ear.

“Are you sure you’re alright? I can go and get you another pair of panties.” she said, looking down and then around curiously. “You didn’t put them back on, did you?”

“No, I threw them away. Buried them in paper towels, hopefully the cleaner gets this room next.” I said.

Kat gave me a mischievous, knowing look. “Oh, you naughty girl.”

I gave her a wink. “I’m full of surprises.”

“Hey, uh, can we go get some food now?” Eric piped in, still not looking directly at me.

Kat and I giggled. “Sure, let’s go.”

###

Hell yeah, part 2 done. Let me know what you think. I already have the premise for part 3 laid out, so stay tuned. I can't make any guarantees for release dates on this, so bear with me. Hope you enjoyed.

