The ultimate omo clinic

Author: Kylecantholdit

*000*2024-02-20 10:13

I thought of a fun clinic for omo people for a story I'm working on. The clinic will be appointment only, Men and Women are allowed. There will be a massive waiting room and a receptionist to sign in at. There will be several different types of exams, these exams are: ultrasound, xray, CT. There will also be several methods of filing the bladder, these are: drinking, catheter. You can pick the exam type and filling method on the website. Here are some other ideas/rules.

1. Once you arrive you will sign in at the receptionist desk and will be told to sit and wait for your name to be called.

2. After you sign in, If you are getting an ultrasound, xray or CT scan with drinking water you will be handed a 1 liter bottle of water and will have to drink it all over the course of 15 minutes and then you will have to wait 1 hour for your appointment. If you are getting your bladder filled via catheter you are not required to drink water.

3. You can choose to have your ultrasound or xray pictures posted in the waiting room or printed off for you to keep.

4. (Ultrasound Only) there will be viewing rooms so you can watch other patients.

5. (Ultrasound Only) a live camera feed will be streamed to TVs in the waiting room.

6. Scan time: Ultrasound - 1 hour. CT Scan - 2 hours. Xray - 2 hours.

7. Ultrasound - Catheter requirements: once you enter the room you will be asked to remove your pants and panties and lift up your shirt to expose your abdomen, you will then lay on your back on the scanning table and spread your legs, the catheter will be inserted into your bladder, ultrasound jell will be applied to your abdomen area and then the ultrasound wand will be pressed firmly on your bladder area and then your bladder will be filled with water. You may need to change positions several times during the ultrasound. After the scan is done you can get dressed. Before you leave you have to pee for 5 seconds.

8. Ultrasound - drinking requirements: once you enter the room after finishing your 1 liter of water and waiting 1 hour you will need to lower your pants and panties down to your pubic bone, you will also need to lift up your shirt to expose your abdomen. A towel will be tucked into your waistband to protect your clothes from the jell. The doctor will then apply ultrasound jell to your abdomen and then the doctor will press the probe firmly on your bladder area. You may need to change positions multiple times during the ultrasound. After the scan is done you can get dressed and leave.

9. Xray - Catheter requirements: once you enter the xray room you will need to strip naked and put on a hospital gown, then you will lay on your back on the xray table and spread your legs, the catheter will then be inserted and your bladder will be filled with contrast or water until you feel like you can't hold it much longer. The xray camera will be positioned over your bladder area. You will be asked to change positions several times and hold your breath for several seconds. After the scan is over the catheter will be removed and you can get dressed, but you can't leave until you pee for 5 seconds.

10. Xray - Drinking requirements: once you enter the xray room you will need to strip naked and put on a hospital gown, then you will lay on your back on the xray table, the xray camera will be positioned over your bladder area. You will be asked to change positions several times and hold your breath for several seconds. After the scan is complete you can get dressed and leave.

11. CT Scan - drinking requirements: once you enter the exam room you will need to strip naked, you will then lay down on the table and a foam block will be placed under your hips to lift up your hips. A towel will be used to cover your crotch and then you will be slowly inserted into the CT machine. After the scan is complete you can get dressed and leave.

12. In the ultrasound room and xray room a TV will be on the ceiling so you can see your full bladder.

13. If you pee yourself anytime during the ultrasound, xray or CT the scan will end because you couldn't hold it.

14. If you are able to hold it you will get a gift basket, the contents of these baskets are: Several pee themed stickers, a 2 liter water bottle, a ultrasound practice probe, some diuretics and several coupons for free ultrasound exams at the clinic.

15. If you were unable to hold it you will get a rescheduled scan, a book about ways to hold it, a better luck next time card and a small sticker of a bladder emptying.

Would you attend?

*004*2024-02-22 20:27

{{4 hours ago, panzerschoco said:

Meeeee

}}

Is your bladder up for the challenge?

