Toyohiro needs a hero

Author: KiraFan

*000*2022-05-07 05:01

Sorry about any canon inconsistencies. I was too tired to look into them when I wrote this.

Toyohiro was beyond stressed. a crowd of curious people had formed around his tower as if he was some sort of freak or art exhibit. Normally. he wouldn't care too much and just ignore them, but he was having one of those days. He was highly irritable and just wanted to be left alone. Eventually, the crowd struck a nerve with him and he told them to leave. although a bit rudely, telling them to, "fuck off," because he was tired and wanted to rest. Nobody listened to him. some even laughed. Enraged, he tried to scare the people off by yelling and throwing things at them, but it only seemed to amuse them further. The frustrating part was that, unlike stand users, he couldn't;'t attack them. Eventually, he gave up and decided to fake sleep, hoping they'd go away.

Time passed and people had come and gone, but still a crowd. Not Toyohiro was nervous. He hated to admit it to himself, but he really had to pee, and with all these people around, including children, if he were to just whip it out and go, he could get into some serious trouble, nevermind the though of someone seeing or possibly even photographing his dick. He shook his head at the thought and continued to silently pray that they would leave. Oddly enough, all the eyes on him made his bladder ache with need. The fact that he was unable to relieve himself was only making his need more powerful.

Toyohiro growled to himself as the weight in his abdomen increased. He was filling. his tiny muscles fought against the liquid pressure as the urine urged itself to be let out. He sat still, unable to to anything else but grip the tower and tremble. Eventually, his bladder was swollen, and the fullness was visible through his clothing.

Toyohiro groaned and crossed his legs. It was getting hard to hold and it was beginning to hurt. People had begun to take pictures. He would never live it down if a photo of him urinating all over himself started circling around. He felt tears welling up in his eyes and he bit his lip to keep them held back. Why couldn't they just leave him alone? He was grateful that they couldn't hear his whimpers and sniffles. Desperation catching up to him, he threw his hands between his legs to help hold it in, shame burning his face.

The crowd was starting to catch on to his need now, with some people feeling bad and leaving while others began recording or mocking him. Ugh. This was why he hated people so much. Toyohiro shouted curses at them and felt himself starting to cry. He couldn't help it. This really sucked. It seemed like there was only one way out, and it was even worse than things already were. He gulped and pulled his knees up to his chest, burrying his face in them. This was it. He wasn't able to hold it much longer.

Toyohiro began to shake violently, pain stinging his abdomen. His bladder was huge and strained inside him, the muscles holding the weight of the fluid ready to give out. Squeezing his eyes shut, he braced himself for the inevitable, and sure enough, after a desperate yelp, piss burst from him with an urgent force he was unable to stop. He could feel his bladder shrinking and let out quiet moans of relief. Letting it out felt so good. His clothes soaked and urine began raining down on the crowd, which had errupted wit chatter and other commotion that Toyohiro was too distressed to distinguish. He began sobbing into his knees.

Suddenly, the crowd dispersed, people leaving the site, and looking up, Toyohiro noticed a police officer shooing them away form the area. As relieving as this was, he was scared as well. Was he going to be in trouble? Once the crowd was gone, he saw something weird happen. The officers body began to change. That's when it hit him. This was the alien he'd met a while back. Mikitaka.

The pale figure approached cautiously. Toyohiro ducked his face back into his knees.

"It is alright...It was nothin you could help. you did no wrong." the alien spoke softly, "Please do not feel ashamed,"

"I..." Toyohiro sniffled. When he felt a hand rest on his shoulder, he lost it. He broke down in humiliated sobs and latched onto them, burrying his face in their chest. Mikitaka just help him and let him cry as much as he needed.

