Yoshikage Kira has a bad day

Author: KiraFan

*000*2022-03-19 23:13

I am so sorry in advance to those who read...whatever this is

10 hours. 10 damned hours since Kira last relieved his bladder. Why was this happening to him?? All he wanted was to go home, but for some reason, somehow, he kept getting into impossible situations today...

He first realized he’d had to go about 6 hours ago. He’d been walking along the street from his job and decided to stop by a café to have a quick snack and let it out, only to find that the restrooms were out of order. Although slightly embarrassed, Kira thought it no big deal and played it off. He decided, then, to just walk home and use the restroom there. Unfortunately, about a third of the way there and an hour later, Kira found the sidewalk on the way to his house was undergoing construction, and he wouldn’t be able to walk that way. Not wanting to draw too much attention by walking on the grass around the site, he decided to take a detour. By then, Kira's need was beginning to become more present, and he was feeling irritated at his failure to have already relieved himself. He increased his walking pace, wanting to get home as soon as possible.

Kira very much disliked the feeling of a full bladder. The pressure underneath his stomach was just so uncomfortable to him, nevermind the light arousal that came after being full for longer than usual. It made it so hard to look normal, and Kira hated negative attention…It was so embarrassing. Wetting himself with a hard-on in public would have to be one of the worst things Kira could imagine happening to him.

Unluckily for him, It was the detour that proved to be what crossed this line of arousal for Kira's body. About half an hour into his alternative route, Kira was stopped once more. This time, a crime scene with an ongoing investigation. “No way this can be happening!” Kira thought to himself, astonished at the poor timing. Kira wanted nothing to do with the police, and so, having no way else home, turned back in search of public facilities, however, once back where he started near the road construction on his original path home, Kira felt the pressure in his body hit a certain sweet spot, sending pleasure through his body. He gulped, “No…I can’t let this happen to me…I must hurry to a restroom before it becomes noticeable…” Kira thought, now facing the threat of both public erection and pants wetting.

He began nearly jogging by shops, pleading with the world that one would have a publicly available place to go. He could no longer go to places that required a purchase, as he’d used up the last of his pocket cash on the café meal. Kira was becoming distressed. Another hour passed with no luck, and both ways home were still off-limits. Kira was flushed and visibly uncomfortable as arousal clouded his mind. Why? Why did it feel so good? Kira wanted to disappear. His desperation now visible, he felt as though he’d already lost. He had to wear his jacket around his waist to hide his erection and felt miserable.

It had really been 9 hours... Kira couldn’t remember that last time he’d gone this long without urinating. It was starting to hurt and it was getting hard to hold back. He had to focus on straining his body to hold back the flood within. Kira felt himself sweating from the sheer effort it took to clench the tiny muscles shut. His body wanted so badly to give in to the sheer amount of urine sitting inside him. He was beyond full. He spent the next hour pacing desperately, silently praying for a solution to his urgent problem.

Now…10 hours. 10 damned hours since Kira last relieved his bladder. It was leaking now! I was leaking so bad that his boxers were becoming damp. Kira wanted to cry. He knew he wouldn’t be able to last much longer than this. He needed to think fast. Subtly pee-dancing, Kira used all his self-restraint not to grab himself, instead, balling his fists against his thighs as he nearly doubled over. It was painfully obvious now that the man needed to urinate despite his self control. Kira saw no other way out of this. He had to approach someone's house; something that he, under normal circumstances, wouldn’t think twice about doing. He knocked on the door of a random resident with great urgency, squirming in place, wishing with every fiber of his being that he could just vanish. This was the most embarrassing thing he’d ever done!

A kind looking young man opened the door and before Kira could say a word, he felt himself beginning to cry. Unable to speak, he did the unthinkable and pressed his hands between his legs to convey the seriousness of his need. The man seemed to understand and carefully helped him inside. That’s when the worst happened. Kira just couldn’t hold it back a moment longer. With a pained, humiliated groan, he fell to the floor as it all began forcefully gushing out of him. He trembled and cried on his hands and knees, still unable to speak as it happened.

The heat filling his pants certainly didn’t help with his now only semi-hard dick. The sound of urine pooling beneath him was loud in all the worst ways, but he couldn’t help but enjoy the utter relief of his poor strained bladder finally relaxing as it drained its overwhelming contents. The feeling was so great that Kira's hands tensed as if they were trying to grip the floor beneath him. He shuddered and sighed. Finally, when the stream slowed to a stop, Kira felt the man's hand rubbing his back.

“Are you alright, sir? Do you want me to call someone for you?”

“I’m so, so sorry!” was the only thing the mortified Kira could manage before he burst into tears once more.

*003*2022-05-07 03:51

Extension!:

(watersports, dubcon, and hand fetish)

"Hey...No need to be sorry..." The man was kneeling close beside Kira now, urine soaking into his jeans. The sight made Kira visibly cringe as he gritted his teeth, "Look at me.."

"Huh?" was all that Kira uttered before his eyes met the others. The man before him had an undeniable lust in his gaze.

"I...Like this..." The man placed his hands on Kira's thighs, remaining eye contact, "I've liked things like this for a long time..." He slid a hand over Kira's crotch, letting his other hand fall down into the still-warm puddle with a barely audible splash. Kira gulped and struggled to steady his breath, "Ever since..." The man hesitated.

"Ever since you were a boy?" Kira whispered. The man chuckled and pushed Kira back. He grinned at the blondes new position, elbows supporting him, knees in the air, clothing soaked in his own piss.

"What are you passionate about?" The man pushed Kira's legs apart and crawled between them, positioning himself over him, hands beside his head, " Look at you...you're so beautiful...tell me, please.

"Hands..." Kira looked away, only to have his head pulled back and a pair of fingers stroking his lips. He was really falling apart. The shock of it all had caused him to forget about Killer Queen, but his curiosity took hold of him...besides, he could easily do away with this man after all was said and done...

"Do you...do you want this?" Kira only parted his lips in response, pushing his tongue against the skin of the fingers entering them. The texture of the fingerprints dragging along his taste buds making him moan. His moans became drawn out as the man began palming him through his pants, "I wanna piss on you."

"You want to-" Kira's eyes widened.

"Yes. Do you want it?" The man undid both of their pants, freeing them from their respective boxers, "Do you want my hand?"

"I...do..." Kira closed his eyes and let his head fall back in defeat, shivering as the warm fingers curled around his cock.

"Breathe..." The man instructed before pumping Kira at a feverish pace. Kira yelped and bit his lip, trembling and sweating, "Deep breaths, " Kira growled and whimpered, sucking air through his teeth.

"S-slow down! I'm g-gonna cum already-y" Kira grunted.

"Then do it."

"F-fuck!" Kira felt his toes curling through his orgasm, feeling a warm fluid hitting his chest. the warmth spread over him and pooled beneath him rapidly, coupled with sighing laughter from the other. He didn't have to open his eyes to know the source.

"You ok?" the man above him whispered.

"Yeah..." Kira fluttered his eyes open to the strangers hard-on in his face. What was he doing? He bit back the sudden urge to cry and got back up on his elbows, "you want help with that?"

{{On 4/26/2022 at 5:45 PM, eucoloco said:

Mmm id love a sequence

}}

I did an extension. Hope you enjoy!

