Anjali’s embarrassing moment

Author: Kochikame

*000*2024-03-11 04:20

Hi all

It’s my first attempt of writing and my first post here.

Hope you guys like it and do let me know if any improvements or suggestions.

In a small Indian village, there lived a young girl named Anjali. She was a simple girl, who loved her traditional clothes and the simple way of life in her village. However, one eventful day, Anjali found herself in a desperate situation that she could not have imagined.

It was a hot summer day, and the village was bustling with excitement. There was a big function being held in the village, and everyone was dressed in their finest traditional clothes. Anjali was also dressed in a beautiful saree, with intricate designs and vibrant colors. She was excited to be a part of the function, but little did she know that it would turn out to be a nightmare for her.

As the day went on, Anjali began to feel the need to use the bathroom. She frantically searched for a bathroom, but to her dismay, she couldn't find one. She asked around, but everyone seemed to be too busy to help her. As time passed, Anjali's desperation grew. She was now running around, looking for a bathroom, but there seemed to be none in sight.

To make matters worse, people kept offering her more drinks, thinking that she was just thirsty. Anjali couldn't refuse, as it would be considered rude in her culture. With each passing minute, Anjali's desperation and discomfort grew. She was now holding onto her stomach, trying to control the urge to go to the bathroom.

Finally, in a state of panic, Anjali sat down on a nearby sofa. She couldn't take it anymore, and as she sat down, she started leaking unable to stop. The piss started to drip from the sofa, and people around her started to notice. Anjali's face turned red with embarrassment, but she couldn't stop the flow.

As piss continued to drip, people started to gather around her. Some were confused, while others were amused. Anjali couldn't believe what was happening. She had never been so embarrassed in her life. But at the same time, she felt a sense of relief. The discomfort that had been building up inside her was finally gone.

As the flow of liquid stopped, Anjali stood up, her face still red with embarrassment. She quickly apologized to the people around her, explaining her desperate situation. To her surprise, instead of being angry or disgusted, the people around her were understanding and sympathetic. They offered her water to clean up and even helped her find a bathroom.

From that day on, Anjali's embarrassing moment became the talk of the village.

