Abby: Business Trip Agony

Author: Kayn

*015*2022-02-13 03:17

Part 4

The wait was excruciating. Every minute seemed to last a month, and there was nothing to distract Abby from the relentless barrage of her bladder against her sphincter. Her boots flapped around below her knees as she swung her legs all over the place, and her hands clutched her thighs tightly. She longed to give her crotch a squeeze with her hand to ease some of the urgency, but there was no way she could do it with Mrs. Wilkins sitting right next to her. She stared at the seat ahead of her, keeping her head down and counting the seconds in her head, willing the time to go faster.

It was about five minutes later when a sudden noise drew Abby’s attention. It was her boss’s phone, ringing from within her purse. Mrs. Wilkins quickly fished it out and looked at the screen. “It’s Mr. Lee,” she said worriedly, glancing at Abby. “No doubt wondering why we’re so late.” Clearing her throat, she answered the call and put the phone to her ear. “Hello, Mr. Lee… yes, I must apologize, we’re running very late, we’re on our way but our train had to stop due to some constructions issues, and I don’t know how long it’s going to take. I’m so sorry about this…”

She listened for a bit, nodding her head along as Mr. Lee spoke on the other line. “Oh, is that so?” Mrs. Wilkins said, “well that’s great then, I’m very glad there wasn’t a big issue.” She listened for a bit more. “I see… yes, absolutely, we’ll be there as soon as we can. Thank you, Mr. Lee.” With that she hung up and looked at Abby, who immediately sensed a look of relief on her boss’s face. “Well, some good news, finally! Looks like they managed to resolve the problem.” She reached into her handbag to drop her phone back inside. “We still have to go there since he still wants to discuss some other matters, but they aren’t as important, so we don’t have to rush anymore, thank goodness.”

Abby nodded absentmindedly at this new development. The truth was, given her current state, all notions of the meeting had vacated her mind completely, and while the news from the phone call was certainly good, it did nothing to reduce the mounting weight of her heavy bladder. If anything, she felt even more annoyed that they had gone through all this effort for nothing. I’m sitting here about to pee myself on this train, all because of Mr. Lee, and now it doesn’t even matter, she thought bitterly. It was silly to blame him, obviously, but Abby was in no state to think rationally at this moment.

She sat in her seat in total misery, trying not to give away just how desperate she was. Anyone passing by would’ve thought she was just cold from the way she was sitting, hunched over with her legs pushed together and her hands pressing down against her thighs. But in reality, she was fighting a ferocious battle against her bladder, doing anything she could to stay on the winning side. But as time dragged on, it was becoming harder and harder. As her bladder grew stronger with more reinforcements being flooded in by her kidneys with each second, her defenses were being pushed to its limit.

Come on, Abby, you can do this, she thought valiantly, urging herself on. She knew that no matter how bad this got, she could not give up. No matter how much pain she would have to endure, there was absolutely no way she was going to wet herself in public right next to her boss. Just the thought was making her cringe with embarrassment.

In contrast to Abby’s tension, Mrs. Wilkins was looking far more relaxed now that Mr. Lee’s problem had been fixed, sitting back in her chair as she scrolled through her phone. Seeing her sitting so casually, Abby suddenly found herself feeling irrationally jealous of her, of everyone else on the train sitting comfortably with their empty bladders while she had to suffer through her own which seemed to be filling with an unlimited supply of urine. Oh, how she wished she could just swap bladders with someone, or snap her fingers and just make all the pee inside her disappear. If only.

Five minutes passed.

Then ten.

Then twenty. Still there was no sign of any movement.

Dammit, what’s taking so long? Abby was getting seriously frantic now. It felt like there was a grapefruit in her abdomen trying to force its way out. She could no longer keep her movements hidden, and her discreet jiggling had evolved into a full-on gyrating of her legs, her knees jerking up and down furiously. She looked like a little kid who’d consumed far too much sugar, unable to sit still for even a split second. It didn’t take long for her boss to take note of her protégé’s strange behavior.

“Is everything alright, Abby?” Mrs. Wilkins asked, glancing questioningly at Abby’s legs which were now waving side to side animatedly. Abby’s face, which was already flushed from desperation, turned even redder at the question. “Y-yes, I’m fine!” Abby said quickly, giving Mrs. Wilkins a faint smile. “I’m just… uncomfortable from sitting for so long.” Her voice was strained, but she did her best to sound nonchalant, hoping her boss would buy this excuse.

“You know what, me too,” replied Mrs. Wilkins with a frown, nodding. “These seats aren’t the most comfortable, are they? My legs are starting to cramp up.” Abby muttered in agreement, relieved that her boss hadn’t figured out the true reason for her distress.

“I really hope we get moving soon,” Abby muttered tensely, more to herself than Mrs. Wilkins. It can’t take much longer, can it? she thought desperately. Oh, please hurry up and finish, please…

With every minute, the burning between her thighs grew more and more intense, and she was starting to lose hope. She looked imploringly towards the front of the train, praying to every god she knew to get them moving soon. But her internal pleas were met with silence, and Abby’s misery continued.

She stifled a moan as she felt another vicious pang from her bladder, forcing her to clench her whole body in response. The sac full of pee in her abdomen was throbbing, growing bigger and bigger in size as her kidneys mercilessly pumped out even more liquid at an incredible rate. Oh, she was so incredibly desperate. She would’ve given anything to be able to pee. But she couldn’t, she was trapped and had no way out of this horrible situation. Why did this have to happen to me? she thought in anguish. What did I do to deserve this? This isn’t fair! Oh, god, please end this…

Abby waited and waited, wanting more than anything to hear the sound of the train engine firing back up, for them to start moving again so one desperate girl could get to a toilet and pee. And yet she was met by nothing but pure, deafening silence. It had been almost thirty minutes since they’d stopped, and Abby was absolutely frantic by now. Sweat beaded her forehead as her efforts to hold back her bursting bladder exhausted her entire body. The increasingly frequent surges of desperation made her life an absolute hell, each push battering her sphincter and driving her closer and closer to her breaking point. Her composure, which she had been fighting so hard to maintain for so long, was starting to break down at last. She simply couldn’t contain herself much longer.

With every minute that passed, Abby’s resolve was fading away, being replaced by hopelessness. Even after 45 minutes, there were no signs of any end to this agonizing wait. A feeling of total despair settled in her chest as she realized she had no way out from this horrible nightmare. I’m never going to make it, she thought in resignation. Oh my god, I’m actually gonna wet myself here, in front of all these people. Was this how it was going to end? It seemed like the inevitable outcome. A look of total desperation and helplessness lined her face as she looked around at the cabin, wondering how many of the people around her would notice her humiliating accident. Probably all of them. She was on the verge of tears, both from pure desperation and the total embarrassment she was about to face. God, I can’t believe this is happening…

And then, out of nowhere, the loudspeakers crackled to life yet again. “Thank you for your patience,” announced the same female voice from before. “The construction has been completed, and we will begin moving shortly. We once again apologize for the delay, and hope you have a wonderful day.” The speaker shut off with another crackle, and it was followed almost immediately by a loud rumble as the train fired back on.

Oh my god, Abby thought, hardly daring to believe what she had heard. Oh, thank god, finally…

She felt her heart beating faster. Could she actually make it after all? Just when all had seemed lost, she had been thrown a lifeline. That announcement was the most welcome news she’d heard all morning. She felt her hopes resurging once again. I can still make it. She wasn’t going to give up just yet, not when she had a chance. Mmphh… come on, Abby, keep holding…

The train finally lurched forward once more, and to Abby’s absolute delight, they picked up to full speed, hurtling through the tunnel to their destination. At that moment, the only destination Abby cared about was the bathroom that sat waiting for her at the station. She closed her eyes, already imagining the cold embrace of the toilet on her thighs, the relief of finally letting go. Just the thought of it was making her sphincter loosen up, almost causing her to leak. She quickly shoved the thought out of her mind. Even at full speed, they were still twenty minutes away, and she had to hang on until then.

Abby was beyond desperate now, her bladder brimming full of urine, pressing down like an anvil on her pee hole, threatening to flood her clean white pants and fill her black boots full of its contents. She doubled crossed her legs tightly, determined to keep the hole between her legs firmly shut, refusing to let anything come out. Oh my god, she thought for the millionth time as she grimaced in pain, fighting another burst of desperation that tore through her abdomen like a knife. Her hands gripped the edge of her seat so tightly that her knuckles had turned white. Just a little bit further, you can do this…

For the next twenty minutes, she sat there in a state of pure concentration, enduring wave after wave of desperation from her bladder. Her breathing was heavy and labored, drowned out only by the rumble of the train, and when her legs weren’t crossed double, they were shaking madly. The only thing keeping her going was the fact that they were getting closer and closer to the station, where the blessed relief she needed so badly was awaiting.

Even going at full speed, it didn’t feel fast enough for Abby, who was now beside herself with desperation. C’mon train, PLEASE hurry… She needed to get to a bathroom, and soon. The urge was overwhelming, and she had no idea how much longer she could hold out. Her legs muscles were exhausted from her non-stop gyrating, yet she dare not stop for even a second for fear of what might happen. She was not going to humiliate herself now, not after making it this far. Ohhh… how much longer until we get there? In her state of utter desperation, she had no semblance of where they were.

Mrs. Wilkins seemed to have read her mind. “I think we’re almost there,” she remarked, looking at the map she had opened on her phone.

“How much longer, do you think?” Abby asked breathlessly, straining to get a look at her boss’s phone without jolting her body too much.

“Five minutes, I’d say. We can finally get off this thing soon.” Oh, thank god, we’re almost there. Just a little bit longer, I’m so close… Her bladder was about to burst, and she felt absolutely miserable, but knowing that her ordeal was about to come to an end gave her an extra boost of strength. All she had to do was hold on just a few more measly minutes. Gritting her teeth, she squished her legs together once more to ride out the final leg of this arduous journey.

It was by all means the longest five minutes of her life. Her eyes were glued to the windows, staring intently outside, waiting for the station to appear before her, but it felt like they were stuck inside an endless tunnel, the gray concrete walls stretching to infinity.

But there was light at the end of the tunnel after all; quite literally, in this case. After what felt like ten years to Abby, the tunnel’s dark walls fell away to reveal the light of the sprawling flat floor of the station outside, filled with people standing in line and walking about, waiting impatiently for their train. Abby almost cried with happiness at the sight. Her wait was finally over, and in just a couple minutes, her bloated, full bladder would be emptying itself at last. The train tires screeched as they began to slow down. Hardly able to wait anymore, she grabbed her handbag in anticipation, holding it down against her legs, which were still swinging violently beneath her, her feet sliding back and forth on the floor.

“Can you believe it, we actually made it. I thought we’d never see the light of day again,” Mrs. Wilkins remarked at Abby, chuckling.

Abby merely offered a nod and a strained smile in response, hardly able to concentrate anymore. Still chuckling, Mrs. Wilkins gathered her belongings, as did everyone else in the cabin as they prepared to step off at long last.

Abby sat upright in her chair, her frenzied legs still shaking haphazardly, clutching her handbag tightly as the train crawled ever so slowly to a stop. The moment it came to a halt, Abby shot out of her seat, scurrying to the door immediately, almost dancing in place as she waited impatiently for the door to open. Now that she was standing, gravity was really pushing her hardened bladder down onto her sphincter, almost pushing her beyond her limit. The inside of her thighs rubbed together furiously as her legs vibrated, her valiant efforts doing just enough to counteract the heavy weight of the giant ball of liquid within her.

Come on, dammit, open the doors already! Even at the last moment, the train seemed intent on prolonging her misery even more, delaying her for a couple more minutes. She had to resist the urge to reach out and yank the door handle in frustration.

Finally, the doors swung open, and she was free at last. She zoomed out onto the station floor, looking around frantically for any sign of the ladies room. Nothing. Must be upstairs, she thought to herself, and immediately began charging towards the stairs. She climbed up as gracefully as she could, but every step felt like a stab in her abdomen. She winced, swallowed up the discomfort and fought her way up; she couldn’t slow down now, relief was so close, and she had to get there now.

Reaching the top, she finally saw the sign that she was looking for, hanging from the ceiling: a restroom symbol with an arrow underneath pointing to the right. Oh my god, it’s here. Just seeing it almost made her lose it completely, but she clenched her muscles to hold it off. She spun around to face Mrs. Wilkins, who emerged from the staircase just behind her.

“Mrs. Wilkins,” Abby said breathlessly, “c-could you please excuse me for just a moment, I just need to use the restroom really quick.” She pointed back with her thumb in the direction of the bathrooms, her feet dancing in place.

“Oh, of course, go ahead,” Mrs. Wilkins answered back. “I’m going to call a cab for us, I’ll be waiting outside. Come meet me when you’re done.” She brandished her arm towards the exit. Abby nodded in acknowledgement, then whipped around and began power walking in the opposite direction. She was almost there, just a few more steps, and her misery would finally be over.

Following the signs, she rounded a corner into a little hallway at the far side of the building, and all the way down at the end were two wooden doors. She didn’t need to see the sign on them to know exactly what they were. Swinging her handbag over her shoulder, she raced down the hallway as fast as her tired legs allowed, her eyes fixated on the door handle.

Finally getting to the door, she reached out her hand eagerly, grasped the gray handle, and yanked.

It didn’t budge. The door was locked.

Shit! Her thoughts were so clouded from desperation that she hadn’t even considered that the bathroom could be occupied. Ohh, come on, hurry up! She immediately balled her fist and raised her hand to knock on the door and urge the person inside to come out…

… and that’s when she saw the sign on the door.

It was a simple sign, just three words printed onto a white sheet of paper, taped onto the wooden door. In her frantic rush, her eyes had glanced right over it, but now she saw it, bright as daylight. Just three simple words, but they plunged into her heart like a knife.

Out of order.

*020*2022-02-21 00:07

And now for the final part of this story.

Just an FYI, I do plan on writing an alternate ending, so that'll probably be out sometime next week.

Part 5

Abby stood rooted to the spot, refusing to believe what her eyes were showing her.

”No,” she uttered, “no, please, no!” In complete denial, she grasped the handle and yanked as hard as she could, almost trying to break the door down. But the door stood firm against her helpless efforts, refusing her entry to the restroom beyond.

She couldn’t believe it. Here she was, just two feet from the bathroom, having suffered for hours, and now her one chance at relief had been mercilessly snatched away. This is so unfair! Why did this have to happen now of all times?!

As she stood clutching the door handle in despair, she felt a sudden surge of force from her bladder, almost threatening to break down the dam held closed by her bladder muscles, which had already begun loosening in anticipation of relief. With a gasp, she shoved both hands deep into her crotch, squeezing at her privates to push back the sea of urine inside. The extra support of her hands was barely enough to counteract her bladder’s push, and she hung on by the skin of her teeth. She was seriously close to her limit.

Abby was absolutely panicking now; her desperation was unbearable, but she had no idea what to do or where to go. She looked around frantically, a look of pure concern on her flushed face. Maybe there are other bathrooms in the station, she thought to herself. It was unlikely, but it was a small hope and she had to check. What other choice did she have? Mustering up what strength she had left, she scrambled back down to hallway and onto the main station floor. Up and down she looked, craning her neck, hoping beyond hope that she could find what she was looking for.

But alas, it quickly became evident that there were no other bathrooms, and the reality of her situation finally dawned on her: the only bathroom here was unavailable, and the one option she had left was to somehow hold it in until they got to Mr. Lee’s office. She almost cried in despair at the thought. Even without traffic, it would be at least another 20 minute drive, and in her state, she couldn’t imagine how she would last that long.

But she had to try. The alternative was to wet herself and completely humiliate herself in public, something that she would never live down in her lifetime. No, it couldn’t come to that. Breathing heavily, she clutched her handbag tight and made her way to the exit, walking in short, mincing steps. Even this small distance felt like a trek across a vast desert.

When she crossed through the doors into the hot summer air outside, she saw Mrs. Wilkins standing by the curb, the cab already waiting for them. Her boss saw her and beckoned her over, and Abby resumed her awkward walk towards the yellow car which sat waiting. She climbed inside gingerly, doing her best to avoid any sudden movements; even the slightest wrong step could result in a devastating consequence. Inside the car, Abby was at least grateful to be able to sit down and take some of the weight off her tortured urethra.

“You came back rather quick,” Mrs. Wilkins remarked as the cab driver set off down the road. “Did you find the bathroom?”

Abby hadn’t expected her boss to notice. “Yes, I found it,” she explained in a tight voice. “but it was out of order.” Her voice was constricted, her desperation so intense now that even speaking took a strenuous effort. She had reassumed her sitting position from the train: leaning forward, legs grinding together, her knees bobbing up and down madly.

“Oh, I see,” Mrs. Wilkins replied back with a slight nod. Her eyes then darted down to Abby’s furiously shaking legs. Abby’s face reddened at her gaze, but she absolutely could not stop the motions now; it was the only thing keeping the ocean inside her at bay.

“You have to go really bad?” Mrs. Wilkins asked her sympathetically, finally realizing her plight. Abby’s face glowed redder than a ruby, flushed from embarrassment and desperation. But there was clearly no point in hiding it anymore. “Yes,” she admitted in a low voice, nodding sheepishly.

“We’ll be there soon,” her boss said reassuringly, “just hang on for a bit longer.” It was a task that was much easier said than done.

Abby’s desperation was so extreme that she could not even comprehend how she was managing to hold it back anymore. Her bladder was so full that it was bulging out of her abdomen like a melon, very clearly accentuated by her tight clothing. The waist of her tight pants dug painfully into her abdomen, adding even more pressure to the little hole between her legs. She wanted so badly to just reach down and unbutton her pants to ease the burden just a bit, but she couldn’t, not with her boss right next to her. Oh, her stupid boss, why did she have to be here while she was going through this?

With each minute, her legs bounced with more and more vigor, her thighs slapping together with a dull clap clap sound. Wave after wave of excruciating pain ripped through her body, each one feeling like a vicious punch in her stomach. It was unbearable. How was she ever going to make it? She stared out the window at the passing city streets, trying to gauge where they were, but her mind was too clouded with desperation to think properly. Please, let us get there quickly, oh, PLEASE hurry…

One desperate girl’s prayers aren’t enough to stop city traffic, though. The streets were packed full of cars, and they were crawling through the lanes at a snail’s pace. The driver’s foot seemed to spend more time on the brakes than anything else. Every pothole in the ground and every jam on the brake was like a jolt of electricity being shot into her throbbing bladder. As they stopped yet again at what felt like the millionth red light, Abby wanted to scream. “MOVE!” she wanted to yell, “JUST FUCKING GO, STEP ON IT!” But of course, she couldn’t say that. Yet again, her only option was to sit there helplessly and suffer in silence, just like back on the train.

For fifteen agonizing minutes, they creeped forward painstakingly slowly, passing one traffic light after another. They were starting to reach the outskirts of the city, near which lay their destination. Once again they were stopped still amidst a sea of cars, each one honking at one another in impatience as everyone fought to get in front. Up ahead on the left was a bridge crossing the river which bordered the western edge of the city. It was the only way across the river for five miles, a fact which often lead to heavy buildups of traffic. Today was clearly no different.

Abby’s whole body was shaking with utter desperation by now. Her completely full bladder was being stretched to its absolute limit, bulging out even further in her abdomen, pressing up hard against the waistband of her pants. It felt like a bowling ball was trying to rip its way through her urethra, and she was doing everything she could to keep it in. She bowed her head and squeezed her eyes shut as she felt another forceful push from her bladder, which was practically screaming at her to let go. She shuddered, her face grimacing in pain as the massive balloon of boiling hot urine inside her made every attempt to expel its contents.

She squeezed every muscle in her body, squishing her legs together yet again, pushing back as hard as she could. It worked, but not completely. As the force of her bladder abated ever so slightly, her exhausted sphincter loosened just enough to let a spurt of pee shoot rapidly out into her panties. Oh shit. Her strength was wavering, her muscles simply could not hold up this kind of effort much longer; they needed help. She buried her right hand in her crotch, pushing deep against her pee hole to provide the last reinforcement she had left. She put her handbag over her lap to cover up the hand grabbing her crotch, but in all honesty, she was past caring whether her boss saw her or not.

They were still inching their way to the bridge, moving so slowly that even the pedestrians outside were getting across faster than they were. Abby looked out at the swarm of cars surrounding them in every direction, realizing with anguish that she was completely trapped. Stuck here in the middle of the street, there was nowhere she could go, nowhere she could hide; there was absolutely nothing she could do. She couldn’t possibly have been in a worse situation. She stared hopelessly out at the bridge, which seemed so far away, and her resolve was starting to break. I can’t do this… ohhh… it hurts so bad…

There were tears in her eyes, born out of pure and absolute desperation. The searing pain between her thighs was so strong it felt like there was a muscle tearing in her abdomen. Every push from her rock hard bladder felt like a contraction, as if she were about to give birth. Her muscles clenched and unclenched, her legs trembled, and sweat beaded up on her forehead from sheer effort. She had never felt so much pain in her life. It was absolute torture. She wanted to cry.

“Are you alright, Abby?” Mrs. Wilkins was looking at her with concern in her eyes. One thing was for sure, Abby was quite a long way from okay. But what was she supposed to say? Looking up, Abby glanced at Mrs. Wilkins and gave a curt nod. It was an obvious lie, and her boss clearly didn’t believe her. Anyone looking at her could easily tell that she was in great discomfort.

“It won’t be long,” her boss said, still looking concerned. “We’re almost there, just about ten more minutes.”

There’s no way we’ll get there in ten minutes, Abby thought despairingly. But when she looked up, she saw that they had finally made it onto the bridge, and it gave her just a glimmer of hope. Now that they were past the bottleneck, the traffic was slowly picking up speed, and the office wasn’t too far from here. Did she dare get her hopes up? There had been so many obstacles thrown her way today that it seemed like someone up there was intent on getting her pants drenched. If that was the case, they weren’t too far from having their wish granted.

Once they got through the bridge, traffic started flowing much more smoothly. The car rumbled down the narrow streets as poor Abby hung on for dear life in the backseat. Her bladder was about to explode, its walls being stretched beyond its limits with all the pints of coffee that Abby had gulped down that morning. Abby rocked in her seat, her teeth grinding in her mouth, breathing heavily through her nose. Even with her hand jammed in her crotch, hot bursts of pee leaked out every few moments. Her underwear was slowly getting soaked with droplets of urine, and she could feel the wetness clinging to her vulva.

Soon the traffic had finally cleared, and they were just five minutes away now. Abby’s bladder was flashing on fire, and she could feel it practically pounding within her. She squeezed her crotch so hard she was in danger of harming herself, but she didn’t care. They were almost there. Just a few more minutes, that’s all. Her legs shuddered violently, and she felt another spurt of pee escape. She was losing control, she just couldn’t bear it much longer, it was too painful. Oh, god, PLEASE, just get there already. She was in absolute agony.

“There’s the office,” Mrs. Wilkins announced. Abby’s head snapped up, hardly daring to believe it. But her boss was right; there, on the right, was their destination, the large white office building which housed their client Mr. Lee’s firm. They were finally here, she had actually made it. Had she not been in gruesome pain, she might even have managed a smile of happiness.

As the cab pulled into the parking lot, Abby grabbed her handbag with her left hand, still squeezing her crotch with her right as she waited anxiously for the driver to pull up to the entrance. Every second mattered now, because she had no idea when her burnt out muscles were going to give out for good. When the car finally came to a stop, Abby shoved the door open and clambered out onto the pavement. Not looking back, she hurried towards the glass doors of the building, doing the same awkward tight-legged shuffle she’d done back at the station. She didn’t even care how stupid she looked anymore; the only thing she wanted right now, more than anything else in the world, was a toilet, and she didn’t care if she had to kill someone for it.

Shoving through the doors, Abby burst into the spacious lobby, Mrs. Wilkins following close behind. She spun her head like a wild dog, searching desperately for the bathroom. Dammit, where is it?!

“There’s no bathroom in the lobby,” Mrs. Wilkins said to her. “Come on, let’s ask the receptionist.” She made her way to the reception desk up front, and Abby shadowed her footsteps. Behind the counter sat a lovely young brunette lady, who greeted the two of them with a smile. “Hello, how can I help you two?” Abby stood in front of the counter, hands clutching her handbag at her waist, her knees jiggling wildly back and forth. She was immensely thankful that the lobby was empty.

“We’re actually looking for the restrooms,” Mrs. Wilkins answered. “Could you please point us out?”

“Absolutely! Just head down this hallway, turn left at the corner, then head down to the end. It’ll be on your right.” The receptionist indicated to a hallway off to the side. Mrs. Wilkins thanked her, then glanced at Abby before turning and leading the way. Her hands still clutching her handbag to her crotch, Abby stumbled after her, feeling the immense weight of her bladder starting to break through her strained sphincter. The moment they entered the hallway, she felt a massive spurt of pee squirt out, drenching her panties inside. She shoved her right hand into her crotch again, pausing in her stride just a moment to regain control before she resumed, hobbling forward after Mrs. Wilkins.

With every step, the force of her bladder seemed to intensify exponentially, as if it could sense that the bathroom was just up ahead. She was literally seconds away from losing complete control, and she had to get to the toilet before then. The throbbing, aching pain was so great now she almost burst into tears. Even with her hand lodged between her thighs, she could feel more drops of pee leaking out with each second as her control waned rapidly. She had no idea how she was going to get her pants down in time.

As they approached the end of the hall, the door to the Ladies room finally appeared in her sight. At that moment, it was like setting her eyes on the holy grail. Nothing else in the world mattered more than that door, and what lay within.

Mrs. Wilkins reached it first, but she stepped aside and turned around, looking at Abby and indicating to the door. “Go ahead, Abby, you first.” Abby nodded gratefully and squeaked out a breathless “thank you” as she stumbled towards the door, reaching out for the door handle. For a split second, Abby was apprehensive, fearing that the door would be locked as it had been at the train station.

But mercifully, this time it was open, and the door yielded to Abby’s urgent push, revealing the little room inside. “Oh my god,” Abby gasped as she burst inside, slamming the door shut behind her with a bang. Her left arm trembled as it fumbled with the lock on the door, and the moment the lock was in place, she buried both hands between her legs. Just the sight of the pristine white toilet before her had sent her bladder into hyperdrive, and she could feel the overfilled dam inside about burst wide open. But she had to get her pants down first, she couldn’t let go until then.

Breathing heavily and feeling her heart pounding in her chest, she ripped her hands out from her crotch and began wrestling with the button of her pants, her thighs squished together as tightly as humanly possible. As she tugged and pulled, she felt her tortured muscles starting to give up their fight, unable to hold it in any longer.

And then, the moment she finally got the button undone, her sphincter gave out completely.

With a loud, echoing hiss, the pee that had been trapped inside her urethra came bursting out at last, gushing out into her white panties, which remained snug around her waist.

In a complete panic, Abby ripped down the zipper, then tore her pants down to her knees to get them out of the way. She was pissing full-force into her panties, rivulets of pee loudly splattering all over the floor and toilet below. In one last swift movement, she yanked her underwear down her thighs, freeing her stream at last, before collapsing onto the cold toilet seat at long last.

Pee erupted out of her pee hole with astonishing power, roaring into the porcelain below with unbelievable volume. In one incredible instant, every muscle, every fiber in her body that had been clenched so tightly, relaxed all at the same time, and Abby sagged in absolute and total relief as the excruciating pain that she had endured for the past five hours finally began dissipating. Oh, the relief, it was incredible, pure ecstasy, a feeling so overwhelming that tears flowed down her face. Her eyes drooped closed, and a moan that she could not contain escaped her mouth as she sighed. She leaned forward, hands on her bare thighs, savoring the waves of relief flooding through her body. She could feel the river of pee coursing through her urethra, jetting out through the little hole between her pussy lips. Oh, it felt so good. She felt like she was floating on air, as if a massive weight had been lifted from her shoulders.

“Ohhh… thank you, ohh…” She was completely delirious from the tremendous relief rushing through her body. On and on her stream went, her bladder pouring out a seemingly endless supply of urine. Abby had never peed so much in her entire life. She could’ve put out a house fire with this much fluid. It was well over a minute before it finally slowed down to a trickle, then tapered off with a final few drops.

Abby let out a final deep sigh, dropping her head into her hands with her elbows leaning on her thighs. She felt light-headed as feelings of euphoria flowed through her body. A tingling sensation ran up her spine, sending a little shiver down her back. Her whole body felt weak. For another minute she sat there, eyes closed and breathing deep, feeling exhausted and more relieved than she ever had in her life. She couldn’t believe peeing could feel this good. It had been such a close call, but somehow she had made it just on time.

Well… almost. When she finally opened her eyes and surveyed the situation around her, she was taken aback by what she saw. The floor in front of the toilet was flooded with large puddles of her pee. Even in the few seconds that she had leaked before she sat down, she had unleashed an incredible amount. She felt her underwear which sat stretched between her thighs, and found every bit of it was completely drenched. Her pants, thankfully, had avoided most of the impact, save for a few minor wet patches which would dry quickly anyway.

Slowly she got up, pulling her wet panties back around her waist. She didn’t have any spares, so she had no option but to wear them for the rest of the day. Maybe it was a little gross, but at that moment she was just too happy and relieved to care.

With her pants back up, she stepped gingerly around the puddles. God, that’s a lot of pee. She definitely couldn’t leave this mess behind. Reaching down, she grabbed a handful of toilet paper and set to work.

After a lot of bending over and wiping, Abby stood back and examined the scene, feeling satisfied that she had cleaned up as best she could. There was no evidence to tell that some poor young woman had half pissed themselves in here.

Slinging her handbag back over her shoulder, Abby brushed herself down before opening the door and stepping outside. Mrs. Wilkins, who’d been waiting by the door, looked at her as she emerged. “Feel better?” she asked with a smile. Abby blushed a little again, but nodded and replied, “Yeah, much better.”

“Good. Now wait for me, I have to go too.” With that, Mrs. Wilkins disappeared into the restroom, while Abby stood waiting outside, still feeling immensely relieved after her agonizing, five-hour long wait. How on earth did I not wet myself? She honestly had no idea. It had been a truly monumental effort, and she had been pushed to her absolute limit. Yet somehow, through some incredible feat of strength, she had held on. She couldn’t help but feel a little pride at her tenacity.

It had certainly been an eventful trip to say the least, and she sure as hell was glad it was finally over. At least now she had learned a valuable lesson: never pass up an opportunity to use the bathroom. That was one mistake she would never make again.

The End
