Lily's wet night

Author: Kostka brukowa

*000*2024-07-10 19:43

Hi, this is my first story, based off the top of my head on a fiction i've read about 8 years ago. I hope it's at least somewhat enjoyable even though the ending is a bit stiff :3

###

She was on the street. Passing her were people too busy to care about the brunette 19-year-old. And Lily was too busy to care about the crowd either, as she felt her full to the brim bladder about to release its contents. The pleasure she felt forced Lily to forget about where to pee. Lily turned torwards shop window, which reflected her silhouette. The reflection wasn't good but was good enough to see what She had on herself. White sneakers, tight blue Jean's and a white sweater. Lily wondered what panties did she decided to wear but quickly was forced to stop the thought as Her bladder finally gave up.

A comfortable warmth started spreading between her legs slowly creeping down closely followed by a dark patch perfectly visible on those jeans. She didn't stop however, getting engulfed in pleasure from finally releasing the pressure and doing it in public. Again, Lily looked in store's windows, noticing passing people looking down at her butt and legs. She knew they were looking at the dark patch that covered insides of her legs. Lily looked down, to see if a puddle formed between her slightly spread legs...

...She opened her eyes. The room was dark, with only a bit of moonlight creeping in through curtains. Soon Lily's awareness figured out what is happening. She was in her room, in her home and it's the middle of the night. Not long after Lily got reminded of the dream, an amazing dream that just occured. Subconsciously her hand ventured to her panties, feeling they were dry, and wondering if that's good or a bad sign. The thought of bedwetting was equally as exciting as the dream. In this moment Lily realized just how close was she to realization of this scenario.

Her bladder was full, and was demanding to be emptied, this being likely the cause of her awakening. Lily pulled back the covers, all she wore was a blue nightdress and pink panties. She pulled the nightdress revealing the panties and sat up on the bed. She took a moment to massage herself The slight massage she did made Lily even more excited and the thought of wetting so much more enticing. The bladder was full and Lily felt that, knowing well that if she won't go to bathroom now, she will definitely loose control in a bit.

Lily laid back down, closing her eyes and waiting for the point of no return. As she laid her mind wandered, thinking about the dream she just had and other situations linked to her hobby. A few minutes had passed, and Lily didn't even know when bladder was too full to delay the decision any further. Lily felt the pressure in her abdomen rise and laid her hand on her thigh, awaiting what will happen as she knew the time is up. Right after, the pressure started going away as Lily felt her muscles relaxing and a warmth spread through her panties quickly getting them soaked. Lily got up, and despite the blissful feeling rushed to the bathroom. Her path marked small puddles of pee as every step was marked with a loud leak.

As Lily got to the bathroom, she hurried to turn on the light and threw herself on the toilet, not bothering to take the already completely soaked panties off, she let the stream flow with full force and as the bladder finally got emptied the pleasure got to it's peak. After calming down her breathing, Lily ran her fingers over the wet panties. She got up and looked in the mirror. Nightdress had a dark spot from her crotch down, and as she lifted the clothing she saw the panties, now dark, started to stick to her privates.

Lily decided to go back to her room. As she came back she sat next to her bed and bent the knees, spreading her legs a little. Again her hand went down to her crotch, lightly massaging her clitoris through wet panties and getting ever so slightly wetter. As she pushed more on her favourite spots, Lily couldn't resist the slight moans escaping her mouth, soon, the pent up tension of her, got Lily on the edge, and with a small spurt, she came. Letting a couple minutes pass while calming down, finally Lily went back to bed in wet panties, awaiting dreams of new fantasies

