I Think my Boss Needs to Pee - Page 7

Author: knockonthedoor

*154*2022-02-07 10:30

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

Cassie had won me over a while ago when we got to know her a bit better in her chapter with Mary-Ann.

To get Anna to loosen up, perhaps Cassie could befriend her and convince her to come over to Cassie's place. While over there Cassie finds out about Anna's condition. A couple days or weeks later, Cassie asks Anna to go out and Anna finally agrees knowing that she will have Cassie help if when she gets in a desperate situation.

I don't know if you have room for another scenario in chapter 5, but I though of another one. What if as a result of all the holding they've been doing the women become temporarily incontinent for a day?

Also I've been wondering. Is Anna's condition based on anything in real life? Or did you just make it up for this story? I won't hold it against you if you made it up.

}}

I like the idea of Cassie learning about Anna’s condition and still wanting to hang out with her. Don’t know if that’d be an interlude or chapter 6 though. I hate rejecting ideas, but chapter 5 is a packed as it is. We’ve still got 4 parts to go.

I based Anna’s condition loosely on a Neurogenic Bladder. But instead of it being a mental or nervous system incident, I had it surgery related. And some people can get it to where their bladder doesn’t release when they have the condition, but obviously Anna”s condition isn’t that. I guess the answer is that it’s a little of both

*156*2022-02-07 18:08

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

Yeah, I didn't think there was room for another scenario. Oh well, maybe it will fit in another part in the future and if not it's no big deal.

}}

I like the idea, but I’m also a little unsure on execution. Did you have somthing more specific with that idea?

*157*2022-02-07 18:14

{{18 minutes ago, PeeHour said:

Quick turnaround! I liked Anna's perspective, even if the wetting wasn't intentional. I also like Cassie's rough-around-the-edges attitude; it provides a nice contrast to the other, more professional characters. And to answer your question from last time, I also like Nia's character. Her transformation to getting into wetting/peeing based on her friendship with Karenna was a nice way to introduce the omo world to her. However, my favorite interactions are still between Karenna and Mary-Ann, so having Nia there kind of diverts attention away from that at times (which some others may actually like). Nothing against her character though, I still enjoy her scenes and think she's a great addition to the story as someone not in the office.

And I approve of the use of my characters! Their cameos always seem to fit right in. Perhaps it won't just be a cameo in the near future...

Keep up the good work!

}}

Would Nia work better on her own you think? I agree the chemistry between Karenna and Mary-Ann is still great, but they’ll get plenty of time to shine as the story goes along.

Did anyone else think that Keri was probably not frying chicken as Anna had hoped?

Also, I know accidental wetting isn’t your thing, but did the fact that they wore their wet skirts for the rest of the day work?

*159*2022-02-08 14:19

{{6 hours ago, orangelion said:

They would have to do spend the day somewhere they don’t mind peeing on probably somewhere outside. For example, in chapter 5 I was thinking they could stay on the patio, go to the lake shore, or go hiking.

Now for the scenario, after a particularly extreme hold their muscles are weak which results in incontinence where they pee involuntarily without feeling an urge. Karenna obviously loves it and happily wets herself; others could remove panties and/or their pants at some point to avoid rewetting them constantly. Maybe Anna could be in the group and seeing the others have incontinence will make her feel better about her condition.

As for what leads to them having an extreme hold, I have an idea. The women want to get there early to get a spot in a popular campsite, but they are running a bit late, so they rush over there without any or few breaks. When they get there, they see a line as the site is already at capacity. So, they must wait for campers to leave so the next people in line can go in. As you can imagine waiting in line gets them desperate, but they can’t leave that car because all the other cars in line will see. They also can’t use Mary-Ann’s towel because she either forgot to put it in her car after she washed it, or Anna already saturated it by having several emergencies during the trip.

This scenario will clearly require a lot of prior set-up. If you don't like this I think I might be able to come up with a simpler scenario between 2 or 3 people.

}}

While I think it’d be too difficult to get Anna in with the girls in chapter 5, I still like the idea of the office girls having something like a team building exercise down the road that can lead to a scenario like this!

Id also be interested in hearing your other scenario though

*161*2022-02-09 00:51

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

Oh yeah, I know Anna can't be with the girls in chapter 5. I made that specific scenario to take place sometime after chapter 5 since you said you couldn't fit this scenario in the chapter. I'm glad you like the idea.

}}

I actually think I can build a plot around this, it gives me an idea to communicate more of the story through it. Instead of doing an interlude with it, I think this'll be like midway through chapter 7. I plan on using all 4 girls too!

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

I can't recall if anyone has a house apart from Nia. I know Karenna has an apartment and I think Cassie does too, but I don't know about he other two. I mention this because I was thinking this scenario should take place in a backyard where they have privacy and don't mind incontinent leaking on the ground. Although it could also take place in doors if they don't mind peeing on the ground; my guess is that Karenna would be the least likely to mind as she has already wet in her own apartment.

}}

Right now, they're all in apartments, but Mary-Ann will be moving out soon. But that's a plot point.

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

I never though of the sound of a woman peeing was similar to frying chicken, but I guess it can sound a bit similar. Anna's mind must have been doing everything it can to avoid the thought of peeing if she thought that Keri was frying chicken.

}}

I'm glad you caught the subtext! Yeah, she wasn't frying chicken or anything, but Anna did not want to think of what the alternative was

*164*2022-02-09 05:59

{{3 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Loving these chapters, can't wait for my scenario!

}}

Just starting working on it now! Don’t have an ETA but it is in progress!

*165*2022-02-21 03:30

A/N: Finally! The last of the long sub-chapters is here! The remaining sections of chapter 5 really only focus on one set piece instead of like 5, so the time between writing each section should decrease. For this one, we return to the girls trip with Mary-Ann, Karenna and Nia. This is @LifeIsStrange

's suggestion that the girls have a scavenger hunt, and instead of having them find just a set of objects, I put a fun literary twist on it that I hope works well. Also, @PeeHour

's idea of having Nia and Mary-Ann get a little tipsy is in this section as well. As always, questions at the bottom, and feedback is not only appreciated but encouraged!

Chapter 5.8: Karenna's Drama

Nia was in her groove. She wiped down the countertop with a sanitized rag and threw her hips to the music. Her butt swayed and jiggled as she maneuvered and danced. It didn’t matter that her bladder was having a fit, complaining about its fullness. Nia was having a blast as she held it.

“Ope!” Mary-Ann ducked away from the kitchen as she saw her friend dance

Nia took her headphones out. “Morning! Don’t be scared girl!”

“Sorry, you’re just in your-“

“Panties? I know, I hardly ever wear them. But I figured you didn’t want me cleaning the way I usually do.”

“Naked?”

Nia smiled “You do it too?”

“Uh. No.”

Nia shrugged and grabbed a breakfast plate off of the counter near the sink “Don’t hate me cuz I’m beautiful. Here. I made you breakfast.”

“I didn’t say you weren’t.” Mary-Ann took a bite “Where’d you learn to cook? Everything you’ve made has been awesome!”

As Nia answered, she crossed her legs. She wished she knew about the delights of a full bladder sooner. In a way, she had always held it for a while before using the bathroom. Partly because of necessity, and partly because she could. In school, she hated putting up her hand and asking for permission to use the restroom. On the court, she had no choice. She was the best player in high school, college, and by her estimation, the pros. Pros can’t leave their team to use the restroom in the middle of a game. She had always held it for someone else. Now, she was holding it for her.

Her thoughts were interrupted by the dinging of Mary-Ann’s phone. Groaning, the business woman reviewed the text.

The distraction gave Nia a moment to clutch her privates. Her white panties were thin, and she could feel the heat from her genitals as they clenched. Her hold would have to come to an end soon. How it would end, Nia didn’t know.

“Hey, Anna needs to give me a call, do you mind if I take this?”

Nia shook her head, hands still in her groin. Mary-Ann made her way to the front door to speak outside. Soon, her presence was replaced by Karenna, who exited her room. Nia was surprised Karenna was as dressed down as she was. Dressed only in a white t-shirt and a pair of yellow panties. She looked surprisingly alert

“You’re looking awake this morning.”

“That’s because…um…I have a bit of an issue.”

Fear knifed into Nia’s heart. Worried, Nia raised an eyebrow.

“Don’t tell me you wet the bed again.”

“No!” Karenna looked at her friend, the whites of her eyes giving an ere of innocence and embarrassment “But I’ve kind of…peed in all of my clothes. Can I use the washing machine?”

Nia laughed “Didn’t you come prepared?”

“I thought I did!”

Smiling and giving a sigh, Nia gave her friend permission. She was going to do her own laundry anyway, and adding Karenna’s into the mix wouldn’t be any extra work. The sight of her own pile of soiled pants that she had kept in the bathroom gave Nia an idea on the end of her hold. After making her way back to the laundry room, she waited for Karenna to return. Her knees bouncing as she did so.

Karenna joined her in the laundry room shortly. Her face was hidden behind the large ball of clothes in her hands. Each article of clothing, whether it was jeans, leggings, shorts or sweats, was stained. Decorated with Karenna’s inability or refusal to find a proper restroom. Every pair of soiled bottoms had a pair of panties to match, and as Karenna separated her ball of used clothes, Nia bounced in front of the washing machine. Karenna smiled at her, but said nothing. Nia executed her plan

“Not gonna lie girl. I got to go!”

“I can see that.”

There was a slight pause. Nia started to help separate Karenna’s clothes.

“You’re not kidding. You pissed in all of these.”

“Yup! Everything but what I’m wearing.”

“Why not make it everything?”

Karenna’s eyes lit up. She smiled excitedly from ear to ear “Right here? I thought we couldn’t play in the house?”

Karenna didn’t get a response, instead, she got a sound. A sudden splatter rang out through the laundry room, followed by a hiss. Karenna didn’t have to look to understand what was going on, yet she did. Her longtime friend was still sorting Karenna’s pee-stained laundry, but was wetting her own panties. The white fabric had become transparent, and Nia’s pubic hair was matted to her quickly soaked panties. Karenna watched as a strong, single stream rocketed through the relatively light protection that her panties offered and continued to expand the puddle that had formed under her friends feet. Another, much weaker flow made its way off of her bubble butt and dripped into the same growing puddle on the tile floor. Nia smiled at Karenna

“Maybe just this once. You wanna see how big we can make this puddle?”

Karenna looked up and smiled back at her friend. Nia was still pissing as she sighed.

“Girl, you don’t know how good this feels. It’s so warm…I’ve been waiting all morning!”

“Look how fast Boss and I have you doing holds!”

Nia stopped. She was nearly empty. Turning around to face Karenna, she still wore her smile and a happy radiance about her. Karenna couldn’t help but stare at the now transparent front of Nia’s white panties. The outline of her friends labia stuck to the drenched fabric. As it dripped with fresh piss, Karenna admired it. She hadn’t seen Nia like this before, but now that she had-

“Holds?” Nia interrupted Karenna’s thoughts

“Yeah! It’s when you hold it for a while on purpose, then let it go. Mary-Ann does it all the time. I don’t think she ever realizes that I can tell when she has to pee, but its super obvious!”

“Kind of like how you’re starting at me?”

“I…um…” Karenna stumbled as her friend called her out

To Karenna’s astonishment, Nia pulled her piss soaked panties to the side

“Is mine any different than yours?”

“Uh…um…” Karenna could only stutter, her mind unable to comprehend the immediate gratification

“This is the only chance you’re going to get. Is this all you wanted to see?”

Nia contracted her bladder muscles again and pushed the rest of her morning pee out. Now free of the fabric confines of her panties, a small ark of piss jetted forward and landed in the wet puddle below. Quickly, the stream weakened and became only a trickle, rolling down Nia’s long legs. She didn’t mind that she exposed herself to her friend. Years of experience in locker rooms had desensitized her to her nakedness in front of others. She cared only to stamp out the potential infatuation that Karenna might develop for her. If all it took was to present herself to Karenna, it was an easy trade.

Karenna looked at Nia’s pussy. She looked her friend in the eyes. She looked back down to Nia’s pussy. Her friend parted her labia, exposing her normally hidden pink skin.

“See? Same as yours.” She closed her lips again, and covered herself with her piss covered panties. “I’ll be honest Karenna. I love holding it. I love that this is something that you and Mary-Ann have both given me. And sometimes-“ Nia motioned to her pissed panties “-sometimes I even enjoy not making it to the bathroom. But if this ever turns sexual, I’ll never play with you again. Is that clear?”

Karenna nodded. Nia smiled warmly, hoping she had extinguished the potential flames of infatuation

“Do you still want to add to this?” Nia gestured towards the puddle she had made.

Karenna smiled happily “Of course!”

She squatted down, her lips just visible around her yellow panties. She was low enough to the tiled floor that her butt rested just above the puddle of piss that Nia had created.

“Do you know how much I love this?” Karenna relaxed her hold as she spoke.

Nia walked by the crouching Karenna to get a mop. She saw her friends panties begin to darken

“Yeah. I’ve been a witness all week.” She chuckled at her own joke. “I get it though.”

“Wait. Nia?”

Nia turned to face Karenna. Her friends panties had gone from yellow to black, now saturated and heavy from the overflow of her morning pee.

“C-can you watch me?”

“You promise to never look at me like that again?”

Karenna didn’t respond with words. The simple, knowing look of two inseparable friends was enough for Nia to know that Karenna would respect her wishes. She obliged, and walked over to her panty wetting friend. She put her hand on her shoulder

“You just want me to watch?”

“Could you complement me?”

“I thought you liked being teased?”

“Sometimes. But…I could really use a complement right now.”

Nia cleared her throat “I’ve never in my life looked forward to pissing on myself. But you’ve got me excited about it Kar.”

Karenna looked up, her wetting coming to a close. Her eyes were bright with excitement

“You mean tomorrow?”

Nia nodded

“You’re really excited about it? You’re not just saying that?”

Nia gave her the same look back. One that could only be given after years of friendship.

Karenna put her head on her friends hand “You always know what to say. I’m so excited too!”

“I know you are” Nia chuckled “Let me help you clean up. Looks like you’re done here.”

As Nia walked out of the laundry room, she heard Karenna thank her.

It was a nice day. One that Mary-Ann could spend her time basking in. The warm sun was blocked only occasionally by a stray cloud, currently, her only worry was Anna. Even over the phone, the poor girl sounded tense, distracted. Mary-Ann, knowing Anna’s condition, was worried. She interrupted Anna’s report of the end of the week

“Anna, are you ok?”

“Yeah. Fine. I’m fine.”

“You don’t sound it. Do you need to take a break? I can wait.”

“I’m not a kid!” Anna burst in sudden anger “And you! …” She stopped herself “I’m-I’m sorry Mary-Ann.”

“Easy. I’m not trying to shame you. You just seemed tense.”

Anna looked down at her skirt. It hadn’t even been an hour after her escapade with Cassie. Her pee stained skirt was a constant reminder of how powerless she was over her own body. She tried to calm herself as she gave Mary-Ann a rundown on the business week.

It would have been slightly monotonous for Mary-Ann if Anna wasn’t as tense as she was. Hearing the door open behind her, Mary-Ann could feel Nia’s tall presence behind her. Her friend made no effort to interrupt the phone call, but stood, and enjoyed the rays of sun as well. She waited, giving Mary-Ann time to end her call.

“Is that all, Anna?”

The girl replied

“Alright. You’ve both done a great job this week. Give Cassie my best. Have her charge a pizza to the company for lunch or something, I think you two have earned it.”

Anna mumbled something about Cassie having given her enough and the conversation ended. Mary-Ann turned to Nia

“Are we doing much today?”

“Plenty. I thought that I’d take you boot shopping today. And Maybe Kar would like to make a game for us to play when we get back.”

“She wouldn’t come with us?”

“I’ll offer. But she’s not that kind of girl.”

“Is there something wrong with being a girly girl?”

Nia looked offended “Is there? I thought I was one.”

Mary-Ann pursed her lips “I don’t know. I always thought you were a strong, powerful woman.”

“You can be strong and still be a little effeminate. When I’m on the court, hell yeah I’m tough. But I can be a girl too.”

Mary-Ann nodded in agreement. The two stood in silence for a while, admiring the trees, the hills, the sun, everything the property had to offer. While Mary-Ann was still oblivious to the fact that Nia was wearing wet panties, the two eventually agreed to head back inside and plan the rest of their day with Karenna. Nia walked in front, amazed that her now drying panties hadn’t yet been called out.

“Why is Kar cleaning?” Mary-Ann noticed her friend and employee in the laundry room

“She had an accident. Her mess, her job.”

Mary-Ann gasped, angry with Karenna “In the house! You told her-“

Nia smiled a devilish smile as she turned to face Mary-Ann. She pulled her panties up, giving herself a camel-toe.

“I started it.”

Mary-Ann mouthed the word “dang”. She realized that Nia had scored a point. She’d have to find a way to hide her next wetting in order to even the score. A loss today would mean that Nia would win the game and Mary-Ann would be at her mercy for some sort of dare. That was not going to happen.

“Started what?” Karenna entered the kitchen and the conversation. Still wearing her pee stained panties

“Mary-Ann asked why you were cleaning.”

Karenna nodded

“And speaking of your boss Kar, I was thinking I’d take her boot shopping like I promised yesterday. Do you want in?”

Karenna responded unenthusiastically “I’d-I’d have to wait…this is all I have left for clothes and-“

“Or would you rather design a game for us to play?”

“Scavenger hunt!”

Nia was taken aback. She perked her eyebrows “Well…I guess we know what you’ll be doing.”

“Sorry. They were always my favorite game. I’d be happy to wait for you guys to get back and have something for you then.”

With that, it was decided. Nia quickly changed while Mary-Ann downed a glass of water. She was thankful for her skirt. She was sure that it would lead her to a stealthy victory.

The town had come into view. While it had been a pleasant drive, it was mostly quiet. The glass of water that she had taken was starting to rest comfortably in Mary-Ann’s bladder. Every now and again, she’d take an absent minded sip from the bottle she brought with her and place it back into the car’s cupholder.

“I still can’t believe the cup holder on this thing.”

“Genius, right?”

“I kind of want one. It heats, and cools?”

“So helpful, right? Keeps coffee nice and hot. Or not.”

Mary-Ann giggled at the joke “What do you think Kar will have for us?”

“Something creative. She’s got a mind for it. To be honest, I hope she doesn’t make the scavenger hunt too hard.”

“Oh c’mon Nia, your smart enough!”

“Not what school used to tell me. Honestly, its how we met. She was some nerd in drama club and doing you know, nerd things. And I was into sports and…more sports. They had a tutoring club, and I needed to stay on the team. They required a C average. I might not have gone pro if it wasn’t for her. They might not have even let me in the door.”

“So she got stuck with you?”

“Eh. I felt bad for her. I mean-look. We all grew up rough. But she, she had it bad.”

“Bullies?”

Nia scoffed “I wish that was it. Girls can be mean, you know? And…she was kind of heavy, in school. At least like middle school. And its easy then, because when they’d make fun of her, she could always call me over to scare ‘em off. I’ve always been tall. She got hot…I think it was sophomore year of high school.”

“Hot?”

“What, don’t you think she’s pretty?”

“Of course I do! I just, I dunno. I wouldn’t describe my friends as hot.”

Nia shrugged. “I call girls hot and guys hot. I’m married, but I still got eyes. Not that I’d ever leave Drew mind you, but…anyway. It got worse for her when she got hot.”

Mary-Ann looked at Nia, confused

“Look. Her brother…never mind. He’s a bastard and he got what was coming to him.”

Nia’s tone had shifted. Clearly anger remained. Mary-Ann didn’t press her. In awkward silence the two entered the town. As they headed towards a parking space, Nia said her peace

“What you need to know girl is that Karenna’s never been happier. At least, I’ve never seen her so bright. She doesn’t trust easy, but you. You brought out some side of her that she’s tried to hide for years.”

The two stepped out of the car as they parked. The conversation halted briefly. As the pair walked to the shoe store, Mary-Ann asked

“What-and this might be too much but…what did you mean, he got what was coming to him?”

“Prison. 20 years I think. But it should be forever.”

Mary-Ann left it at that. This was supposed to be a fun outing. Instead it had gotten rather depressing. Nonetheless, her pride in Karenna as a person and an employee was only bolstered by Nia’s words.

The shoe store was small, but idyllic. Situated just outside the main road that led into town, it was still close to the river. From the front windows, one could observe the roaring waters and passing cars alike. The shop had plenty of headroom, and Nia could comfortably stand. They were approached by a saleswoman almost immediately, and Nia led her to Mary-Ann, before browsing the shelves alone.

Mary-Ann wasn’t bothered by the woman, on the contrary, she was rather helpful. The two chatted about boots and shoes for a while. As the conversation moved to business in general, Mary-Ann started to clench her filling bladder.

“…we’ve been here for quite a while. Almost 10 years now. Yeah, business is great. The tourism really helps.”

“Hmmm...I’m sure it does. You…you know. I think I like-like these.” Mary-Ann sighed, her legs wiggling

“I’m sure they’ll look great on you. Our, um, our bathrooms are just over there” The woman pointed

Having another plan in mind, Mary-Ann brushed off the comment “Oh, I’m fine.” She crossed her legs “These, these will do.”

Nodding, accepting the sale but confused about the bathroom refusal, the woman walked behind the counter. Nia filed in behind Mary-Ann, holding a pair of long brown boots. Mary-Ann stopped her wiggling and movements that would give her filling bladder away. She couldn’t let Nia on to the fact that she had to go. It may blow her plan.

Mary-Ann paid in cash. The transaction was simple. Nia followed but paid by card, Mary-Ann held herself under her skirt while she waited. It was a little short for her liking, but she was on vacation. In her mind, it would bring her victory, and it was worth it. Exiting the store, the two walked together, both caring their bounties by the handles of cheap paper bags. The small store was bougee in nearly every aspect but their bags. Still, it gave Mary-Ann a better idea.

As they got to the car, Mary-Ann put her bag down, and claimed that she wanted to try on her new boots. Nia opened the door on her side and did the same. Rather than immediately pull off her old shoes, Mary-Ann perched herself on the door-well of the passenger seat. Carefully, she slid the paper bag beneath her. Pulling out her new boots, she took off and placed her old shoes inside the bag. As her arms swayed towards her new boots, Mary-Ann felt a wave of desperation from her bladder to her snatch. She didn’t fight, she didn’t protest. Instead, her blue panties, which hid under her skirt, began to feel warm. Mary-Ann smiled to herself, she was peeing her panties.

Quickly, the cotton fabric was overrun, and a clear, forceful stream coagulated just below her pee-hole, and inside her panties. Feeling the weight of her bladder bearing down on them, her panties distended away from the privates they were to be protecting and began to spew out her urine. A dark, almost black patch appeared on the front of them, and the running excess urine fell into the paper bag.

It was semi-public, yet discreet. Nia, nor anyone else could hear or see what she was doing. It was bold, but bold action would win her the game she and Nia were playing. Drips and drops ran over her old shoes, which were still in the bag, and the paper bag itself quickly darkened. It was wet, but not soaked and sodden the way her panties were.

“How do they fit?”

“Um. G-great!”

“Girl, let me see!”

“Uh…wait…let me get…” Mary-Ann began to fumble with her new boots.

Nia walked around the side of the car. Expecting to meet Mary-Ann near the trunk, instead, her friend was still struggling with her final boot. She hopped towards Nia, then stood still. Smiling.

“You look good!”

“Thanks! Feel good.”

With that, the two decided to meet Karenna at the house. Nia drove, unaware that Mary-Ann had wet her panties, and had scored a point for herself.

Karenna stood in front of the house as she watched the expensive car make its way down the driveway. She hoped her friends would come prepared to play. Proud of her game, she was grateful that Nia had allowed her the freedom to design something she hoped they could all enjoy. As the car parked, she hoped they would be fast. Part of her explanation required a full bladder, and Karenna had been enjoying both soda and water in equal measure. As her friends exited the car, Karenna swayed her weight from hip to hip.

“Back already?” She called out

“We had fun. But I had to make sure you didn't burn the place down!” Nia retorted

“Hey, I’m an adult! I live by myself. You can trust me!”

“I trust you with games. What do you have for us?”

Both Nia and Mary-Ann dropped their things at the door and gave Karenna their undivided attention. Still wearing her new boots, none of them knew about Mary-Ann’s wet panties, but they could all see the desperate twinges in Karenna’s body, as she shuffled in her grey jeans.

“I took some inspiration from my favorite author for the clues. You all know what a scavenger hunt is, right?”

Nia and Mary-Ann nodded.

“Each clue is a passage or a quote, which should give you two an idea of where to look for the next spot. But there’s a catch.”

Her friends eagerly awaited what the catch was

“You can make each other drink. I’ve put a different liquor at each spot, and you can make the other drink it, but…”

“But?” Nia asked

“You can only make them drink for as long as you pee.”

Mary-Ann gasped “Ohh!” She clapped her hands “This is going to be fun!”

“Here, let me demonstrate.” Karenna spread her legs

“No, I think we get it.” Nia teased

“No, I really, really need to give a 'demonstration'!”

“Mary-Ann?” Nia looked for a partner in crime

“I think Kar’s already starting to demonstrate. Look!”

Mary-Ann pointed to the crotch of Karenna’s jeans. They were slowly darkening, the wider her legs were spread, the harder it was for her to hold it.

“Count- count how long…ah…”

Suddenly, two prongs of streaking darkness erupted down each leg. Over run by her forceful pee, each had a splattering kick of pouring urine that smacked the pavement below. Mary-Ann and Nia began to count

“One” It ran down both her knee caps

“Two” To her ankles

“Three” A puddle began to form as more splattered from her rear

“Four” Each side began to leak at her cuffs, throwing more urine into the puddle

“Five” The stain stopped spreading as Karenna cut off her flow and straightened her legs

“If we were playing, you two would have to drink for that long. Not all at once, but before we left for the next space.”

“What’s the first clue?” Mary-Ann asked

Karenna reached into her back pocket and produced a now soggy sheet of paper. Her pocket itself was warm, having absorbed her piss.

“Um…O-op-o”

Karenna’s legs began to shake, the already darkened crotch of her jeans began to re-stain with the introduction of more piss. Karenna attempted to talk over her accident

“Open…h-her…”

“Teacher’s peeing her pants!” Nia shouted

Karenna grabbed her crotch. Still, more and more urine leaked and sprayed out of her. Karenna stood, shaking, attempting to play along by reading the clue, but unable to hold it any longer. Five seconds was not nearly long enough for her bladder to gain respite and despite her wishes, her pee began to freely flow out of her.

This time, it ran down her thighs. While they had been darkened already by Karenna’s demonstration, now the front of her thighs were inundated with hot, streaming piss. A loud hiss echoed from her moist genitals, matched only by the splattering puddle below her. Still clutching the crotch of her jeans, Karenna’s hand became hot, wet with fresh pee. She gave up trying to speak, and finished peeing her pants instead. When she had finished, Karenna weakly stated

“I-I didn’t actually mean t-to do that.”

“It was fun to watch, if that helps.” Nia explained

Karenna smiled and read from her clue

“Open here I flung the shutter, when, with many a flirt and flutter, In there stepped a stately Raven of the saintly days of yore; Not the least obeisance made he; not a minute stopped or stayed he-“

“Stop!” Nia exclaimed “Are these even words?”

“Yeah, I’m tracking.” Mary-Ann spoke. Karenna continued

“But, with mien of lord or lady, perched above my chamber door-Perched upon a bust of Pallas just above my chamber door- Perched, and sat, and nothing more.”

“Well…I lose.” Nia was quick to count herself out “I got nothing”

Karenna said nothing as her pants cooled. She was aggravated that her bladder had let her down.

“It’s a tough one. Why don’t we walk?” Mary-Ann suggested “Should we all be…empty?”

“Up to you.” Karenna didn’t have a preference

“I’m good.” Nia really didn’t feel any need

“Me too. I peed when we were shopping.” Mary-Ann said matter-of-factly

Karenna didn’t think anything of it, and the trio began to walk as Mary-Ann thought what the clue could mean. Nia had something else on her mind

“When did you go?”

Mary-Ann smiled slyly to herself “I really had to go while we were shopping, and I decided to go before we got back in the car.”

“Really?” Nia put her hand on Mary-Ann’s butt, just under her skirt “Damn, you really went.”

Mary-Ann swatted Nia’s hand away

“Get your hand off my butt!”

“Hey, I had to check!”

“Fine. But I’ll be sure to show you next time. You know, when I win.”

“You’re not winning this.”

Mary-Ann shrugged. “Tie game though.”

There was a quiet as the group roamed the driveway. Mary-Ann was racking her brain over what Karenna’s clue could possibly mean. Lord or Lady. She thought. Could that be it? What on earth could that mean? Shutter? Mary-Ann looked at the house. No storm shutters. Days of yore? Kids maybe? No, that doesn’t make any sense. Mary-Ann decided to chat, and bring her mind back to the topic afterwards

“Kar. Nia tells me you were in the drama club.”

“For a little bit, yeah. I love theater, and music. The people in drama club? Not so much.”

“I see. Maybe you could join an improv group in town or something. Might be fun. I had no idea you liked that kind of stuff.”

The conversation ended there. But the break had given Mary-Ann a second to recoup her thoughts. Chamber door. Perched upon a bust…

“Nia, the gate has an eagle bust, right?”

“Yeah.”

“Perched upon a bust. I bet that’s where Kar hid it!”

“Race?”

“How’s that fair? Mrs. Pro Athlete.”

“Fine, but c’mon! I’ll bet it’s there.”

Karenna said nothing, but Mary-Ann was right.

The group reached the top of the hill that was bisected by the driveway. Ignoring the sides of the paved path, it was easy to spot the glint of an object propped against the base of the perched eagles. Nia was the first to reach it.

“Uncle Rooster’s sour mash Bourbon.” She paused “Kar, where did you find this?”

“In your liquor cabinet, where else?”

“Must be Drew’s…I’m not going to have to drink any, am I?”

Mary-Ann shook her head “I don’t have to go.”

“..but I do…” Karenna said slyly.

“Again? It’s been like 2 seconds since your ‘demonstration’.”

“You should be excited to try new things!”

Nia made a face. Mary-Ann conceded

“I-I actually kind of want to try it.”

“You’ll have enough for a little bit.” Karenna sat on the driveway she pointed between her friends “Which one of you is going to keep time?”

“Me” Nia said quickly

“I don’t think it’ll be a ton. Maybe if I…” Karenna rolled onto her back and pulled her legs towards herself.

While not a full camel-toe, there was a small bump just at Karenna’s genitals. The grey denim of her jeans was well wet and nearly black at her crotch. Again it darkened, and Karenna responded

“Ahhh…I love how warm it gets”

Nia watched and counted

“One. Two. Three”

“Ack!”

“What?”

“It went up my butt! I’ve never gone in this position before!”

“You messed up my count!”

“Call it four. I’m done. I think.” Karenna put her legs back down. She sat in a near crab walk, admiring the small puddle that was now running downhill. She smiled at Nia and remembered her desperate phrase from their holding contest. “I had to go potty.”

Nia seemed bothered by the juvenile phrase “Yes. Yes you did.”

Dusting herself off, Karenna stood and watched Nia walk the short distance back to Mary-Ann, who was first to open the bottle. Smelling the now opened bourbon, Mary-Ann enthusiastically raised her eyebrows. The first to take a drink, both Karenna and Nia counted off. Without flinching, Mary-Ann survived the four seconds. She smacked her lips.

“Not bad. I guess. Doesn’t really have the burn that you’d expect, but boy is that rye strong.”

Her words gave Nia encouragement. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad after all. She took the bottle next. Mary-Ann and Karenna counted off

“One, tw-“

“Ow! What the fuck!” Nia coughed and spat, nearly breaking the bottle as she dropped it.

Sinking to her knees, she hacked and attempted to spit out the liquid that she had consumed. It was too late. Mary-Ann picked up the bottle.

“We didn’t get past two.”

Between coughs, Nia argued “You’re going to kill me with that.”

“Oh, its not that bad. Here, one second at a time.”

Karenna and Mary-Ann counted off, and Nia was just barely able to make it past the required time. While she dealt with the heavy taste of the bitter liquor, Mary-Ann asked for the next clue. Karenna pointed the base of the eagle bust. Another written sheet of paper. Mary-Ann was glad that Karenna’s handwriting was impeccable. She read the next clue aloud while Nia fought off another coughing fit.

“I then took up three planks from the flooring of the chamber, and deposited all between the scantlings. I then replaced the boards so cleverly, so cunningly, that no human eye, not even his, could have detected anything wrong.” Mary-Ann thought for a moment. “I honestly have no idea what you could be going for here Kar.”

“I have faith in you boss! You’ll get it.”

Nia took a moment to breathe. Her throat burned. The only positive was the pleasant warmth that was maneuvering down her body with the liquid’s adventure to her stomach. It was immediately followed up by another negative. Her bladder. It felt as though the heavy liquor had dropped right into it as soon as it had passed through her lips. She’d get Mary-Ann back once they found the second spot. She was sure of it.

Mary-Ann was buzzed. If only slightly so. It wasn’t a ton of liquor but it nearly clocked in at 100 proof. It was strong, but at least it was tasty. As the group resumed their pace around the top of the property, Mary-Ann led her mind back to Karenna’s clue. …that no human eye, not even his , could have detected anything wrong. Could that be it? No. There’s no guy around here. Unless Drew. Maybe his sleeping bag?

“Nia, where did you put Drew’s sleeping bag?”

“You mean the one…”

“Yeah, the one Kar used.”

“It was an accident!”

“I wasn’t saying it wasn’t! You know. Never mind. I don’t think Kar would have brought that memory back up.”

Sorry Kar, I didn’t mean to bring that back up. Way to go Mary-Ann, you’re running your own mortgage company and you can’t even pick up on basic social cues? Mary-Ann shook her head, laughing at herself. Turning her attention back to the clue, Mary-Ann thought. I then took up three planks from the flooring of the chamber, and deposited all between the scantlings. Huh. Flooring.

“Kar, did you hide anything in the house?”

“No. I’ll tell you that much, but no more.”

Three planks. Flooring.

“I’ve got it!”

“What?” Nia turned around from her lead position of the trio

“The dock! I then took up three planks from the flooring of the chamber, and deposited all between the scantlings. Kar went under the planks, from the flooring of the dock!”

“Damn Kar, your boss is smart.”

“Isn’t she?” Karenna conceded

The group made its way back down the driveway, past the circular end and over to the dock behind the house. While nothing was quite obvious yet, both Nia and Mary-Ann looked around. The dock itself was empty, and the boat was devoid of any more clues or liquor. Nia walked over a particular board. It was looser than normal.

“Kar, did you break my dock?”

“No!”

“Hmmm…” Nia pulled up on the warped piece of wood

“Then how’d these get down here?” Nia pulled out a bottle of spiced rum and another clue

“It was already lose! Besides, I thought it was a good clue.”

“I swear Karenna, if you ripped up the dock-“

“No! I would never!”

“Ok. Ok.” Nia put her hand up “I believe you. But you can get carried away sometimes, is all.”

“Are either of you going to make the other drink?” Karenna was invested in the answer

Nia tossed the bottle of rum to Mary-Ann. Though surprised, the business woman caught it.

“Yeah, you.” Nia pointed to Mary-Ann “I’m getting you back for making me drink that stuff.” She said playfully, while sliding her long arms behind her back. “I want you to count.” Turning her head to Karenna, Nia asked “Does it have to be with our pants on?”

Karenna hadn’t considered it . She thought for a second

“You know what? Yeah. But the next one is the last. You can pick either way on that one.”

Nia made a face. Karenna figured her friend was having an internal debate. Without taking her eyes off Karenna, Nia admitted

“You know, I really haven’t gone since this morning.”

“One. Two.” Mary-Ann started counting. Karenna knew what was going on. Nia was peeing.

“So I’ve been holding it for a little while actually.”

“Three, four.”

“I don’t honestly know which I like better. But, girl let me tell you. I love holding it.”

“Five, six, seven.”

“Alright, that’s enough.” Nia shook one of her legs, the denim of her jeans holding her urine tightly “Why is it only down this one? Ugh, and its cooling already!”

“So seven?” Karenna asked

“N-no. I c-can’t…”

“Eight, nine.”

“I-I st-stopped it. I think.” Nia looked at Mary-Ann “We gotta find that last one soon. It hurts to stop!”

“Guess you’ll have to hold it while I drink.” Mary-Ann smiled. She took a sip “aren’t you lucky this is kind of weak.”

Nia shoved her hands into her crotch “Hurry!”

“Only if you read the clue.”

“Oh!” Karenna interjected “And she has to solve it this time. No help from you, boss.”

Mary-Ann shrugged and began to down the rum. Nia had gotten hers in the end. In intervals of four, she downed the rum quickly, reaching the nine seconds easily. She pointed the bottle at Nia, the buzz was slowly becoming drunkenness. “Read girl, read.”

Sighing, Nia read the paper, also handwritten. Her hand did not move from her crotch

“He who has never swooned, i-is not he…” Nia sighed “Oh!” She exhaled, holding it. “…who finds strange palaces and wildly familiar faces IN coals that glow.”

“Nia sprung a leak!” Mary-Ann called out

“Sh-shut up! I can hold it!”

Mary-Ann giggled, her drunkenness setting in. Nia took another deep breath and held it again

“..is not he who beholds floating in mid-air the sad visions that the many may not view-“

“Kar, get your friend to s-stop p-peeing! Ne-Nias-s leaking again!”

“Let me finish this stupid thing! …is not he who ponders over the perfume of some novel flower!”

Despite her multiple leaks, they were small, and Nia held much more in her still full bladder. Hinging at the hips and bending down, she still held herself tightly.

“Any ideas?” Karenna was sure she’d have to give up at least one

“I don’t know…flowers, coals, mid-air probably means the hill where we got the firewood.”

“Wow. Yeah you’re dead on…How?”

“Cuz I have to fuckin’ piss! Enh!”

Nia took off across the property, each foot crossing over the last. Despite her athletic prowess and long legs, her stilted movement from her agitated bladder slowed her down. Even slightly drunk, Mary-Ann and a short but sober Karenna were able to keep pace. Just behind Nia’s jiggling butt and wet jeans, Mary-Ann talked to Karenna. Her inside thoughts were out

“Kar! Kar! I have-I have to tell you.” The smell of alcohol on Mary-Ann’s breath was obvious as she grabbed Karenna and pulled her into a one armed hug “Nia. Nia’s gotta p-piss.”

“Yes boss. I can see that.”

“No, no. I mean like. She’s-she-she’s about to wet her pants. Like, its…yeah.”

“I think she can hold it. She’s as strong as you are boss.”

“Y-you-you’re strong too Kar, itsss just that you-you like to pee your pants and-and th-that takes over.”

“I think we-“

“No! Do-do you know what I’m s-saying?”

“Uh?”

“Like wh-when we were with Sarah? Y-you held it like-like a champ!”

“Th-thanks but I-“

“I know, you pissed yourself. But-but listen. Listen. Shoot. I forgot.”

The trio stopped at the base of the hill. Nia walked over to a tree and rested against it. Attempting to help hold it, she rubbed the crotch of her jeans.

“Just, just go girl.” Mary-Ann slurred

“No.” Nia pointed at Karenna “She gave me a challenge. I’m going to pass it.”

“What? What did I-“

“You said if we make it to the last spot we can choose how we go. Right?”

Karenna nodded

“So I’m going to go like a normal person. I said. I like both.” Nia was emphatic, yet desperate

Mary-Ann burst out laughing. A far cry from her normal reaction “Are you masturbating?”

“I’m trying to hold it. It helps.”

Karenna hadn’t noticed it, but the way Nia was messaging her fingers over her jeans made it suddenly clear.

“That-you-you’re supposed to do that after!”

Without saying another word, Nia began to waddle up the hill. Her bladder, which begged for its release, had granted her enough time to make it to the top. Karenna hung on Mary-Ann’s last words. She was curious, a drunk Mary-Ann might tell her more than a sober one. Daring a question she would normally never ask, Karenna took a shot

“Do…do you ever…you know…after?”

“If I’m freaking horny! Yeah!”

“Oh.” Karenna got her answer

“That reminds me! I remember NOW.” Mary-Ann slapped Karenna playfully on the chest

“What? What?” Karenna was shocked at the sudden slap

“Did you.” Mary-Ann paused for no reason other than the fact that she was officially drunk “Did you like it when you pissed your pants in front of Sarah?”

“In hindsight. Yeah. I kind of do. Even, even her reaction.”

“We should- we should do that.”

“Um…”

“Like on a Saturday. You remember when-when I pissed in my office?”

“Yeah?”

“We should-we should reenact one. One of those times. Oh! Or both!”

“But…your rule.” Karenna didn’t really have an objection, but she was loyal to Mary-Ann. She would let her say things she’d have to take back

“Oh…yeah. I forgot-I put that in place, cuz I don’t want you-you…playing. I know you would!”

Karenna didn’t say anything. She knew drunk Mary-Ann meant well, but the fact that she had her rule in place bothered Karenna. Now was not the time to discuss it.

The group reached the top of the hill. The first sight that Nia had shown them when they arrived, the clifftop view was still impeccable. A bottle of vodka glinted in the sunlight. Ignoring the stiff drink, Nia exclaimed

“Finally!”

Dropping her already wet jeans down to just below her butt, Nia bent slightly backwards, her butt towards the picturesque view of the valley below. Her pussy hung just above the edge of her jeans. Immediately, piss rocketed out of her, spraying liberally over the back of her jeans and onto the rocky ground below her. The light grey of the rockface quickly turned black as a wide puddle formed. Nia was holding back no longer.

“Wait, Nia! You were supposed to-“

Nia wasn’t listening to Karenna, in response, she contracted her bladder muscles harder, and the force of her urine exiting her body increased. It splattered the backs of her ankles and splattered onto the hard ground with such noise, that it echoed past her friends ears.

“Me too.” Mary-Ann slurred her words as she wobbled

“But I was hoping-“

Karenna wasn’t heard. In an instant, a strong flow emerged from under Mary-Ann’s skirt. She was standing on the edge of the rockface, closest to the dirt of the woods behind her. The puddle that formed below her began to run backwards, and soak into the dirt behind her.

“You know what? Fine.”

Karenna relaxed her own bladder, rewetting her jeans again. Now the three friends, each standing on the cliff, developed puddles beneath themselves. They were supposed to drink before going this time, but Karenna knew what battles to pick. She still got to pee with her friends and for now, that’s all that mattered to her.

When they had finished, Nia pulled her jeans back up. Her panty-less pussy dripped into the already wet crotch.

“Kar, did you pee again?”

Karenna nodded. “And you two were supposed to drink before going this time.”

“Oh. Sorry. I was so focused on going that-“

“It’s fine. Just, you know, have some now, and I’ll call it even.”

“Does anyone want these?” Mary-Ann was holding her crumpled panties in her hand, in her drunkenness, she was legitimately offering them. “I had…two accidents…in…in these. Today.”

“I don’t want ‘em” Nia was quick to respond

Karenna did. But she knew better than to take advantage of a drunken Mary-Ann. She shook her head, denying herself for the right reasons

“Enh!” Mary-Ann tossed them as hard as she could.

The weight of her piss was enough to add some velocity and her panties made it over the edge of the cliff, falling a great distance below.

“I don’t want them. Neither. Call me, Cassie.”

“What?” Karenna was confused

“She doesn’t wear them.” Mary-Ann pointed at Nia “Like you. Hey.” Mary-Ann paused. “Why…why don’t you shave?”

“I do.”

“No, you-your…”

“My pussy?”

“Yeah! That. I forgot, I almost…forgot…what.” Mary-Ann started to mumble incoherently

“Drew likes it. I like it. You should try it.”

Mary-Ann had already forgotten her question. Karenna spoke to Nia

“Alright, drink up. I’m calling it at five.”

“Me too!”

“No more for you, boss.”

“Aw rats.”

Sighing, Nia slowly drank while Karenna counted off the time. Wincing, Nia coughed. She wasn’t used to it, nor did this liquor taste good.

“You lightweight” Mary-Ann spoke

“Hey! At least I’m not drunk right now.”

“You-you-you you will be. Trust me…” Mary-Ann began to mumble again.

“Alright, lets get you somewhere safe boss. Maybe sit down and enjoy the sun.”

Nia followed the group back down the hill. Though the vodka was only slightly better than the bourbon, it still warmed her insides. As they continued down the hill, Nia started to feel happy. She knew the same fate would befall her as it did Mary-Ann. She hoped it wouldn’t be as bad. As they reached the bottom of the hill, she felt as though she had to tell Karenna

“Kar, I need new pants, these ones have piss in them.”

“Ok, lets, sit Mary-Ann down-“

“I love you guys!” Mary-Ann interjected

“Love you too boss. Let’s sit her down out back, and get you new pants.”

“No it’s fine. I got it.”

Karenna sat Mary-Ann down at the table out back, and was surprised when she turned around. Nia was bottomless, her hairy muff and long legs completely exposed.

“Where-girl, where are your pants?”

“Up” Nia pointed to the driveway “There.”

Karenna shook her head. She took a seat facing Mary-Ann, who was quickly joined by Nia, the two drunken friends were both facing Karenna. After a considerable amount of time had passed, Nia told the group

“That was-that was fun. Not the al-alcohol part, cuz I don’t like being…this. But I thank you Kar. And, I’d never say this sober, but this game that you two” She pointed to Mary-Ann, who had her head down on the table and Karenna “play is fun. An-and I think I’m going to show Drew.”

Before Karenna could respond, Mary-Ann shot her head up. Peering off into the distance, as if entranced in thought, she suddenly spoke

“I hate guys who-who live alone, an-and own…fs-fucking cats.”

“Um…” Karenna didn’t know how to respond

“Like-what, what’s your favorite an-aminal Ne-Nia?”

“Dog”

“See, cuz you get it. I-I like dogs too. What-what about you?” She pointed at Karenna, her eyes as if she was looking through a heavy fog

“Me? I like bears boss.”

Silence. A thought hit Mary-Ann. She burst out laughing. Not knowing what was so funny, but slightly drunk, Nia started laughing too.

“What? What’s so funny?”

“Nickname, have, have a new one…”

“For me?”

“Uh-huh.” There was a pause. As if some grand revelation had graced her, Mary-Ann spoke softly “PBear.”

Both Nia and Mary-Ann erupted into laughter. Nia almost fell off of her chair. Mary-Ann’s face turned a deep red as her body expelled itself of oxygen as she guffawed. Amidst the howling laughter of her friends, Karenna waited for the two to calm down. Still laughing, Mary-Ann suddenly stopped

“Aw man.” A splattering sound emerged from her seat “I was saving this for later.”

Nia laughed and snorted as Mary-Ann lost control.

“She-she laughed so hard she peed!”

This time, Karenna couldn’t help but laugh a little. She took no joy in her boss’s drunkenness and outright accident, but the situation in of itself was funny to her.

“Oh that reminds me! I need pants!” Nia sprung up from her chair and shambled towards the house

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah! I’m ok!”

Karenna sat with Mary-Ann as she finished peeing. She picked her head up, red in the face, she nearly looked as though she was about to cry

“You were-you laughed at me.”

“Oh, but it was funny!”

“But…but…”

Karenna sighed, exasperated from dealing with her drunken boss “You want me to do it too?”

“Yeah. I don’t want to be-be the onl…only one.”

Karenna crossed her arms and shook her head “Fine.”

Karenna wasn’t desperate. Her bladder wasn’t even close to full. But soon a splatter and a hiss could be heard from her. Karenna welcomed the warmth that came with a wetting but it was missing something. Annoyed that she was again letting go of a barely full bladder, and unable to enjoy a full release, she raised an irritated eyebrow at her boss. After just a few moments, she was done.

“I did it. Better?”

Mary-Ann smiled “Better!”

Karenna looked over Mary-Ann’s shoulder as her boss put her head down. Nia was kneeling in the grass just behind them. Sporting a blue pair of athletic shorts, Karenna was worried that her friend might be sick. Rushing over in her already wet, yet warmed jeans, she quickly reached Nia, who had her eyes closed. Feeling Karenna’s presence, she shushed her.

“But I wasn’t-“

“Shhh…hear that?”

“N-no?”

“I’m peeing.”

“Oh-ok.”

“No. Shhh. Don’t tell-don’t tell Mary-Ann, ok?”

“Fine. Come join us when you’re done though.”

Nia nodded. By the time Karenna got back to the table, she rose from her spot in the grass and shook. Her blue shorts wet around her butt.

The rest of the evening was spent keeping her friends in check. Karenna was glad when she finally convinced them to go inside. Leading the group back towards the house, she was too far ahead to hear Nia happily tell Mary-Ann

“I win, bitch.”

A/N: The ending there wasn't meant to come across as a derogatory comment, but a drunk Nia who just won a game against Mary-Ann. Speaking of which, did you like drunk Karenna, Nia or Mary-Ann the best? And should Karenna's new nickname stick? Also, Mary-Ann now owes Nia a dare, and any suggestions are welcome! In case you were wondering, the passages Karenna had the group read where from "The Raven", "Telltale Heart", and "The Pit and the Pendulum", all of them by Edgar Allen Poe. Lastly, there is an intentional misspelling of the word animal by Mary-Ann, apologies if it bothers you, but that is what her speech is supposed to have sounded like.

*168*2022-02-22 02:21

{{21 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

That was really damn good!

}}

Thanks! While I was writing it I was really hoping you would like it. I took a gamble on the literary clues and I'm so glad it worked for you!

{{3 hours ago, PeeHour said:

This chapter was phenomenally written! Plenty of creative wetting scenes.

I think I like Karenna's drunk personality the best out of the three of them. It's a bit odd seeing Mary-Ann not being the mature one (although not in a bad way). It would be interesting seeing Mary-Ann and Karenna both tipsy together and the conversations they'd have (although don't feel like this request needs to be filled immediately, since they're obviously not alcoholics lol).

The indoors wetting with Nia and Karenna was nice too, I wonder if Nia will let Mary-Ann have a chance to bed the rules too? Or maybe just ditch the rules altogetger now that Nia liks wetting too? (Also I just realized that the house rules parallel the office rules! Two characters essentially 'checking' Karenna in their respective domains).

}}

And here I was thinking it was too rushed lol. The feedback from you and lifeisstrange really made me feel better about this work! When it came to drunkeness, I kind of laughed at my own joke when Mary-Ann just tossed her panties over the cliff, idk why but to me that epitomizes drunk Mary-Ann. I like the idea of them getting drunk together, and maybe having a night out as friends results in this. I think I could make an interlude out of it!

As for the rest of the girls trip, I really have Saturday being solely focused on one set-piece, which is the girls public excursion, and they leave Sunday. As for the two of them having rules to keep Karenna in check, I actually didn't notice that lol. But I feel like, as a character, Karenna would probably rather just wet herself all the time, and so the other girls in her life that know this would try and keep her regulated.

Also, and this is for both of you, did you like her new nickname, or should it only be for this one section?

{{3 hours ago, gfaroank said:

Great job，The story has entered the climax. Can we add a plot in which several girls hold their urine to the limit. look forward.

}}

There will be plenty of desperation in the following chapters. If you'd like, I can tag you in a section that features multiple girls

*170*2022-02-22 21:37

{{15 hours ago, orangelion said:

How are they going to explain it to other people if they hear it?

}}

Hmmm...interesting chapter idea, I'll make a note of that.

{{15 hours ago, orangelion said:

Nia could tell Mary-Ann to do some yoga poses that put pressure on her bladder while holding it

This one isn't really a dare, but Mary-Ann could only pee when Nia gives her permission. Maybe she can even tell her where and how to pee

}}

I like the Yoga pose idea, but I have something special cooking up for Yoga that will be introduced at the end of chapter 6. I think you'll like it especially. Lots of peeing! So I'm going to hold off on Yoga for a little bit to make those scenes stand out more

I like the idea of Nia controlling Mary-Ann's bladder. I think Nia has the most dominant personality of the three, with Karenna being the most submissive. Mary-Ann I think is in the middle and this might bring that out a little more. Won't be immediately though, I have some ideas that I'm playing with around such a scenario. Feel free to add on of course!

*172*2022-02-23 19:16

{{17 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

The yoga thing gives me an idea, have Mary-Ann do a bunch of exercises while really desperate to pee.

}}

Would you prefer the scene ends with her peeing or wetting?

*174*2022-02-23 20:09

{{11 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Yes I would.

}}

I mean, would you like the scene to end with her squatting somewhere or wetting her pants?

*176*2022-02-24 04:26

A/N: Told you the last of the long sub-chapters were gone! This means that each section should be out a little faster. I'm curious as to what you think of the characterization of Mary-Ann is in this one. Also, I think her relationship with Nia grows by leaps and bounds here, but I'm not yet sure how to put that into words. Let me know what your thoughts are. As always, feedback is not only welcome, but appreciated!

Chapter 5.9: Nia's Release

Nia’s heart was nearly beating out of her chest. She sat next to Mary-Ann as they rode down the hill, away from her home. Metaphorically, it was away from the safety and comfort of the new games her friends had shown her. At home she didn’t have to worry. Out here, the chance of getting caught was very real. And that was the game. Nia didn’t want to get caught, she knew the potential consequences, she knew her friends knew about those consequences and yet the fun to her, was the avoidance of those consequences. They all knew what they were going to the park to do. The quiet that had come over each of the friends oozed as much tension. Part of Nia wanted to laugh. It was like this before a big game. She had been in this spot before, she was sure she could break her friends out of the tension-filled haze. She looked back at Karenna, the smaller girl was staring out the window, hands in the crotch of her khakis while she bounced her knee rhythmically on the floor.

“Bit of an ugly day, isn’t it?”

“Hmm? Yeah…it is.”

Karenna felt overhydrated. It was a sickening feeling. Like she had water in her throat. Her stomach was bloated and overfilled with liquid. The only positive was that she had a full bladder, however it too, was overfilled. Her morning pee and her excessive water glasses at breakfast had quickly inflated her bladder to the point that her brain was demanding that she let go. Now well past the point of holding it for a proper bathroom, her brain demanded to know why she couldn’t simply wet her pants now.

Her crossed legs helped keep her hand in her crotch as Karenna exhaled. There was nothing out the window that could keep her attention. Even if she loved trees more than anything in the world, they were simply moving too fast to observe any particular one. Pee. Pee. Pee. The only thought on her mind distracted her from what she wanted. She was going to wet her pants in public today. Maybe someone would finally say something. This was her trip, what she wanted. And she had nearly ruined it. Too much water, like Icarus and his wings, she recalled. Let some out. Do it. No. No don’t. Save it, save it all. You have plenty more, let some go. No! She argued with herself. Alright. You know what? Put yourself there. You’re on a road trip, and your friends won’t let you go. This is the start. You told them you have to go. Let a little out.

Karenna’s mind was protecting her from herself. Her bladder was filled, and her kidneys had much more left in them. She could let some out and would have plenty to spare. Translated to a fantasy, Karenna played into it. Told you guys I need to potty! She gave her friends a much more aggressive nature than either of them would have, as she let her first spirt of hot piss out of her womanhood. It was orgasmic. What she wanted in a wetting. To be as full as she was. To have no other option. Another spirt, and another. Closing her eyes she pushed a jet of pee out, this one long enough to hiss for a moment. Long enough to darken the crotch of her khaki’s.

Whap! Nia smacked her leg with some force from the passenger side. Karenna opened her eyes and mouthed

“What?”

“Already?” Nia mouthed back

“I have to go!” Karenna only barely whispered

“Hey, what’s going on?” Mary-Ann interjected

“Kar needs a bathroom.”

“Don’t we all? I mean, I really have to-“

“No, like, she went.”

“It was just a leak!”

“Don’t hurt yourself there Kar. We have towels for a reason.”

“Aren’t these for afterwards?” Nia asked

“Sure. But if Kar needs to use them now, she can. We can try a different day.”

“She can hold it!”

“I-I don’t know. I-I really need to pee.”

“You’re good.”

“Kar, if you have to pee your pants, you can. You know that.” Mary-Ann was trying to comfort her, but she had her own designs to abort this idea as well. “I might…have to let some out too. I drank a lot.”

“We all did.” Nia tried to keep the group on track “I really got to go too, but we aren’t even ten minutes from the park.”

Quiet returned to the group, if only briefly. Mary-Ann then looked over to Nia, a sheepish smile on her face.

“What?” Nia dared to ask

“I just went a little.”

“Damn it girl! Hold it!”

“Oh, it’s just a little! It’s fun!”

“Yeah, do just a little one Nia!” Karenna chimed in

“I can’t. It’d all come out. You saw me yesterday.”

“Ope!” Mary-Ann giggled “Some more! Kar, you think we’re going to make it to the park?”

Karenna snickered, her wet spot grew again “Maybe just a little more, then I can hold it.”

“C’mon you two! We, we have to. We want to find a spot at the park!”

“I thought this was just for Karenna?” Mary-Ann questioned Nia

“Um. Yeah, it is…lets just make it to the park, ok?”

Karenna smiled to herself. This is what she wanted. A friend who wanted this as much as she did. She hoped Nia would get the same thrill she was seeking.

The silence that ensued on the rest of the trip was no longer tense. Lightened by their leaking, intentional or not, both Karenna and Mary-Ann had enjoyed the banter between themselves. Nia still gnawed in anticipation. The park wasn’t far from the house, nor from their present position on the road, still, it felt like an eternity for her.

As the sign for the park came into view, and the row of trees that separated the open fields from the parking lot came closer, Mary-Ann felt afraid. She had done this once before. She had played with desperation in public before, and had no problem with that. This was different. She wouldn’t judge Karenna for what she liked, or even Nia if she enjoyed their little excursion, but Mary-Ann begged herself not to go. Pulling into the parking lot, she parked her SUV. She sighed deeply. She looked at Nia, who smiled back. She looked at Karenna in the back seat, who was fumbling with the lock.

“A-are we sure we…we want to do this?”

“Yes.” Nia said emphatically

“Do you really need me to answer?” Karenna was still playing with the handle, a pointless endeavor so long as the lock was engaged

Mary-Ann exhaled “Fine. Fine.” She unlocked the doors, and stepped out of the car

Nia met her first and the two walked ahead of Karenna. The rows of trees that were set between the parking lot and the open fields hid a small creek. The path over it was simple enough, but the cover of the trees and the gentle flow of water gave Nia the courage to ask Mary-Ann a favor.

“Hey boss-lady, I could use your help.”

“Hmm?” Mary-Ann was open to help her friend

“More of a favor, really”

“Uh-oh. Is this because I lost?”

“So you do remember! No. I think I’ll hold on to that one. I mean, we’re friends, right? We’ll hang out sometime, just us.”

“I don’t think I’m going to hang out with a dare hanging over my head.”

“It’ll be fun! Nothing as extreme as this. Unless you want it to be.”

“Ok. Alright, what do you need?”

“When I do it. Can you act shocked?”

Mary-Ann remembered Anna’s words to her in the parking garage and repeated them “I don’t know. I’m not really a good actress.”

“I don’t say I needed an actress. I need you to act shocked once I start going. Can you do that?”

“Sure. I guess.”

Nia put her arm around Mary-Ann as they made it through the trees and onto the main walking path of the park

“Nervous?”

“Yes. Very.”

“Me too. I always get nervous. Even before a preseason game. You know what though?”

“What?”

“You should go when I go. We’ll do this together.”

“I don’t know if I can just decide-“

“You’re my pee buddy, right?”

“Yeah”

“So lets act like it. I start, you start. We’re in this together Mary-Ann.”

Mary-Ann smiled as she broke free of Nia’s arm. “Thanks.”

Nia patted her on the back “Remember, I need you to act shocked.”

In a way, Mary-Ann felt better. Coincidentally, the clouds parted slightly and the sun shone for a moment. For that brief moment, Mary-Ann enjoyed the warmth from the sky. It was over quickly, and the sky again turned grey. To the right of the group was a soccer field. Painted with the proper lines and netted goals, it gave amateur athletes and students alike the opportunity to improve their skills. The undefined field that separated the soccer and baseball diamond had an assortment of different sporting equipment and goals for anyone to use. The entire complex was an outdoorsman’s dream.

“What about the softball field? We could be three players without a bathroom break.” Nia’s mind was flooded with ideas

“Ehh…some of my happiest memories are playing softball. I don’t really want to mix them with…this.”

“Oh, c’mon boss! This is fun! We’ve all got to pee, no place to go. Maybe someone will even see us!”

“Kar, please. Don’t say that.” Mary-Ann crossed her legs. The group had stopped, and in doing so, had given her time to think about her bloated bladder

“Hey Nia, I think Mary-Ann’s got to pee!” Karenna said happily, her own wet spot an indication of her need

“Oh, she’s a girl that’s got to go! Not me though.” Nia winked at Mary-Ann, a language she had picked up on from their time together

Mary-Ann couldn’t help but let a small smile crease her lips. As she dug her hands into her crotch, she responded “Yeah, I’d be shocked if I found out you couldn’t hold it either!” She winked back

“So are we going to do it?” Karenna was eager

“Um…lets keep walking.” Nia looked around, as she did, a sudden twinge forced her to bring her knee up towards her crotch. An indication that she was just as desperate as the other two. “Towards that, is that a washroom over there?” She pointed

Karenna shrugged, and the group began to walk towards the small wooden structure. As they did so, Karenna felt a wave of desperation hit. In response, she let out a quick jet of pee. Smiling as her wet spot grew again, she thought of the nickname Mary-Ann had drunkenly given her. She wondered if it would stick.

“Boss?”

“Hmm?”

“How much do you remember from last night?”

“Not much…PBear.”

“Why. Why is that the one?”

Mary-Ann turned around, still walking, though backwards. She pointed to the stain on Karenna’s khakis

“Cuz you always have to pee!”

“I guess…”

“And you’re tough like a bear! You’re a killer when it comes to closing a deal.”

Karenna smiled at the complement “You, you think bears are cute too?”

Mary-Ann stopped walking for a moment, allowing Karenna to catch up with her.

“Well sure. But none of them are as cute as you!” Mary-Ann turned back around and caught up with Nia

Karenna stood in place, stunned. Mary-Ann had just called her cute. Her mind was flooded instantly with lude mental images. Fuck me. Take me right now boss. Please! Her clit throbbed and her pussy tingled I love you Mary-Ann. Please! Karenna began to grow wet in another way, she bit her lip as she watched Mary-Ann and Nia walk into the distance. She needed a moment to collect her thoughts as her friends made it to the restrooms

Nia’s heart pounded. Each step of her journey to the public bathrooms was one step closer to her release. One step closer to a new experience. A new risk. New sensation. The potential for getting caught, the potential for a new adrenaline rush. She felt dizzy. Like she was walking on air, like the first step onto the concrete platform wasn’t real. She made it to the wooden door. The overwhelming stench of a public restroom at a park was nearly lost on her. All she could think about was the deed she was about to commit. Pins and needles followed the goosebumps on her skin. Nia exhaled, the tension only slightly dissipating. She jimmied the door. Locked. Perfect. She turned to Mary-Ann.

“It’s locked.”

Mary-Ann’s eyes told the story. Wide with anticipation and fear, they darted from the door to Nia’s jeans, and erratically as the reality of the act they were going to commit hit her. She said nothing. She let Nia guide them.

Nia pulled her lips back, closer to her teeth. She tried to relax. To let go as she had learned. The familiar rush hit her. The feeling of a draining bladder, then it stopped. It was as if there was a brick wall between her slit and her jeans. She locked eyes with Mary-Ann, the latter begging her not to go through with this with her body language. Nia became more entrenched, more determined to go through with it. She remembered how long it took for her to start the first time. The struggle at the start of the week. Nia could over come this. Closing her eyes, she made herself a scenario. You told them you didn’t have to go. You said you could hold it. You were lying about how desperate you’ve been.

Now the washroom’s locked, and its too late. Here it comes! Nia felt the first few drops escape. You can’t wait any longer. Your friends are going to be shocked. A weak flow started. Escaping past her labia, it ran sideways. Maneuvering through her ample pubic hair, and without panties to stop it, her weak flow dripped into her jeans. She felt the familiar warmth on her crotch, signaling to her brain that she was doing it. With one final thought she kicked the last barrier down. You did it girl. You’re peeing your pants. Open your eyes and let your friend see

Her weak stream became its usual hiss. Now pouring out of her snatch, the crotch of her jeans quickly darkened, creating an obvious pee stain. Each thigh became coated along the inseam of her pants, two long streaks began to form as her pent up pee rushed down each leg. As Nia had asked, she heard a gasp from Mary-Ann, despite the stilted nature of her poorly acted shock, it was just what Nia wanted.

“Nia! You’re peeing!”

“Ah! …Yeah. I lied…in the car. I was really desperate. And, they locked the door…”

Out of instinct, she crossed her legs and grabbed her crotch. There was no stopping the flow, and not that she would have wanted to anyway. She pushed harder as it began to smack and splatter the concrete below her. Each thigh was drenched in cascading piss and new flows began to leak from her jeans, creating an ever expanding puddle under Nia. She wanted Mary-Ann to join her. They were in this together. She began to push Mary-Ann with her words

“Looks like you’re doing it too!”

“Um…” Mary-Ann hadn’t started

Nia pointed to the small wet spot Mary-Ann had made in the car. It was just visible on her grey leggings

“I see that spot growing.” Suddenly it did. Then it stopped

“Um…uhh…”

“C’mon Mary-Ann, doors locked, you’re desperate. You don’t have an option.” The spot grew wider, a small streak breaking free down one leg

“There it is! You can’t hold it either!”

Mary-Ann exhaled “I’m-I’m doing this…”

She looked down as the dark streak rapidly descended towards her sneakers. It quickly pooled into them and started a puddle of her own. Her other leg began to show the same symptom as urine poured out of her. Both legs dripped and splattered as her puddle grew to compete with Nia's. An odd sound, a yelp escaped Mary-Ann’s lips. She put her head in her hands, even as she continued to pee

“What…what am I doing?” She squealed

Nia finished peeing and shook herself dry as she put her hand on Mary-Ann’s shoulder

“Hey, hey you’re doing a great job.”

“I’m…I’m pissing myself in pub-public”

“That’s the point of this isn’t it? People wouldn’t expect us; you, me, Kar, to like this. But we do.” She had to talk over the splattering of Mary-Ann’s pee “It’s so wrong, abnormal, different. But that’s the thrill. We like it because we’re different.” She hugged Mary-Ann “And I promise you. I won’t let us get caught. This is the greatest rush in the world- to lose it in the middle of a public space and get away with it”

Nia’s voice hissed with her enjoyment of what they had just done. Mary-Ann finished, she retorted

“It-it’s so…obvious what we…”

Nia cut her off “And we’re going to get away with it. Now let’s find Kar.”

Mary-Ann was still. She didn’t move as Nia walked by her. She started to shake visibly as Nia turned around

“I-I want to le-leave…” She appeared to be on the verge of tears

Nia walked back. She was face to face with Mary-Ann.

“Thank you. For doing what I asked. Thank you from showing me this- this thrill. I made a promise to you, just now. I will not let you get caught. And I don’t break promises.” She reached out her hand “Trust me?”

Mary-Ann took it, expecting a handshake, Nia pulled her in for a platonic hug “I’m not going to let you down, ok?”

Mary-Ann nodded, stifling her tears. The two turned, and went in search of Karenna.

The day was grey, disappointing considering the nice weather they had been getting. It was just as disappointing as the empty park. Karenna wanted someone to see her. Not just see her, but react. The few times she dared to go in public, she had little reaction to her, and this was a pass to find that. To make matters worse, she was horny. Unable to shake the thought of sex with her boss, it only brought out her submissive tendencies. Tendencies that required her to be seen. To be mocked, or to be comforted.

“There she is!” Karenna heard Nia’s voice “And still dry” Nia said much quieter

Karenna savored the view. In the middle of a public park, her two best friends were approaching her, each obviously having had an accident. Mary-Ann was wet from her crotch down each leg, and the odd streak that had cut across her leggings made her accident obvious. However, what surprised Karenna was Nia. While it might have been obvious what Mary-Ann had done, Nia’s accident was a complete spectacle. Her own experience taught her that her friend must have held herself while she went.

From the line of her front pockets, all the way down her long legs, she was wet. Before the stain even reached her kneecaps, the evidence of her wetting from the back reached around and connected. Most of her jeans were soaked in piss. Though she hadn’t shown it, Nia must have been close to her limit. Karenna’s attention moved back to her boss. Something was wrong.

“What’s wrong boss?”

“She’s a little embarrassed. We got up there, and the door was locked. Once I started-oof!”

Karenna wrapped the two in a bear-hug. Her voice was muffled by her friends bodies

“Thank you two so much! You’re the best friends in the world!”

“Hey, no problem Kar…but why haven’t you gone yet?” Nia was confused, the group hug broke

“I don’t know. I want it to be special.”

“C-can you ju-just go?” Mary-Ann spoke weakly

Karenna looked at her boss. She felt as though she had hurt her. Guilt made its way to her quickly, and her enjoyment of the excursion was quickly dissipating. Nia put her arm around Mary-Ann and pulled her closer.

“Do you mind Kar? If you’d like, Mary-Ann and I can even ‘bully’ you. Right boss-lady?”

“Ye-yeah, if that’s what you want Kar.” Mary-Ann cleared her throat “I can do a good impression of Sarah.”

“I know you can boss.” Karenna smiled, she stepped back a few paces from her two friends “Alright, let me get into pos-“

Karenna stopped talking. The color had suddenly drained from Mary-Ann’s face. She turned and buried her face into Nia. Her only utterance

“No, no, no”

“Get behind me.” Nia ordered

Turning around, Karenna spotted a couple, not more than one hundred yards away. They hadn’t seen the girls, but they would be crossing paths shortly.

“They’re not going to see you Mary-Ann. Stick with me. It’s going to be ok.” Nia tried to comfort her friend. Defend her, as she promised

To Mary-Ann, it was as if the devil himself had placed that couple to torture her. To Karenna, it was as if the universe had rewarded her with a bountiful gift. Nia made a game plan quickly and spoke to Karenna.

“Kar. Distract them. We’ll go around, and meet up at the car.” Nia led Mary-Ann in a wide arc around the quickly approaching couple.

Showtime Karenna was about to get what she wanted

Walking at first, she put her hands against her crotch. Looking as desperate as possible, she jogged up to the couple.

“Hey, sorry to bother you two but-“ Karenna began her release. She was peeing her pants. Sympathetically, the man and woman observed her. “Is there another bathroom around? That one’s locked and..."

She could feel it rolling down her leg. It was accompanied by the usual hissing proclamation of her deflating bladder. She could see both of their eyes watching it happen. The man’s mouth was agape, a low noise escaping his lips. The woman tried to speak through her astonishment

“We-we-we’re new here…I-we don’t…”

Karenna took her hands away, revealing her soaking crotch and the piss streaming down her legs “I think it’s too late anyway…”

The day was not yet out of surprises. Karenna looked back at the man. He had an obvious erection that was apparent through his sweatpants. His significant other tried to comfort Karenna

“Just let it out sweetie. Accidents happen. It’s ok.” The woman crossed her own legs

Karenna burned with desire. She wanted her, she wanted him. She wanted him to take her while she made his other half cum. She wanted him inside her. She wanted the woman spread before her. Flirtatiously, she gazed at the man’s erection. Then to his eyes.

“Ew! Gross!” The woman slapped the man hard. “C’mon Todd, we’re leaving this dirty bitch! Have fun pissing yourself you whore!”

You don’t know the half of it. As the couple stormed off, Todd took one last glance at Karenna as she finished peeing. She pouted her lips and gave him a flirty gaze. Todd looked at the girl who was walking with him. As they left earshot, Karenna heard them conversing

“Would you do that for me?”

“No! What the fuck? You freak!” She distanced herself from him

“Ow! But you just said you really had to! And she said the bathroom was locked…”

That was the last that Karenna heard. She had finished soiling her khaki’s. Mary-Ann and Nia were long gone. Instead of heading for the car, she headed for the rows of trees near the parking lot. She had herself to take care of.

“I can’t believe we did it!” Nia exclaimed, the rush of getting away with it had taken over

“I have a headache. Can you drive?” Mary-Ann was much less enthused

“Yeah, sure.” Nia hugged Mary-Ann hard “I told you I’d get you out!” Letting go of Mary-Ann, Nia playfully pushed her “What did I tell you?”

“To stick by you?”

“You’re damn right!” The duo climbed into the car.

Mary-Ann took the backseat this time and lay down on the towel Karenna was using. She could feel the warm wet spot that her friend had left.

“What a day! That was awesome!” Nia couldn’t get over it

“Mpfh…” Mary-Ann wasn’t feeling well

Nia tapped her on the leg “And you went out and did it. You did it for someone else at your own risk. Mary-Ann?”

“…what?”

“You’re a leader. Strong, capable, smart. Everything that someone needs in their life. Thank you. Thank you for being there for Kar. And thank you for being in my life now too. We need to hang out. Just us sometime.”

Mary-Ann smiled weakly, still laying down. “I still owe you a dare, right? And I think Kar…I mean…PBear, has been a blessing for me as well.”

“Speaking of PBear. Here she comes.”

Karenna was visible as she passed through the row of trees and over to the parking lot. Her khakis were drenched in pee, evidence of her ‘distraction’.

“How can someone that small have that much pee?”

Mary-Ann stayed quiet. Resting

“Is she…she stopped. I think she’s having another accident.”

Karenna had taken one final look at the park. By the time she turned towards the parking lot, her pants were glistening again. Evidence of her rewetting them.

“She is!” Nia laughed

Mary-Ann stayed down in the car, while Nia jumped out and dashed towards her friend

“What ‘cha doin’ girl?”

Karenna had a huge smile on her face. One that was bigger than Nia had ever seen before

“Peein”

“Again?”

“Hey! I was really desperate. And you said it yourself. Bathrooms locked!”

Nia playfully grabbed Karenna “Girrrlll!”

Karenna laughed “Did you like it?”

Nia looked at her. A smile plastered on her face as wide as the considerable stain on her pants. They both started to laugh as Karenna finished her rewetting

“I’ll take that as a yes!” Karenna spoke through her laughter “we need a girls trip of our own!”

“You mean where we just do this?”

“You know me too well girl!”

“Time and place…PBear!”

Laughing like schoolgirls, the two made their way back to the car, even closer as friends than before.

A/N: Again, would love to know what your thoughts are on Mary-Ann in this. Is she too submissive to the point of being out of character? While writing I thought not so, but you may have a different take as a reader. Also, do you think Nia and Mary-Ann grew closer as characters through this? Would also love to know if you'd like a series of interludes at one point where Nia and Karenna go on a public wetting challenge together. Won't be for a while, obviously. Lastly, what's your idea of what the couple did after meeting Karenna? Might be a fun exercise to see all of your different interpretations of it.

