Akechi Can't Hold It

Author: KitoKitoKito

*000*2022-12-25 20:16

It's been years since the events surrounding the Phantom Thieves and the Metaverse. Goro Akechi has distanced himself from Ren Amamiya and all the others involved in those events, even building a fake identity to avoid anyone finding him, preferring to let the past stay in the past. However, on Christmas Eve, he discovers a calling card on his coffee table, addressed to him, with the sender being not the Phantom Thieves, but rather, just Ren. He goes off to accept this one final challenge from his rival, never being one to back down from a challenge.

His only regret was that he didn't stop to use the bathroom first.

###

This is an omorashi story taking place at Cafe Leblanc, with romance between Ren Amamiya and Goro Akechi! I hope you enjoy it - this is likely going to be the start of a longer series between these two~!

Please let me know what you think of how I wrote these characters! I honestly struggled with Akechi, as it's a bit difficult for me to know how he would really act, considering his shift in personality later in the game; I'd like to hear what you guys think, and if it seems like I wrote him well or not! I will definitely be editing this if I get some critique that warrants it - I want this to be really good!

Want more? I have a Patreon with way more stories available! I'll be posting every chapter of this series at least a week early over there, and I'm also planning to write Patreon-exclusive extended versions of some of these chapters! Check it out if you're interested - your support means a lot to me!

%https://www.patreon.com/kitokito1?fan_landing=true

If you enjoy, please consider commissioning me! Email me if you're interested: [email protected]

Or add me on Discord: KitoKitoKito#7003

Or just send me a note!

Word Count: 3451

###

“Goro Akechi, the lustful center of my gaze. Although presumed dead, you’ve lived for many years outside of my gaze, but this will go on no longer. Come to Cafe Leblanc on Christmas Eve at midnight, where our final duel shall finally take place. Upon my victory, I shall steal your heart. From, Ren Amamiya.”

Akechi stared at the card in utter disbelief. It had been almost five years since he’d had anything to do with the Phantom Thieves, five years since he’d met Ren Amamiya, and five years since he’d faked his death. He had fallen out of the public eye and resumed his detective work under a pseudonym, carefully keeping his identity anonymous and avoiding all contact with anyone involved in the metaverse, however, somehow, Amamiya had still found him.

He put his head in his hand… and blushed, scarlet red, across his face.

He’d told himself he could move on from his first love, but apparently, that was starkly incorrect. How could he go and get himself involved in Ren’s life now, after all that had happened? Clearly, they were both better off going their separate ways; if they had gotten together, they’d only be a stark reminder of a painful past; after all, he had quite literally tried to kill the phantom thief. However, considering all the work Ren must’ve gone through to find Akechi… clearly, the phantom thief did not feel the same way.

He sighed, dropping the calling card on a glass coffee table in front of him. He was wearing a winter outfit, a long, light-brown, button-up coat, with darker-brown khakis and a plaid red and dark-blue scarf. He had hazel hair, which his fingers were currently running through due to nervousness, black, leather gloves still on them. How was he meant to respond to this?

He looked at his phone. It was today, Christmas Eve. Leblanc was just a short train ride away… if he left now, he’d probably make it there around midnight. It was now or never.

He slipped the calling card into his coat, ran a comb through his hair… and headed for the train station.

—-----------

Ren Amamiya sat in Cafe Leblanc, the lights all dimmed to only a soft glow, wearing a black turtle neck and jeans of the same color, comfy and cozy, even though it was a tad cold down there. Currently, he was sitting at the bar, near the far end, holding a cup of coffee he’d just brewed in his hands - he’d mixed a bit of cocoa into this one, to get into the festive mood. Outside, the weather was horrible - a blizzard raged on, Leblanc’s door partially blocked by a foot of snow. If it was anyone else, Ren would’ve been concerned about the blizzard, perhaps even rescheduled… but he knew Akechi. That detective would take on any challenge.

He sipped his coffee, still hot and fresh, the steam fogging up his black-rimmed glasses. He had considered doing his hair, but had decided against it - the messy, bedhead style of his dark hair had been a staple of his time with the Phantom Thieves; it only made sense to keep it that way for his reunion with Akechi.

He checked his phone. It was 11:50, just ten minutes until midnight, when Akechi was supposed to arrive. He had some plans already; specifically, he’d made a very… special blend of coffee, which he had yet to actually brew, and the bathroom was out of order. It was the only bathroom in the building; it was actually working just fine, but Ren had no plans of letting his rival use it. However, he had gone to use it himself, just a few minutes ago - he wanted his bladder to be relatively empty.

Just as Ren picked up a book to pass the time, he heard the familiar sound of the door opening, the bell jingling, as Akechi stepped in, covered in snow from head to toe, wearing the hood of his coat, his scarf over his mouth, a slightly annoyed look in his eyes. “So, you really are here,” he said, trying to be cool, but Ren didn’t understand a word under that scarf.

The thief just tilted his head, confused, with a smile on his face. “Try saying that again without the scarf on.”

Akechi’s eyes tilted down; he blushed, shutting the door behind him and stopping the temporary onslaught of snow and cold coming from the blizzard outside, and then pulled his scarf down with both hands. “I said, so, you really… ah, never mind.” He pulled his hood down, revealing his hair to be very messy, despite the effort he’d put into styling it before he came. “What did you call me here for, old friend? And how did you find me, anyways?”

“Take a seat.” Ren stood, still smiling knowingly as he gestured to one of the chairs, a look of intent and confidence in his eyes. He moved behind the counter and began brewing the special mixture he’d mentioned earlier. “Care for a cup of coffee?”

“I suppose I’ll take you up on that offer.” Akechi pulled his jacket and scarf off and threw them over one of the chairs, revealing a plaid blue sweater underneath. “I could use something to warm me up.”

“Sorry to make you come out here in the middle of such a storm.” Ren poured a bit of cream into the coffee cup, delicate and precise; he still had it. He slid the mug over to Akechi, then went and sat next to him, grabbing his previous mug, still half full.

“Thank you.” Akechi sipped his coffee without smiling. His facade of being the nice, friendly, and advertiser-friendly detective was completely pointless with Joker. “Just as good as always.”

“Did you want something to eat too? I think I have some pancakes in the fridge.”

“Goddamn you.” He smirked as Joker chuckled, sipped his coffee again. “I can never look at a plate of pancakes the same way after that. I swear, I’ll never make such a careless mistake again.”

“We’ll see.” Ren drained the rest of his coffee and stood, placing the mug in the kitchen’s sink and running a little water inside.

“So, do you plan to explain what this is all about?”

“Simple. We have one last competition to put a close to our little rivalry.” Ren walked to the stairs, leading up to the attic. “Come on - you can bring your coffee with you.”

“Interesting. I’ll accept your challenge then, no matter what the game may be.” He finished his coffee and placed it in the sink as well. “But I have one caveat. If I win, I want to know how you found me.”

“Sure. But in that case, I want something if I win.”

“Oh? And what would that be?”

“That’s a secret, but I think you’ll be quite happy to meet my conditions.”

“Well, I’d say I’m curious…” He smiled, a cocky, confident smile, a competitive, almost sadistic spirit in his eyes. “But I don’t plan to lose, so it looks like I won’t be finding out.”

Ren chuckled, beckoning for Akechi to follow him up the staircase. “We’ll see about that.”

The attic was just the same as always, though a little bit dusty. A bed in the far-right corner, a work desk in the far-left, and a few other little things, though it was clearly mainly used for storage - Ren was staying there for a month while he figured out his living situation, having to move due to a fire in his old apartment. Thankfully, Sojiro was happy to help him out.

“You have some very… interesting living conditions. Will this be the site of our confrontation?” Akechi questioned, looking around the room, attempting to identify some source of competition.

“Correct. I actually have something in mind already.” Ren turned on the CRT TV and hooked up an NES, with two “NES Zappers” hooked up to it, being gray and orange guns for use in various games. Inserted into it was the game “Duck Hunt” - Joker had figured a repeat of the time the two of them had engaged in Gun About was a fitting way to reunite them. “Here.” He held out one of the guns to Akechi.

The detective prince took the gun and smiled, examining it, holding it in his black-gloved hand. “Interesting. So, you wish to lose in another game of precision?”

“We’ll see about that - I’ve gotten much better since the first time.” Joker booted up the console, watching as the title “DUCK HUNT” appeared in large, bold letters. The game, however, was actually modded to allow for a more competitive mode - as the game started up, the screen was split into halves, each side having their own ammo, scope, and ducks to shoot down, with a score counter at the bottom. “Here’s how it’ll go. For ten minutes, ducks will be flying out, slowly speeding up until the end. Whoever shoots the most wins.”

“Perfect. I can’t imagine a better way to end this rivalry, besides, perhaps, another duel in Mementos… though we both know that’s impossible.” He stood back and aimed his gun at the screen with a cocky smirk… and then faltered for a moment. He felt the sudden need to relieve himself; apparently, that coffee had coursed through him quite quickly, and he had come immediately upon getting that letter. What terrible timing to need a bathroom break. “Before we begin, mind if I use the restroom downstairs?”

“Ah, sorry, it’s out of order.” Ren lied through his teeth; it was working. “After we finish our match, you can use the one at the laundromat across the street.”

“That should work just fine.” He readied himself once again, regaining his composure… even though his bladder was already starting to ache. However, he didn’t want to dampen the competitive spirit; he’d be able to hold it for a measly ten minutes. “Let the game begin!”

Ren pulled the trigger on his gun with a plastic click, and a countdown began. Three, two, one… and the game was on.

Immediately, both persona users were extremely focused on the game, shooting every duck they possibly could, their scores remaining in a state of constant flux between who was winning and losing. Clearly, it was anyone’s game… that is, until both of them had their focus shattered.

Akechi was able to ignore his need for the bathroom for a little bit, however, the aching and the desperation was increasing rapidly. He hadn’t drunk that much, but his bladder was practically bursting; he bit his lip, trying to distract himself with a little pain, as he felt the panging pain in his crotch. He had to actively keep any urine from leaking out as he played, constantly holding it back, again and again. He glanced to Joker, who seemed to be quite calm and composed; he absolutely couldn’t let something as foolish as his bladder lose him this game. He grit his teeth and bent his knees, pushing his thighs together, holding his bladder back. His legs began to shiver slightly.

Ren could barely hold his poker face as he watched Akechi’s desperation grow. He’d been itching to see such a beautiful sight as the ace detective losing control of his bladder ever since he’d met him for the first time, his fantasies full of exactly what was playing out in front of him. Ever since they’d first met, Ren had felt his heart skip a beat for the lovely, beautiful, princely figure, and even seeing the much darker side of his personality only made him fall deeper into love, into affection for him. Past events had kept them apart for obvious reasons, however, even his attempted assassination at the hands of Akechi hadn’t dulled Joker’s feelings. They were stronger than ever. And now, seeing that desperation, the little shivers in his legs, that determined but clearly strained look on his face, it was all so perfect. If everything went well… he’d have some cleaning up to do very soon.

Five minutes in. The detective couldn’t believe how badly he needed to use the bathroom. It was horrible, the worst desperation he’d ever felt in his life, his bladder throbbing needily, practically ready to burst like a balloon. He struggled to focus on the game while also preventing a horribly embarrassing accident; by minute six, it was becoming clear that something was going to have to give. He looked to Ren once again - he was still entirely coolheaded. Akechi gulped, pushing his legs closer together, shifting from side to side, as he tried to hold it in, a blush on his face from slight shame, legs shivering much harder now; he felt a slight bit of liquid in his black underwear, just the tiniest bit of wetness. He immediately focused on stopping that small leak, costing him a few ducks.

“Struggling a little bit, are you, Akechi?” Ren smirked confidently. He was blushing hard, too, but apparently, his rival hadn’t noticed. He knew, given a decision between losing the game and losing control of his bladder, the prince would choose the latter any day, especially considering how much this particular competition meant to them, being the finale they’d waited years to play out (even though Akechi had never planned to allow it to happen in the first place).

“Ngh…” He grunted, exasperated, but managed to catch up to the thief and even surpass him. “Worry about yourself, friend - I have no intention of letting this end in anything but my victory!”

“We’ll see about that.” The two kept their focus as much as they could as the ninth minute came about. The final flurry of ducks took to the field, and the two were shooting every single one that they could aim at, with unmatched speed and precision. They were neck and neck; the victor could be decided by the difference of just one shot.

But Akechi’s bladder would not relent. It was obvious to him now that, if he didn’t go to use the bathroom right this moment, there was no way he’d make it; his bladder was either going to be drained into a toilet, or it was going to burst open right then and there. He couldn’t last for this one remaining minute. It was time to make a decision.

His face went completely red as his legs stopped shivering, thighs parting, as he resumed his earlier stance and shot everything he could… and the gentle pattering of liquid against felt quietly filled the room. Seconds after, the game was over, and Akechi was the victor - that small little sound had heavily distracted Ren for just long enough to destroy his focus.

As the text “VICTORY!” flashed across Akechi’s side of the screen, the detective sighed in immense relief, dropping the gun to the floor, between his legs, and diverting his attention to stopping the emptying of his bladder. However, it was far too late - now that the stream had started, like a dam being broke open, Akechi had no control over the rush of urine rapidly exiting his body.

He huffed in relief, covering his scarlet-red face with his gloved hands, as the pitter of piss streaming out of his cock and into his undergarments filled the room, the only sound heard besides the gentle hum of the heater. His underwear were soon filled and soaked through with pee, causing it to drip down onto his pants, with a large wet spot slowly spreading out from his crotch, starting as just a drop of a darker brown and growing. And, once those were plenty soaked, the liquid began to flow right out of his pants and onto the floor, a heavy, fast stream, trickling onto the floor, spreading out from his pants and going all over. A puddle soon formed on the wood, and by complete accident, the gun was right in the middle, being subject to that stream of hot, steaming urine. It dripped down the insides of his legs, long lines of wet streaking further and further down, even soaking into his socks and his shoes.

He fell to his knees in pure humiliation, still hiding his face as the stream went on and on for at least a full minute, tons and tons of hot, steamy urine making a huge mess right on the floor. It now trickled against the rest of the puddle, drops splashing all over. Eventually, it did stop, after the detective’s pride was entirely destroyed. He was stunned, completely lost for words, his mind a jumbled mess of anxiety and shame; he didn’t have a clue of what to say after that.

Ren was similarly speechless, but for entirely different reasons. He blushed from pure pleasure and lust, watching as the detective who’d been at the center of his eye for so long crumbled before him. Every bit of it was so perfect, the desperation leading up to the release was immaculate and tantalizing, the actual wetting was so perfectly hot, Akechi’s reaction and embarrassment was so cute! He couldn’t have hoped for anything better - it was all he’d ever dreamed of. And he couldn’t even begin to describe how hot it was that his own controller had been soaked in the process. Something about that really did something for him.

Akechi gulped, standing, as the last bits of urine dripped from his pants, his calves and knees completely soaked. “I-I’m very sorry for the mess. It looks like I got a bit excited during our competition and lost focus.” He gulped nervously. “Let’s just forget about the deal for now, I don’t know how I could possibly face you again after such a humiliating display.” He walked towards the stairs, legs still shivering a little.

“No, no, hold on.” Ren spoke, struggling to actually speak a bit. There was a noticeable bulge in his crotch; he made no effort to hide it as he grabbed Akechi by the shoulder. “I didn’t invite you to my room just for a game.”

Akechi turned his face towards Joker, confused, still blushing. “Why are you being so persistent with me? I tried to kill you, Ren. Can’t we just leave our bond in the past?”

“That’s not what I want, Akechi.” He slid his hand down the detective’s arm and grasped the gloved hand. “I don’t care what happened in our past. And honestly, seeing you wet yourself was incredibly hot - nothing has changed; my desire to be with you has only grown.”

The detective’s blush turned from one of shame, to one of love. “You don’t mean… how could you possibly feel that way after all of this? I’ve betrayed you so horribly, and now, I’ve made a complete mess of your room, and yet still, you want to be with me?”

“I do.” Ren grabbed Akechi’s hand with both of his. “Well? Will you let me steal your heart, Goro Akechi?”

The detective sighed… and smiled. “It seems it didn’t even take the entirety of the phantom thieves to change my heart, but rather, just one. Let’s see how this goes.”

Ren smiled wide, heart fluttering with joy, as he secured his new relationship with the detective. “It seems our partnership is going to be much different from here on out.”

“Indeed. But that doesn’t mean the competition ends.” Akechi smirked in a confident, cocky, and yet, lovingly gentle way. “Don’t fall behind, alright?”

Ren held the detective’s hand tighter. “As long as you’re by my side, I could never.” The two of them chuckled a bit; it seemed neither had quite lost the core of their relationship as a thief and a detective, despite taking it from friendship to romance. “Anyway, more importantly…” He moved his hand down to Akechi’s pants, gently rubbing his crotch, making the detective blush as ren felt that piss-soaked material. “How about we get you out of these clothes~? I’m sure I can find you something more comfortable, as long as I can help you clean up a bit~”

Akechi chuckled. “My, my, perhaps I’m the one who should be worried about falling behind.” He undid his belt buckle. “But, well, I can’t say I mind.”

And the two of them spent that night together… and things got even steamier than they were during Akechi’s accident. Truly, today was only the beginning; they had an interesting road ahead of them. Their rivalry and love would mix together to create something entirely new and unique… and the event that started it there, with Akechi wetting himself, would be the catalyst for many more wettings to follow.

###

Enjoyed the story? Consider supporting me on Patreon! Become a Patron, and you’ll get access to a bunch of other Patreon-exclusive kinky stories I’ve written - there’s a new one every week! This is the best way to support me if you enjoy my work!

%https://www.patreon.com/kitokito1?fan_landing=true

This is my job, so even just a single $5 pledge is a huge help in making it so I can write more!!

