Abby: Boardroom Despair

Author: Kayn

*000*2023-03-18 17:32

A little over a year ago, I posted a story about a young woman on a very desperate business trip

. In the time that followed, I decided to write a sequel to that story, inspired and encouraged in large part by fellow user @Apan

, who planted the seed for the idea and helped me get it started. In any case, I'm happy to announce it's finally complete.

As usual, I'll be posting it in parts due to its length, starting with the first bit here. The remaining parts will be posted in the coming days, so stay tuned!

Enjoy!

Abby: Boardroom Despair

Part 1

Abigail Moore had woken up this morning with gusto, because today was an important day. It had been marked on her calendar for two weeks, and she’d been preparing for it just as long, spending many long hours poring over documents and crunching numbers to fully ensure she was ready for the task at hand. Today, she would be meeting with one of her company’s biggest client corporations, a well-known defense contractor in the area by the name of Rosen Industries, and in the short year that she had been employed at her firm as a financial advisor, this was by far the biggest project that she had been delegated to take on.

Rosen Industries had recently announced their plan to expand their business, an undertaking which was quite significant to Abby’s firm, given their vital involvement with the finances of the operation. And Abby, working in tandem with her boss Mrs. Wilkins, was at the center of it all. It was, without a doubt, a significant milestone in her career and an incredible opportunity to showcase her talents and impress her higher-ups. Being one of the youngest employees at just 25 years of age, it was hard enough to get noticed, so she had no intention of letting this chance go to waste.

Knowing how important professionalism would be on this day, she’d dressed for the occasion quite sharply, having planned out an outfit the night before. For her top, she’d picked out a collared, red satin blouse, just slightly loose so that the ripples of the fabric fell nicely over her ample chest, the top button undone, showing off just a bit of cleavage. Down below, she’d gone with a tight gray pencil skirt which hugged the soft curves of her thighs and buttocks, stretching down to just below her knees.

Underneath, her legs were wrapped in mid-brown tights, and the package was completed by her favorite pair of black high heels which decorated her feet. It was a very elegant and professional attire, perfectly suited for the importance of the day, and having admired herself in her bedroom mirror, she felt quite confident in them. She would take any amount of confidence she could get, because as excited as she was, there were plenty of nerves bubbling up within her at the prospect of the upcoming events.

Those nerves had not disappeared as she sat in her car now, a nagging reminder that she could not afford to mess up today. This day had to be perfect, and she would make sure of that. She relaxed her grip on her steering wheel as she sped down the highway, breathing deeply to calm herself down. You’re going to do great, Abby, there’s nothing to be worried about. She knew she was fully prepared, all she had to do was keep a straight head and do her job as she’d always done.

As she drove, she let the hum of the engine fill her mind as she contemplated the day’s proceedings for what must’ve been the hundredth time. Her morning had already gotten off to a different start than usual: normally, she’d make her typical thirty-minute commute to her office, but today she was to go directly to the office of Rosen Industries, where she’d meet up with the company head, Susan Patterson, along with her own boss Mrs. Wilkins and several others from both companies. This office was quite a bit further away, setting her up with a nice two-hour drive to start off the morning. Abby didn’t mind though; it gave her some nice quiet time to herself to get into the right mindset. She’d left the house at 6:45am, timing for a 9 o’clock arrival, which was the agreed upon meeting time.

Not wanting to risk being late, she’d kept up a constant high speed, making good time on the road. She did, however, make one stop half-an-hour into the drive. Having spotted the all too familiar Starbucks logo on a hanging road sign, she’d been compelled to pull into the little shop, ever the coffee lover she was. She’d already had her usual cup of morning coffee at home, but she’d always pour herself another one when she arrived at work. That option wasn’t available today, so instead the answer to her caffeine craving had come in the form of a large 24-ounce cup of cold brew, which she’d proceeded to gulp down in all of fifteen minutes. The empty cup rattled in the cupholder next to her now as the car went over a bump, but Abby drove on undeterred. The coffee stop had only cost her five minutes, but she still liked to be early whenever she could. After all, this was the first time she was meeting these company representatives, and first impressions matter.

The plan was to meet briefly at the head office, before leaving again to visit the site of the company’s newest planned acquisition: a newly constructed office building located further up north. It would be here that they would meet with the real estate agents, hashing through many details and signing off on all the relevant paperwork, which was sure to be a long and involved process. Once that was done, it would be right back to the head office again for the final meeting, where all the remaining details would be discussed and confirmed.

Without a doubt, this was going to be a lengthy and exhausting day, but also an extremely important one for everyone involved, so every step had to be taken perfectly. If there were any hiccups, it could delay the expansion significantly, setting their clients back in time and costing them a lot of valuable money and resources, a disaster that would rest almost entirely on Abby’s shoulders. That simply couldn’t happen. It wouldn’t, Abby would make sure of that.

The freeway on which Abby had been zooming down for almost an hour had led her out into the countryside. The Rosen office was located in a smaller suburban town, something that she actually found rather refreshing compared to the busy and chaotic locale of her own office in the inner city. She felt herself starting to relax a bit as she enjoyed the scenery of the green trees spreading out on either side of the highway, the bright yellow sunshine painting a picturesque scene of a beautiful spring morning. She wasn’t far from her destination now, having been on the road for almost an hour and a half by this point. Her GPS reminded her that her exit was coming up in twenty miles, and she made a quick mental note of the exit number.

As she surveyed the road in front of her, her eyes were caught yet again by another road sign perched up on the side of the road. This one had only a few words, written out in giant letters: “REST AREA – 15 MILES”. Perfect, this was exactly what she had been looking for. Over the past thirty minutes, she had started to feel the effects of all the liquid she’d consumed, ever so slowly winding its way down her body. It was the all too familiar and inescapable side effect of her favorite beverage, that coffee she loved so much. She was used to this by now, of course, having dealt with it practically every day over the past few years, though that didn’t make it any less of a nuisance. She knew from experience just how quickly the effect materialized, and today, all her nervous energy bubbling up in her stomach was only bound to make it even worse, so it was in her best interest to take care of the issue right here. The last thing she needed was to get caught short on a day like this.

With the speedometer on the dashboard hardly ever dropping below 70mph, it took only about ten minutes to approach the rest stop exit. Abby signaled over to the right-most lane, preparing to make a quick rest stop and take care of her personal business before making the final stretch to the office. However, as she got close to the off-ramp, she was met with an unexpected sight: several orange cones had been erected across the little road, with a giant sign hanging over it. “REST AREA CLOSED”.

“Oh, come on,” Abby muttered in annoyance. She’d passed by several rest stops earlier, but of course the one that she wanted to use just had to be closed. With a sigh, she veered back over to the middle lane, resigning to the fact that she’d simply have to wait until she got to the office. It shouldn’t be a big deal, at this rate she would arrive fifteen minutes early, giving her plenty of time to use the restroom there before they left.

She took her exit which came up shortly after she’d passed the rest area, parting ways with the freeway and merging onto a smaller local road leading almost directly to the office. It would only be another ten minutes now. Or at least, that’s what she thought, until she drove a couple miles down where she came face to face with a long line of cars sitting in standstill traffic on the one-lane road. Aghast, she stared ahead at the congregation of a construction crew, gathered in the middle of the road doing some kind of repair work. It appeared that the entire right-hand side of the road had been closed off, so both sides of traffic had to take turns going on the one remaining lane.

On a busy local road like this one, the bottleneck had quite a significant effect, resulting in a line of cars stretching back almost a mile in either direction, at the very back of which sat an anxious Abby, her fingers thrumming against her steering wheel. She let out a frustrated sigh, feeling a bit of panic starting to emerge within her. She couldn’t be late, not today! She cast an annoyed glance at her phone, wondering why the GPS hadn’t put her on an alternate route to avoid this jam. Thankfully, she still had 20 minutes to spare, but given the painstakingly slow progress, she’d end up cutting it real close. So much for being early.

It took another 15 minutes of stop-and-go traffic before she finally made it past the construction zone, and once finally back on the clear road, she pressed her right foot deep into the gas pedal, her eyes glancing nervously at the clock on her car’s monitor: 8:55AM. Just as she’d suspected, this would be a close one, but she had to try and get there as soon as possible. She cursed silently as she was forced to slow down behind the car in front of her, which was driving along casually below the speed limit. Oh, get out of the way, would you?! Abby’s patience was starting to run low; but fortunately, the office was close by, and it didn’t take long to arrive.

Abby pulled into the large parking lot just as the clock hit 9:00. She was stopped at the entrance by a barrier gate, next to which stood a small building occupied by a security guard. This was a secure government building after all, and not just anybody was allowed in. The guard peered out the window as Abby came to a stop. “ID?” he demanded in a gruff voice. Abby, who had been ready for this, quickly fished out an ID card that had been sent to her about a week ago which would give her access to the site. The man grabbed the card and swiped it on his card reader, scrutinizing the details that popped up on his monitor. After a moment, he seemed satisfied and returned the card. With a nod, he punched a button, and the barrier blocking her path lifted up to allow her in. Throwing her ID back in her bag, she quickly gave her thanks to the guard before pressing the accelerator once more, zooming into the lot.

She sped down the little road probably faster than she should’ve, making her way over to the main entrance. Turning into one of the aisles, she swung her car into an empty spot before killing the engine. There was no avoiding it now, she would be a few minutes late; she’d just have to hope they wouldn’t mind too much.

Quickly gathering her handbag and her binder containing many important documents, she exited her car and hurried down the asphalt towards the building entrance, walking as fast as her high heels would allow. She had to produce her ID once more when she got there, tapping it against the card reader embedded in the wall, which flashed green with a beep and unlocked the large glass double doors with a click. Swinging it open, she stepped into the spacious lobby within.

“…oh, and here she is!” As Abby stepped into the building, she was sighted almost immediately by her boss, Mrs. Wilkins, a woman of 41 years with a set of recognizable dirty blonde hair, clad this morning in a very formal gray pantsuit with a simple black shirt underneath the matching gray blazer. Abby looked up at her voice to see her standing among a group of four people, two of whom she recognized immediately: Susan Patterson, the current head of the company, and Thomas Miller, an executive who was mainly in charge of the expansion effort, both of them around the same age as Mrs. Wilkins. The other two Abby did not recognize, a man and a woman, more on the younger side but still looking slightly older than Abby.

“Ms. Moore, welcome!” Susan extended her hand with a bright smile as Abby strode towards the group.

“Please, call me Abby,” was her reply as she grasped the outstretched hand with a smile of her own, giving it a firm shake.

“Pleasure to meet you, Abby!” This time it was Thomas who spoke, a tall, handsome man with a neatly combed set of black hair. Abby shook hands again in greeting, and twice more after that as she was introduced to the two younger employees, Richard and Sydney.

“Renee here was just telling us all about you,” Susan mentioned to Abby, indicating to Mrs. Wilkins. “She says you’ve been working very hard on this for us. I do appreciate that; we certainly can’t pull this off without you.”

“Of course, I just want everything to go smoothly today,” Abby replied, feeling good about Susan’s positive comments.

“I’m sure it will,” Thomas put in. “We’re in the final stretch now, and we’re certainly eager to get over the finish line!” He clasped his hands together. “Well, now that everyone’s here, there’s no point in dawdling. Let’s get going, shall we? We’ve got a rather long drive ahead of us, I’m afraid.”

“Absolutely, I think we’re all ready,” Mrs. Wilkins said with a nod.

“Excellent! I was thinking we could all drive up in my car?” Thomas asked. “It should be big enough for all six of us.”

“Sounds good to me,” Mrs. Wilkins said in reply. The rest of the group agreed as well, and the six of them set off back out into the parking lot. Just as they were leaving, Abby suddenly felt her bladder signaling to her, reminding her of its presence. Having been so caught up with everything else, she had completely forgotten about her need, and only now remembered that she still had to pee. She’d hoped to pay a quick visit to the restroom before they left, but as the group headed towards the door, it seemed that it was too late for that. Feeling that it would be impolitic to ask everyone to wait for her while she ran off for a comfort break, she quickly decided that it would be best to just put it off. The need was there, but certainly not bad enough that she couldn’t wait. Surely, she’d have another opportunity later to relieve herself. With that, she pushed the matter out of her mind and followed everyone as they headed out to Mr. Miller’s car.

*008*2023-03-25 23:10

Glad to see the positive reception!

Onto the next part.

Part 2

Ryan Mayer sat leaning against the wooden receptionist desk set within the spacious, newly built lobby, his fingers twiddling mindlessly over his phone screen. He was quite bored, having been in this position for the past 20 minutes, scrolling from one Instagram post to the next, his brain hardly even registering what he was seeing. His eyes glanced over the time at the top of his screen. 9:56.

Footsteps echoed in the air as a woman emerged from a hallway to his right. “Be ready, Ryan, they’ll be here soon!” Ryan straightened up as Stephanie, his colleague, and the only other person inside the large office building, approached the table behind which he had situated himself. “Try not to look so depressed, would you?” she added with a slight hint of amusement, eying his expressionless face.

“Sorry,” Ryan said, stretching as he stifled a yawn. “Got bored since there’s nothing to do.”

“Well, we’ll have plenty to do soon,” Stephanie replied as she straightened her blazer and surveyed the room. “You’re sure you got all the documents ready, right?”

“Yes, for the millionth time,” Ryan answered back, suppressing an eyeroll at his overly cautious colleague.

“Alright, just making sure. Mrs. Patterson wants to have everything signed and done today. She won’t be happy if we’re missing anything.”

“I’m sure she’ll be delighted, Steph,” Ryan said in mocking reassurance.

Stephanie gave him a look, then suddenly looked outside as something caught her eye. “Oh, look, someone just pulled in. I think that’s them!”

Ryan leaned his head to peer out through the glass doors, and sure enough, a large black SUV had pulled into the parking lot at the building’s entrance.

“Come on, let’s go greet them!” Stephanie turned and began to make her way outside, Ryan quickly following suit behind her.

***

“Well, here we are!” Thomas announced as they pulled into a sprawling but empty parking lot.

Though she didn’t let it on, Abby felt inwardly grateful for their arrival. The drive had been rather long, just about an hour, and having to spend so long cramped in the backseat with two other people was rather uncomfortable. The real reason, however, was that her need for a restroom had increased quite significantly over the past sixty minutes, and she was very much looking forward to a bathroom visit once they were inside. She had known this would happen: her kidneys had a most annoying tendency to work double-time whenever she was nervous, which she certainly was on a big day like today. It wasn’t an emergency, but bad enough that she had grown restless towards the end of the drive, sliding her thighs in and out across her seat ever so slightly on occasion. Thankfully, now that they had arrived, it wouldn’t be a problem for much longer.

Thomas parked the car up front, and the passengers disembarked. Stepping out into the warm sunlight, Abby savored the feeling of stretching her legs after sitting for so long. As she turned to face the building entrance, she saw two people emerging from within, a man and a woman, both looking about the same age and dressed professionally. Must be the real estate agents.

Susan had noticed them too. “Ah, they’re already here!” She began making her way towards them, the rest of the group following close behind her.

“Good morning!” the woman by the door said brightly, flashing a wide smile to everyone. “We’ve been looking forward to meeting you all!”

Greetings were exchanged between the two parties, the man and the woman introducing themselves as Ryan Mayer and Stephanie Brown, the two estate agents in charge of the property, and with whom Abby and Mrs. Wilkins would be finalizing the details involved with the purchase.

“Well,” Stephanie said once everyone had been introduced, “shall we step into what will soon be your brand-new office?”

“Most certainly!” Thomas stepped forward as Stephanie pushed open the door and held it open, inviting them in. One by one they entered, Abby following at the back of the line, while Stephanie and Ryan waited politely before coming in behind. Stepping inside, Abby admired the lobby within. Although it still lacked furniture, it looked quite sleek and modern, the white marble tiles and the large glass panels along the walls illuminating the room brightly. It certainly set the tone of a very professional locale.

As she looked around the room, she wasn’t just appreciating the architecture; already, she was on the lookout for any sign of a bathroom. Her need had risen to a bothersome level, and she wanted to be rid of it as soon as possible. The first meeting of the day would be starting soon, and she really didn’t want to be distracted by anything, certainly not a full bladder. The lobby, however, seemed to be devoid of any restrooms, and her search quickly came to an end with no results. Must be somewhere down there, Abby thought to herself, eyeing a hallway leading off from the lobby into the depths of the building. She shifted from foot to foot as she stood, trying to suppress the increasingly pressing urge from below.

“We’ve set up a table in one of the conference rooms,” Stephanie announced to the group. “If you guys are ready, we can head in and get started right away.”

“Sounds good to me,” Susan said. “Lead the way, Ms. Brown.”

“Right this way!” Stephanie turned and started heading towards the hallway, Ryan and the rest following behind her. Abby once again remained at the back, her eyes peeled for any sign of a restroom. They didn’t travel too far though, merely going about halfway down the length of the corridor before they arrived at the meeting room, and not one of the doors they passed on the way was a bathroom. Dammit. She really didn’t want to sit through the meeting distracted by an uncomfortably full bladder. Up ahead, Stephanie and Ryan stood waiting politely by the door as they waited for the visitors to enter the room. She’d just have to ask them where the bathroom was and excuse herself for just a moment, even if it was a little embarrassing. She was sure the rest would understand; it had been a long drive, after all.

She paused as she came to the door, turning to face Stephanie. “Before I go in, can you please tell me where the restroom is? I just need to freshen up quickly.”

“Oh! Actually…” Stephanie gave her an apologetic smile. “We were told this morning that the plumbing is still down in the building. I’m afraid all the restrooms here are out of order. Really sorry about that.” She gave Abby a sympathetic glance.

“Oh, no worries, that’s totally fine!” Abby quickly waved it off, acting completely unbothered; the last thing she wanted was to draw attention to herself over such a personal matter, especially in front of so many important figures. In truth, however, she could feel her heart sinking inside. The building’s plumbing being off was a completely unexpected twist, and her mind raced as she realized the ramifications. With no bathrooms available anywhere nearby, she’d have to wait not only until the end of the meeting, but through the entire drive back! At least two hours… Abby thought apprehensively.

That was a long time, especially considering how badly she had to pee already. She felt nervous again as she strode into the room and took her place next to Mrs. Wilkins at the far end of the large wooden table within. As she laid out her binder full of documents in front of her, she tried to ignore the growing urge down below. I’ll be fine, she told herself in reassurance. Just focus on the meeting, it’ll go by in a flash.

“Alright, let’s get started then, shall we?” Stephanie closed the door behind her, and she and Ryan joined the table to begin the meeting.

*010*2023-04-02 03:48

Part 3

Ryan’s heart was pounding. Abby, the youngest of the visitors and without a doubt the most attractive one, had just admitted that she had to pee! Well, not explicitly, but she might as well have when she asked where the bathroom was a second ago. The question had been directed at Stephanie — no doubt she felt more comfortable asking a woman. But the answer she got back was certainly not the one she wanted to hear. She’d tried to blow it off, pretending that she was totally fine and that nothing was wrong, but Ryan knew better. He’d caught the split-second look of worry that had clouded her face when Stephanie informed her that the restrooms in the building were all down. It was brief, gone almost as soon as it came, but he’d seen it, he was sure of it.

After all, her worry was understandable: here she was at a business meeting, needing to pee, but trapped in a building without a single usable toilet for a considerable amount of time. For Ryan, who’d always secretly had a thing for women with bursting bladders, this was just about the perfect situation he could’ve asked for. He almost couldn’t believe his luck as he followed behind Abby to the far end of the table, sneaking a glance at her backside as he did. She looked very sexy indeed, a fact he’d noticed as soon as he’d laid eyes on her, all dressed up in that red blouse and that lovely gray skirt, so tight that it left nothing to the imagination.

He quickly seated himself at the back end of the table, a strategic choice. Abby sat on his right-hand side, and from here, he could easily see Abby’s entire figure, everything from her torso up above to her legs and feet down below. He noticed that she’d crossed her legs as soon as she’d sat down. Normally he wouldn’t have thought twice about it — apart from maybe admiring her well-toned legs — but now he knew she had a very good reason for keeping her thighs pressed together. These meetings were usually dreadfully boring, but this one was shaping up to be quite interesting indeed.

Up ahead, Stephanie had already gotten started, diving into the details of something or another. Ryan knew he should be paying attention, but he was quite distracted by now. He shuffled around the papers on the table in front of him, trying to appear as if he were studying them closely, but in truth, the corner of his eyes and his attention were focused sharply on the girl next to him. His mind was racing as he wondered how badly she had to pee. The fact that she bothered to ask to go before the meeting must’ve meant it was at least somewhat urgent, surely? Besides, Ryan knew that the Rosen headquarters were located quite far away, so no doubt her bladder was quite full after such a long journey. Or was he just overestimating things like he always did in matters of this kind?

It didn’t take long for him to realize that his initial thoughts were probably correct. As the meeting crept on by, he could see Abby starting to squirm under the table. She kept her legs crossed, one foot firmly planted on the ground; the other foot, however, was constantly swinging in circles in the air, her ankle rolling about this way and that. Every so often, Ryan stole a glance at her face, trying to catch any trace of an expression. She, however, was clearly well trained in maintaining professionality, as her face remained as stoic as ever.

Whenever she spoke, her voice betrayed nothing, and anyone else who may have looked in her direction would’ve guessed nothing of her situation. At least for now, that is. The meeting had only just begun, and with all the paperwork they had to go over, they’d be here for quite some time. While normally he would’ve been yearning for the time to pass by quickly, today he found himself wanting this thing to drag along for as long as possible. It wasn’t often he got a chance to witness such a pretty girl getting caught short like this, and he wanted to see just how much she would be able to endure.

For the first fifteen minutes or so, Abby was relatively composed. While her legs remained crossed and shifted about every so often, she didn’t really do much else to indicate that she was in urgent need of a toilet. Ryan started to get disappointed, realizing that perhaps he had overestimated the situation after all.

However, not too long after, around the 20-minute mark, Abby uncrossed her legs for the first time since sitting down. Ryan, who was looking at Mrs. Wilkins while she spoke, immediately noticed the movement, and as he spied her legs, saw her thighs jiggling side to side within the confines of her skirt. As he continued watching, he caught her taking a quick discreet glance at the clock on her phone under the table, an expression of concern coming across her face as she did so.

Once again, his heart picked up its pace. So she does have to go bad! She was doing a good job of hiding it, but there was no doubt that there was an air of worry around the girl next to him. As she put her phone away, he heard the softest of sighs emanating from her mouth, but any trace of emotion was quickly wiped from her face as she turned her focus back to the meeting. She clearly had no intention of letting her situation be revealed to anyone else, and so far was doing a good job of hiding it. Well, apart from Ryan that is.

But her discomfort was starting to become more apparent the longer he watched. As the meeting dragged on, her movements below were becoming more and more frequent, ever so slowly ramping up in intensity. One minute she would shake her thighs rapidly in and out, then she would stop and remain still for a bit. Then the next minute she’d start bouncing her right leg, the tip of her foot resting on the floor while the heel bobbed up and down in the air, all while Ryan watched with growing excitement just five feet away. It went on like this, movement, then pause, movement, then pause; it was as if her urge was coming in waves, fading in and out. And as time marched on, each pause grew shorter and shorter, and the dancing of her legs got longer and more energetic.

The half-hour mark came and went. By this point, Ryan had mastered the art of engaging in the meeting whenever he was needed, and then discreetly shifting his attention to the marvelous show going on directly on his right-hand side. It wasn’t easy to look without being too obvious, he had to play it cool without getting too greedy. He didn’t even want to imagine how awkward it would be if she suddenly turned her head and caught him creepily ogling her legs in a most perverted manner. But as she grew more and more agitated, evidently fueled by a rapidly filling bladder, it was getting hard to contain his own excitement.

He found himself gazing at the folds of her skirt pressing up against the bulge at her abdomen. Underneath all that fabric, unbeknownst to anyone, a storm was brewing, slowly but surely, and there would come a time when that storm could simply not be contained, and the result would be spectacular. He feverishly wondered how long it would take for that time to arrive. How long could she hold out? Would she reach her limit before the end of this meeting? Could he be so lucky? How glorious would that be, to witness such a beautiful girl totally wetting herself, and to be so close to her when it happened! But surely that couldn’t happen. Grown women don’t just wet themselves, certainly not at a business meeting like this. But a man can dream…

***

Abby bit her lip as she glanced at her phone under the table yet again. 10:40 AM. It had been 40 minutes since the meeting started, but to her it felt like hours. She rubbed her hands up and down her swaying thighs as she tried to pay attention to what Stephanie was saying across the table, but it was difficult to keep her mind from wandering to the growing pains in her bladder. Ohh, why did the plumbing have to be down? she thought to herself in irritation. First the rest area, and now this. And of course this was all happening on one of the most important days of her career.

Just her luck. She’d already had to pee pretty badly when they’d arrived, but now the need was quickly evolving into a precarious situation. She sincerely hoped that they wrapped this meeting up as soon as possible so they could hurry up and get back to the Rosen office. But Susan and Thomas, keen as they were to avoid any mistakes, took their time going over every little detail, and while Abby smiled and nodded along, it was with a growing annoyance that she did so. To make things worse, she knew that even when they eventually finish up, she’d still have to last through the entire drive back, which would surely take at least another hour. That thought did nothing to minimize her growing concern.

“… I believe Abby brought along those documents, isn’t that right, Abby?” Mrs. Wilkins turned to her, snapping her attention back to the discussion.

“Oh, yeah, of course!” She quickly flipped through the binder in front of her, pulling out the mentioned papers. “Here they are, all the details are there, you can verify it yourself…”

Whatever her situation, she was doing a good job of maintaining her professional demeanor, betraying nothing of her internal plight. The meeting itself was progressing smoothly and according to plan, and for that at least, Abby was glad. She knew they were getting close to the end: they’d gone over all the necessary documents and details, all that was left to do was sign a few papers and they would be free to leave.

As they entered into the final ten minutes, Abby leaned forward with her elbows on the table, while underneath her knees bounced as they pushed up against each other. Not much longer now. Thankfully, Abby had no part in this final bit, so all she had to do was watch while Susan and Thomas scribbled away at the other end. And scribble they did, over and over and over again on what seemed like a hundred documents. God, how many are there?

“Sure is a lot, isn’t it?” Thomas remarked with a chuckle, echoing Abby’s thoughts. But one by one, they went through them, and Abby sat waiting, exercising a great deal of patience, her feet still bouncing down below.

“And… that should be all of it!” Stephanie announced at last as Susan put down the final signature. “Congratulations, this property is officially yours!” Smiles broke out across the room as they all stood up, none bigger than the ones on Thomas and Susan’s faces as they shook Stephanie’s hand.

“Thank you for all your great work, Ms. Brown. And you too, Mr. Mayer,” she added, nodding to Ryan, “you both have made this very easy for us, we really do appreciate it.”

“The pleasure is ours!” Stephanie replied brightly. “Alright, if you guys are ready, we can head back out now.”

Good, finally, Abby thought gratefully, glad that they could finally leave. Ever since she’d stood up, the weight of her bladder had pressed down much harder against her sphincter, making it feel so much worse. She’d been swaying side to side as she fought to subdue the pressure, which certainly wasn’t easy anymore. Oh, how she wished she could’ve rushed off to the nearest Ladies’ room, how wonderful that would’ve been… But that wasn’t an option, and she would simply have to hold on until they arrived back at the office, where she would find the salvation she needed. It was going to be a long drive, but she would have no choice but to endure it.

***

As Ryan exited the meeting room behind the rest and followed them back down the hall towards the lobby, he couldn’t help but feel a tad bit disappointed that the great desperation show had come to an end. At least it had been fun while it lasted. Abby had been beyond agitated towards the end of the meeting, and her legs hadn’t stopped jiggling for the entire last ten minutes. Even once she’d stood up, she couldn’t keep still, and now, as they strode down the hallway, he could see a tenseness in her walk, evidently plagued by discomfort.

He’d purposely remained at the back to keep his vantage point and have his eyes on her without being noticed, and he certainly made use of the opportunity as he admired her round ass, emphasized so enticingly by the tightness of her skirt, the fabric stretching across her backside. He fantasized about all the urine she was holding inside of her, struggling to keep it all pent up within. But even now, after so long, still her face remained expressionless, telling nothing of her dilemma, and Ryan couldn’t help but be impressed by her fortitude.

Then, as they neared the lobby, Ryan noticed Renee Wilkins — Abby’s boss from what he gathered — suddenly turning her head back to look at him. She began slowing down, letting the others pass by as she let Ryan catch up to her, and judging by her expression, she wanted to ask him something.

“Hi, Ryan,” she said as he approached her. “I just wanted to ask; can you show me where the restroom is? I’d like to pop in before we leave.” She looked at him inquiringly.

Ryan felt his heart beating faster again. She has to go too! He’d been so focused on Abby that he hadn’t even paused to consider the fact that someone else might be suffering the same predicament! This was clearly his lucky day. He was in the presence of not one, but two attractive women needing a toilet, and now one of them was asking him where the bathroom was! And while Stephanie had been the one to give the bad news to Abby, this time the pleasure was all his.

Taking a deep breath, he answered back, “I’m sorry, but the plumbing in this building is not up yet. None of the restrooms are usable at the moment.” Just like Stephanie, he put on a mask of sympathy over his face, but it was far from sincere. If anything, he was thrilled at the opportunity to deny this woman the use of a bathroom.

“Oh, I see,” Renee said. Her disappointment was clear from her tone, but like Abby, she quickly hid it. “No matter, I suppose I’ll just have to wait then.” She gave him a quick smile, her tone back to being casual, and while she seemed to play it off, he couldn’t help but wonder if she too was desperate. He found himself now looking at her from behind as they walked; her gray pantsuit looked quite good on her, her trousers seemingly just as tight as Abby’s skirt. Although she was a deal older than Abby in her early forties, she was every bit as good-looking, amplified even more so by her confident and commanding demeanor.

She was clearly a woman with much experience in the work force, a fact she’d demonstrated back in the meeting room with her learned knowledge and thoroughness in the procedures. But at that moment, all Ryan could do was wonder just how full her bladder might be, but no matter how much he studied her, he simply could not get a read on her situation. If she was desperate, it seemed she was quite good at masking it, just like Abby. Were all women this good at hiding it? Or did these two just have a lot of experience dealing with this issue in the past? Ryan wanted to think it was the latter, because the thought of them getting caught short like this on a regular basis was quite an exciting one indeed.

They filed through the lobby and out through the main entrance back outside, where Ryan and Stephanie bid their farewells to the visiting group, before standing back and watching politely as they headed back to their car. Ryan stared longingly after Abby and Renee Wilkins, wanting more than anything to get in that car with them and witness their desperation. But alas, he could not, all he could do was watch as they disappeared into the car, officially bringing his show to an end. Even as they drove off, though, Ryan couldn’t help but think what was in store for the two women. Given how far their destination was, it was undoubtedly going to be a long drive back, and in the state that Abby was in, things could get real problematic real fast…
