Abby: Boardroom Despair - Page 2

Author: Kayn

*032*2023-05-02 20:36

Sorry it took so long to respond, it's been a busy week, but just wanted to pop in and say I've read through all your comments, and I'm beyond flattered! Your kind words mean a lot to me, and I'll definitely use it as encouragement to write some more stories, so a big thank you from me to everyone.

Regarding an alternate ending, I hear you all loud and clear! Haven't had time to get started on it yet, but I'll try to whip something up as soon as I get the chance, though fair warning, it might take me some time. I have seen the suggestions that have been made, so I'll try my best to incorporate what I can.

*037*2023-07-18 04:30

Took a while to get around to writing this, so I do apologize for the lengthy delay.

As requested, this one's for all my fellow "just made it" lovers out there. Enjoy!

Part 6 (Alternate Ending)

Alarm bells were blaring in Abby’s head as she stuttered out word after word. She couldn’t remember the last time she had struggled this much to speak. Her voice felt tight and constricted, and the simple task of enunciating words seemed to take an incredible effort. She could feel sweat beading up on her forehead and felt the warmth on her cheeks which were flushed pink. But worse than any of this was one thing, the only thing that clouded Abby’s mind like a swarm of angry buzzing bees: her full, throbbing, pounding bladder.

She had to pee so incredibly badly that it was almost painful. She fought to blink away the tears that swam in her eyes, while down below her legs bounced so furiously they looked like a jackhammer trying to drill through the floor. Her fists, curled up in the tightest of balls, were pushing down against her skirt at the base of her abdomen, a futile attempt to grasp her crotch which was impossible given the tightness of her skirt stretching across her lap. With no hands to hold herself with, all she could do was squeeze her thighs together as tightly as she possibly could to clamp off her urethra, because inside that little hole between her legs was a massive dam full of boiling hot urine straining to come flooding out, and that simply could not happen.

And so, with her whole body practically shaking in her seat, Abby had stumbled on, uttering one word after another, while in her head she was literally praying for this misery to end. She knew how strange she must’ve sounded to those around the table as she stumbled on about the details on the piece of paper she clutched in her hand, but at that moment, she didn’t even care. All that mattered was getting out of this room as soon as possible so she could beeline to the nearest toilet. At the very least, no one seemed to be aware of her embarrassing predicament; most likely they thought the young visitor was just nervous speaking in front of so many senior employees.

So focused was Abby on not totally peeing herself where she sat that she didn’t even notice the door opening and two people walking in until she saw Sydney reassuming her seat next to her. Mrs. Wilkins took her seat on the opposite side as well, immediately flipping through her papers to catch up to what was being discussed.

“Thank you, Abby,” Mrs. Wilkins acknowledged her with a nod as Abby finished explaining her current point with considerable internal difficulty. “I can take it from here.” Oh, thank god. Abby had never been so happy to stop talking.

It had now been over five hours since Abby’s urge had first begun this morning, and by now she was beyond frantic. Her bladder was absolutely bursting at the seams, its walls being stretched beyond its limits like a water balloon being pumped with way too much fluid. And yet, her kidneys didn’t seem to care one jot, mindlessly pumping away more and more filtered urine by the second. She shuddered involuntarily as a devastatingly powerful surge of desperation tore through her body; her vision blurred as her eyes welled with tears, and she bent her head down as she directed every bit of energy she had to her quivering, exhausted sphincter. 

But it was tiring out, and her bladder was only getting fuller and stronger. She felt drops of pee starting to dribble through and seep into her panties, and no amount of muscle clenching seemed to stop it. Oh my god, it’s starting to come out… It was so utterly excruciating, she was so unbelievably desperate, and yet, trapped at this meeting in this posh conference room with one of their most important clients, there was nothing she could do but wait, totally helpless in the face of adversity. She wouldn’t have wished this on her worst enemy.

She had no idea how much more of this she could take. All she knew was that she was rapidly running out of time, and if this meeting didn’t end very soon… she couldn’t even bear to think about what that would mean. No, that’ll never happen, it won’t… She could wait, she had to, there was no other way.

But at that moment, waiting was the hardest task in the world, when mere minutes seemed to last a lifetime. Her bladder pulsed and throbbed, its forceful pushes so strong it felt like violent contractions ripping through her entire lower body. With every wave of pressure, she clenched and unclenched her muscles, and each one felt like the end, her heart skipping a beat as, just for a second, it seemed that she’d crossed the point of no return, that her muscles had finally given up for good. But somehow, in some way, she kept going, she kept holding on. Yet deep down, she knew she was merely delaying the inevitable. She couldn’t keep up this fight much longer.

This is unbelievable. For not the first time that day, Abby felt her despair turn to anger and frustration. What did I do to deserve this? It was so embarrassing, even if she didn’t completely flood the seat she was sitting on, her behavior and performance had been abysmal, something her boss would surely not forget.

As another burst of pee shot into her underwear, Abby was seriously starting to panic. Leaning forward at the very edge of her seat, she pushed her balled-up fists as deep into her crotch as she could, her thighs fanning in and out so fast that her knees were banging into each other. Oh, PLEASE just end, I can’t wait, please… Abby was on the verge of crying. Her bladder was on fire, it felt like there were a thousand red-hot knives trying to force their way out of the little hole between her legs. She was so desperate she couldn’t even think. She couldn’t even begin to fathom how she was holding it in anymore.

But her resolve was falling, and her sphincter was failing. She could no longer stop the leaks, which were quickly growing more frequent by the minute. With each little dribble, her panties grew wetter and wetter, and soon the entire front of it was soaked, the wet fabric clinging tightly to her womanhood. Soon it would start to show on her skirt. Oh my god… Her breath was coming in soft gasps, and her heart was pounding in her throat. This was it — she had to do something. She had waited and waited, beyond what seemed humanly possible, and yet the meeting continued without an end in sight, and she simply couldn’t hold on any longer. If she did, the consequences would be disastrous. She had to ask for a break — she really didn’t want to, but she had no other choice. It’s okay, they’ll understand, Abby reasoned with herself. Mrs. Wilkins did it and nobody cared, just do the same.

Having made up her mind, she sat waiting for an opportune moment to interrupt the meeting. All the while, she rehearsed what to say endlessly in her head. Excuse me, may I please go use the restroom? Can I be excused, please? I need to use the restroom. I’m sorry to interrupt, but I need to use the bathroom, can someone escort me? Over and over again she repeated the line to herself, sitting bolt upright in her chair, writhing in absolute agony as she waited for a break in the discussion.

After a few more long minutes, her moment finally came as one of the gentlemen on the far side of the table wrapped up with whatever he was talking about — Abby genuinely had no idea. There was a momentary pause in the proceedings as they pondered which topic to move onto next. This was her chance, and she couldn’t afford to miss it. Heart pounding and flushing beet red, Abby cleared her throat and raised her hand to draw attention.

Susan noticed. “Yes, Abby? You have something to add?”

“Um, n-no, uh, actually…” Abby gulped, trying to swallow the knot in her throat. “I-I just, I have to use the restroom… would someone be able to show me the way?”

“Oh, I see…” Susan seemed to ponder for a moment. “You know, Abby, if you don’t mind, I’ll have someone escort you once we finish up here, alright? Don’t worry, you won’t have to wait long, we’re almost done.” She began to turn away.

“Wait!” Abby blurted out. Startled, Susan glanced back at Abby. Glowing even redder, Abby gulped again, fighting to keep tears at bay. “I-I’m so sorry,” her voice shook, “it’s really urgent, I really can’t wait, c-can someone please escort me now?” She looked pleadingly towards Susan, practically begging to be excused. It was so embarrassing, causing such a childish scene in such a formal setting, but Abby was seconds away from exploding in her seat — this was not the time to stay silent.

“Oh…” Susan seemed momentarily at a loss for words, suddenly looking towards Abby with quite some concern. Quickly recovering herself, she cleared her throat. “Uh, of course, if it’s precarious, then I certainly won’t keep you waiting. Sydney, could you please show her the way?”

Abby, beyond embarrassed but feeling eternally grateful to have the chance to finally escape this room, gingerly got to her feet, her legs trembling underneath her. As she stood upright, the immense weight of her bladder suddenly seemed to magnify tenfold, sending yet another leak bursting into her underwear, and for one terrifying moment, it felt as though everything was about to come flooding out underneath her. Turning away from the table, she winced in pain as she awkwardly scrambled around her chair with her thighs clenched together, feeling the wetness creeping onto her tights. But she held on with all her might, and she managed to regain control — just barely. She could feel the stares from everyone in the room behind her, but at that moment she couldn’t even bring herself to care.

Sydney stood holding the door open for her. Needing no invitation, Abby plunged forward and out of the room before looking expectantly towards her escort.

“Right this way.” Sydney took the lead, walking briskly down the hall as Abby hobbled along right behind her. Her bladder was throbbing with anticipation, and every step she took seemed to double the already excruciating pressure under her skirt. They couldn’t get to the bathroom soon enough.

But as they rounded a corner and came face to face with a locked security door, Abby was forced to come to a stop, against the will of every fiber of her being. As Sydney fumbled with her ID card, it took every ounce of willpower she had not to whimper out loud and bend over in half with her hands on her crotch. Instead, she stood with her hands clenched together in front, leaning forward slightly at her waist while her knees shook violently underneath her. Not an ounce of room was left in her bladder, and she could feel drops of urine starting to trickle down her inner thigh, soaking right through her tights. God, Sydney, hurry uppp… For some reason, the scanner on the wall was taking forever to read Sydney’s card. Abby screamed a thousand curses in her head, teeth clenched so tight together they were in danger of cracking right open.

Finally, the scanner emitted a green light, and the door clicked. Sydney had hardly pushed it open before Abby practically ran through it, almost knocking the other girl over in her haste.

On the other side, Sydney pointed. “There it is, Abby. I’ll wait here, you go ahead —”

Whatever else Sydney said was completely lost on Abby. The moment her eyes had fallen on the ladies’ room door, everything else in the world ceased to exist. Not wasting a second, she surged forward, her upraised palm colliding against the wooden door as she shoved it forcefully open, before turning and rushing immediately to the open stall. Slamming the cubicle door so hard it rattled the entire frame, she fumbled with the lock with trembling fingers while her feet danced below her, doing everything she could to hold back the waterfall just a few more seconds.

But her bladder would not obey, and her sphincter no longer had the strength to withstand it. The lock clicked into place, but before she could even get her hands down to her skirt, she lost control completely. Urine came spurting out with incredible force, cascading right through her tights and splattering all over the floor between her legs. In one frantic moment, Abby grasped the hem of her skirt with her fingers and yanked it up over her waist, then, still peeing uncontrollably, tore down her tights and underwear in a second downward swoop before finally dropping down onto the toilet below.

“Ohhhhhh...” Abby moaned audibly, her mouth falling open. But if anyone else was in that bathroom, they would not have heard it, such was the volume of the monstrous geyser that was blasting against the porcelain. It sounded as if a storm was pouring out from between her thighs, erupting out of her little pee-hole and crashing into the toilet, so loud even Sydney could probably hear it clearly from well outside the bathroom. But to Abby, all that mattered at that moment was the complete and absolute bliss, the utter relief that was flowing through every vein of her body. She sat there in total delirium, her thighs spread apart with her drenched tights and underwear stretched between them, while out of her still-open mouth came one drawn out breathy moan after another. And all the while, the urine storm rained down below, one thick, clear stream of hot pee rushing out at speed. All that pain and agony, hours of absolute torture, finally fading, reprieved at long last.

Well over a minute had passed before the dam inside her had depleted completely, a duration during which Abby had enjoyed every second that had passed, savoring the sensation of her urine rushing through her urethra. Even after it had finally come to an end, she sat there for another couple of minutes in silence, catching her breath and trying to regain her composure. Oh my god, I can’t believe that actually happened. That had been way too close for comfort. Towards the end there, she had genuinely thought she would wet herself, so great was her desperation. 

Truth be told, she hadn’t fully made it. Her tights, which she had been too late to save, were totally ruined, almost every inch of them sopping wet with her pee; her panties hadn’t fared any better. Having recovered herself, she finally got to her feet and stripped off the tights, chucking them into the trash before dabbing her glistening urine-streaked legs with a large wad of toilet paper. It wasn’t just her legs; the floor was specked all over with her pee. Not wanting to leave any evidence of her mini accident, she set to cleaning it all up.

Once satisfied, she reemerged from the stall, washed her hands, and brushed herself down in front of the mirror. To her great relief, her skirt was devoid of any wet spots, all thanks to her quick hands which had gotten them out of harm’s way just in time. It really had been an awfully close thing. One more minute at that meeting and… she shuddered at the thought.

Her head still felt a bit dazed, both from sheer relief and exhaustion, but she collected herself and stepped back out into the hallway.

Sydney stood waiting by the security door. “Feel better?”

“Yeah. Much better.”

The End

*040*2023-07-18 20:21

{{14 hours ago, Kreed said:

Was on the lookout for this and it did not disappoint one bit.

Don't get me wrong, I love it when the characters don't make it (Hell, I thought I prefered it), but, in Abby's case, I felt really sorry for her when she wet herself at first. Somehow it didn't feel right. After enduring such a long, horrible and painful struggle against all odds, Abby earned this relief fair and square. And by the look of it, she relished in every second of it.

}}

{{8 hours ago, DespAndHold said:

Brilliant alternative ending. I felt so much for Abbie and to be honest I’m still a bit gutted she had to experience embarrassment. I’d have loved her to have asked for the break and Mrs. Wilkins be forced to remain professional somehow but that is the beauty of writing of this high standard it makes the reader feel so much a part of the story that their imagination can run elsewhere. Thank you so very much for this masterpiece

}}

Thanks guys, glad you enjoyed it. As someone who largely prefers just made it endings, I totally get what you mean, I don't like the embarrassment either. But I know there are a lot of people here who do, so I like to mix things up to have something for everyone. This alternate ending system has been working pretty well as a compromise, though, so I think I might just keep doing it in the future.

{{14 hours ago, Kreed said:

I particularly liked how she did wet herself a little, but it wasn't anything severe. It serves as a nice middle ground for everyone, I think.

}}

This is one of my favorite things. I think it's a token of her absolute desperation when she can't even wait until she gets her tights down before she starts peeing full force. Really emphasizes how close it really was.

{{14 hours ago, Kreed said:

Good luck in your future endeavours and perhaps we'll see Abby some day again in the future 😉

}}

Maybe she'll drop in again, who knows? But I think I'm gonna give the poor girl a break for the time being, and shift my focus onto some other ladies. Can't let Abby have all the fun, after all.

