Connor & Cassie

Author: Kinglear07

*000*2023-06-07 00:09

"Hey Connor!"

I turned to look who was calling my name, but I already knew. It was Cassie. Seeing her instantly brought a smile to my face.

"Hey Cass!" I said back to her, as she trotted to catch up to me.

"You heading out? Or do you have practice today?" She asked me.

Some days I have band practice after school, but today was a free day for me so I was about to walk home. I was getting my things out of my locker before Cassie ran up to me.

"Nah I'm headed home, I was about to start walking. Want to come with?" I asked her.

Cassie and I have been hardcore flirting for a month now. We both knew we were into each other, but in typical high school fashion neither of us had the guts to make a move, so we continued our flirtatious dance. It was a ton of fun, but I knew I definitely wanted more. Cassie was my dream girl.

We go to the same high school, and We actually live in the same neighborhood, just on completely different ends so about one mile away from one another. A bus goes through our neighborhood, but the walk from school to my house is maybe two miles, and I like to get some exercise every now and then. Cassie usually takes the bus since it's a three mile walk for her, but since we'd started talking she's walked with me a few times.

Once I asked her the question I could see her mentally hem and haw over it. She gave me a look that showed me she definitely wanted to join me, but there was something else there that was clouding her decision, something I couldn't quite read. But before I could think more on it, she answered.

"Absolutely! Let's get going!" She said with a big smile.

Cassie and I exited school out the front door and got walking. I could make the two mile walk in roughly 20 minutes, depending on how fast I was going. When I'm with Cassie it's closer to 30, but I don't mind, it's just another chance to get to spend more time with her.

Cassie and I actually have known each other for a long time, but never really connected in the same activities or the same friend groups. But now in junior year, we had two classes together and started partnering up for a few things. Before I knew it, we were passing notes, sharing phone numbers, even sharing knowing glances from across the classroom. Like I said, we both knew what this was, but we just hadn't fully jumped in yet.

"So that math test huh?? How'd you do?" I asked her as we walked.

"I think I did alright! It was hard but our extra studying paid off, I think."

Cassie and I spent a few extra hours in the library studying. Something we both were more than happy to do together this week.

"Nice!" I replied. "I think I did pretty well too, I guess we'll see next week when we get the grades back."

"Yeah!" Cassie replied.

This was unusual though, because Cassie was Normally very bubbly and talkitive, and tends to talk my ear off on our walks. Today she wasn't exactly acting weird, but she wasn't her normal self either.

"You all good Cass?" I asked, after a weird moment of silence.

Her cheeks turned red, and she smiled big in an attempt to recover.

"Oh yeah I'm fine! Just thinking is all."

I bought it for now, but kept my eye on it for the rest of the walk. We were less than ten minutes in and still had a ways to go. But after my comment, Cassie held the conversation better, at least for a little while.

"Ahhh" Cassie suddenly let out as I was droning about something.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

She got red in the face again and didn't meet my gaze.

"N-Nothing, I just... It's nothing!" She said.

Now I knew something was up. I felt like we were close enough now to press the issue, but I didn't want to seem pushy, so I was at a loss on how to approach the situation. Fortunately though, she let out another gasp.

"Ahh!" Cassie let out, this time placing a hand on her stomach.

"You sure you're feeling alright Cass?" I asked.

"Actually I..." She paused.

Her cheeks turned red and stayed red this time, and she did a quick look back and forth.

Then she spoke, in almost a whisper. "I actually really have to use the bathroom."

Clearly this was embarrassing for her, but my heart nearly lept out of my chest when I heard her speak. With my particular fetish, I had been fantasizing about this exact situation for years. I had never planned to tell anyone this, let alone Cassie, but here we are with the situation presenting itself right in front of me on a silver platter. I knew I had to play this right. I knew I could enjoy this no matter the outcome, and still be a good person at the same time.

"Oh shoot! Okay, we're about halfway home, think you can make it?" I said to her.

"Halfway to YOUR home maybe, I still have another mile after that until my place." She replied with a look of concern.

"Damn" I replied. "That's right. And now I feel bad for asking you to walk home with me instead of taking the bus!"

She looked at me after I said that. "No no no! I wanted to come, really! I thought I'd have more time to-- Ahh!" She ended with another gasp, this time doubling over mid walk.

I could tell this was more serious than she was letting on, but what I wasn't sure if yet is if this was a number one situation, or a number two. Either way I didn't mind, but I still wanted to be tactful here.

"Are you able to pickup the pace? Or do you want to stop here and call someone? I don't mind waiting with you." I suggested.

"That's sweet" she replied. "But no one is at my house right now, so I think we should just keep going. I think I can keep going for now."

Suddenly, I had an idea.

"Hey, see that small area of trees up ahead? Why don't you just go run in there quick and go behind a tree? I know it's easier for guys but... Desperate times, right?" I said, pointing to the trees.

She looked out to the trees and bit her lip in thought, before saying:

"While that is a good idea, unfortunately I don't... Just have to pee..." She said, trailing off.

A number two situation indeed.

"Ahhh now I understand. Well let's get hoofing it then, no time to waste!" I said in an effort to pick up her mood.

I picked up my pace and she followed along with me for another five minutes. We were under a mile away from my house now, but just under two miles from hers. I thought we'd been doing well up until now, but suddenly Cassie had to stop and double over again, this time with her hands between her legs.

"Ahhhhh shoot this sucks!" She said, clearly starting to get really nervous. She stood back up and started to wiggle her hands around in some sort of soothing mechanism.

It was here where I saw an opening, and I went for it. I grabbed her hand.

"Come one we're getting close! Stay with me Cass, we're gonna get you home!" I said, speeding up to just short of a jog now. I held her hand in mine as we went, slightly pulling her along. This was clearly a big moment for both of us, but I was destined to keep cool. I looked over to her and gave her smile, which she promptly returned. We shared a knowing look for a second, before the concern returned to her face.

We were able to keep that pace again for another five minutes. We were just a quarter mile from my house, I could see it down at the end of the street. But Cassie's situation was deteriorating.

"Fuck..." I heard her hiss under her breath. She took her hand from mine and shot it back in between her legs as we walked. Up until now she had ignored her butt, but I saw her use her other hand to occasionally check for any leaks from either end.

"Ahhh Connor I'm not sure I'm going to make it, this is really bad" She finally said to me.

We stopped again, and she immediately doubled over with both hands in her crotch. She also started doing a little pee pee dance.

I turned to look how far away her house was, when I had realized how dumb I was being.

"Shoot!" We said in unison. I was confused, but Cassie began:

"I just leaked a little!" She said panicking. She took her hands away for just a second and I saw a small dark patch in her dark cotton leggings. It took every fiber of my being not to get a partial, but luckily I kept my composure. She is gorgeous, after all.

"That's ok! I don't know why I was so dumb, just come with me to my house! We're like two blocks away, and no one is home! Come on!" I said, grabbing her hand again, this time really jogging. Cassie didn't say anything, but she immediately matched my pace, a sign I took as approval of my plan.

As we jogged I watched Cassie get more and more desperate. She didn't try to hide it at all anymore. She jogged with an odd gait, clearly trying to keep her insides inside. Her face was fully flush and the panic was all over her. But I just held her hand, it was the only thing I could do.

Three minutes later, we were approaching my house, maybe another 50 yards away, when Cassie stopped again.

"What're you doing, we're so close!" I said, but then I saw why she stopped. She was doubled over, desperately trying to stop the flow of her pee.

"Fuck I'm peeing!" She said.

I didn't know what to say, I just watched as she attempted to stop the flow. Miraculously, she was able to after only another second or two. She removed her hands from her crotch briefly again, and I saw the dark patch had spread to the size of a grapefruit below her vagina. This time I really did get a partial, but I also sprung into action.

"I'm gonna go unlock the door, make your way over asap!" I said, running away from her.

I sprinted to my front door, frantically finding the right key on my keychain. Once I got there, I got the door unlocked, then turned around to see if Cass was close.

She was walking towards me, but with her legs totally clamped together, and very slowly, so it was more of a waddle. She seemed to be trying *not* to hyperventilate, but I'm not sure it was working.

"Come on it's right here!!" I said to her, now maybe 20 yards from me.

"I'm not gonna make it Connor I feel it all about to come out!" She said with tears in her eyes.

"She's so close" I said to myself quietly, truly hoping at this point that she would make it.

"Just run! You're so close now you'll make it!"

"I can't Connor!" She said.

"I know you can do it Cass!" I said for encouragement.

I saw her look down, take a couple quick breaths, and just break out in a sprint.

As I watched her run towards me, time seemed to slow down like it does in the movies. she's so freaking pretty, I couldn't help but stare. And while she had an even bigger wet spot in her leggings now, I couldn't look away from the look of determination on her face. It was truly a sight to see.

"Up the stairs, last door on the right!" I shouted to her as she got close.

She was maybe five yards from me and closing fast. She zoomed past me, and in one fell swoop she tossed her backpack and kicked her shoes off without even breaking stride, which was incredibly impressive. Unfortunately for her though, this is when the wheels came off.

I slammed the door behind us and started to follow her up the stairs. But on the very last step she tripped, and I knew it was over. She fell on to the second floor, landing on all fours.

"Fuck fuck no no no it's coming out! I'm pooping my pants!!" She shouted, still on her hands and knees in the hallway. I was still on the stairs, two steps behind her watching it all unfold.

@@All at once, her poop shot out of her butt and into her pants at high speed. It was a large, hard log that rented out her yoga pants very quickly. As this first log pushed out, she peed in full force, drenching her leggings entirely. A loud audible hiss was heard alongside the puffs and pops of the poop she was pushing out. I heard her grunt as well, likely involuntarily. More poop followed her grunts too. This time, softer poop flowed out of her on either side of the solid log, filling out the tent in her rear and turning it into a more shapely mound. And a large mound at that. Her pee continued as well, with the wetness now flowing up her backside. She continued to push it all out for another ten seconds until she was completely empty. Her poop bulge grew slightly still, resting at around the size of a cantaloupe. The hiss of her pee died down, and all that was heard was the rhythmic drop that came from the bottom of the mound on her rear. The rest of my house was silent, and neither said a word for about 30 seconds.

Cass let out a deep, full-bodied sigh and let her head fall. She knew she had lost, and this was her way of accepting what has just happened. She made her way to her feet, still facing away from me. I didn't know what to say, but luckily she spoke first.

"Clearly this is incredibly disgusting, and I am so sorry for shitting and pissing myself All over your floor." She began. Her voice waivered, and I could tell she was trying incredibly hard not to sob.

She started to turn around, and continued: "I understand if you never want to see me again, but--"

She paused, and looked me in the eyes. I met her gaze, and we shared a thoughtful look, saying everything without even saying anything at all. But then she looked down at my crotch, as I looked down at hers. It was here where I realized I had popped a full boner, and it was clearly evident in my athletic shorts. All six inches of me was standing at attention, sticking straight out in her direction in a tent in my own pants.

It took me a second to realize what she was staring at, before I looked down. My gut reaction was to cover myself, and I stammered to get something out.

"I-- i-- I uh-- gosh I'm so-- ahh you were just-- and I was--"

I was floundering and she could tell. I stopped and met her gaze again. We froze for another five seconds, but it felt like an eternity.

"Ha ha... Hahahahaha!!!" Cassie laughed. I joined her laughter, and we broke down in the hallway in hysterical fits. We laughed for maybe a minute straight.

"Oh gees..." Cassie said, as we laughed our last.

"I'm so glad that turned you on, because I'm so horny I could die."

You guys know that meme, where a giy throws out some heat, seeing if the girl will match his energy, and the girl throws even more heat? That's exactly what this felt like.

"Excuse me?" I said with a grin, eyebrows raised.

"You heard what I said" Cass said, biting her lip.

She walked towards me, and looked me in the eyes. While she certainly took a bold step, I could easily tell she was trying not to panic in hopes that her move would not backfire. Luckily, I was more than ready to match her energy.

I stepped right up to her and kissed her, softly. I held her face with one hand, and pulled away. We shared a look of pure desire, but also of a kind of bliss. A look of "finally, we're here."

I kissed her again, hard this time, and I pulled her right up next to me..my boner poked her in the lower stomach, but neither of us cared. I ran my hands up and down her back, slowly making my way down to her rear. She was running her hands through my hair and up and down my back.

I finally got bold enough to feel her massive bulge, and I swear I could have died it was so incredible. It was still warm, and sagged her leggings incredibly low while still hugging her ass. I gave out a moan, which really set Cassie off. She broke off our kiss and took a step back.

"Is this as hot for you as it as for me?" She asked.

"Hotter." Was all I could reply.

She took my hand, turned, and walked us into my room and shut the door. Thank God my parents wouldn't be home for another hour!

###

If you guys like this story and want to see more of Connor and Cassie, let me know! I have ideas on how this might go forward. Maybe Cassie reveals she's always been into this, maybe it's new for her, maybe she gets into diapers, who knows!

