Alice has a humiliating accident in class

Author: kruton

*000*2023-08-20 00:30

"Aw shit," I thought, "I forgot to go to the bathroom before school. School rules require a teacher to takes students to the bathroom during class and I'm not doing that. I'm going to have to hold it 'til lunch."

It wasn't a big deal, really, the need wasn't overwhelming at the moment. My pee wasn't soaking through my clothes, or creating a puddle on the floor. There was really only the little tell-tale tingle, letting me know that I had to go. Nothing like a bladder crying out for relief. It wasn't the first time I'd held my bladder, and there were plenty of times I'd almost peed myself. There had been dozens of times I'd almost wet my pants, like the time where I had drunk a 2-liter of Mountain Dew without peeing and ran the last 100 yards home after getting off the bus with a full bladder that almost exploded just as I sat on the toilet. But just like then, I could manage today. No problem. That's what I thought then.

All throughout the morning, it progressed, in tiny increments, the need. Whenever a toilet crossed my mind, it was still nothing overwhelming, just a sudden reminder of my body's need to release it's pee. I put off the reality of my situation, the growing truth that my poor bladder was slowly filling up with the pee. Until a cramp in the hall made me cross my legs, and brought the urgency of the need home. Suddenly I was aware how much I really had to go! My bladder was trying to take care of business as I stood up, so the tiniest drop almost came out of me. Another 3 seconds, and a stream would've started. A moment of urgency so strong it made my legs shake, followed by nothing. As long as I could walk, and make myself hold it, I would not pee my pants.

The need then, as time passed, and more and more of my bladder's capacity was filled, and less and less room left, became something impossible to ignore. Each step, a struggle. Each tingle within my urethra, no matter how tiny, noted, and accompanied by a decision: Go to the bathroom. But no, there was nowhere to go. So as the strength of my resolve waned, more and more of my bladder fills. And becomes so tense, and full, and I get the urge every second to relieve myself.

As I reach the end of the hall, I'm almost crying. From my seat in math class, I can see the whole class. This is the room where it's most certainly possible that I may, may wet myself. If it happens in here, there's no way it can ever be hidden. Here, I have to just openly show everybody, everything.

The teacher's long speech, 15 minutes of her babbling on, trying to learn something, something like why angles converge, while a naggingly desperate need to pee builds up in my poor stressed bladder, which has no room left inside of me to fill without leaking, or to fill further. 15 minutes, I'm crying at the thought of what might happen. Everybody has their eyes fixed on the teacher, or on their paper. Who would notice my embarrassment if my bladder leaked the tiniest bit? And with each passing minute my need to pee grows, along with the idea that my bladder is probably beginning to leak. A drop of pee hitting the floor, at that moment, would be deafening, I would be crying, humiliated forever.

But more time passes and the pressure building up in my bladder becomes more and more suffocating. My jeans pressing in, my stomach feels warm, and sensitive, and so very hot. With the barest touch, I'd probably scream out. My stomach already groaning, louder and louder as it makes ever more room inside itself for the pee to find nowhere.

The class stretches on forever. The need at this point is all consuming. I shut my eyes tight and tell myself I'm 18 years old, and 18 year old girls do not pee their pants. When I open my eyes I see the clock above the board. 35 minutes before I can leave. But these 35 minutes seem too much for my own brain to handle. There's so much build up in my bladder, that leaves me squirming and panting. That tiny bit of pee has most certainly, DEFINITELY not been stopping now.

"Alice," my teacher says, "come up and show everybody how to do this math problem."

Unmistakably this is too much. Every moment until now has been unbearable enough, I just don't think I can stand in front of everybody and not have an accident, but what choice do I have? I can't not do it, I'd have to explain and the very idea of needing to explain it publicly that I need to pee is such an embarrassment I would pee myself in the middle of my explanation. And at this point, merely climbing out of the chair to stand in front of everybody is incredibly difficult. What if I open my legs and pee fills up in my pants mid-stand? As I stand up, there's no possible way I will NOT pee myself. This is a certainty. It's mere moments of physical motion before every person here would see my urethra tear, and feel the warm relief flow down my legs as everybody makes the connection.

"Alice!"

I'll get there, but first I have to uncross my legs in order to take a single step. Each single movement of muscle across my crotch sends the message: "Pee!" My entire nervous system is committed, even if my brain is still desperately denying what is happening and going to happen. Bending my legs at the knee forces more pee into my bladder, just one more drop may trigger a flow. I'm not crying, I'm screaming in my head.

Walking to the front of the classroom is among the most anxiety inducing activities I've ever had to deal with. Crossing my legs the whole way, holding everything in, I keep telling myself that being made fun of for peeing my pants in class would be humiliating. By the time I arrive at the board, I'm breathing heavily and whimpering. After a brief blur of understanding of the question she asked me, I can no longer keep my thighs together tightly enough, so I change position.

My butt juts out, almost like a plea of giving up and saying "Let me pee!" My hands clutching the marker at the board are clenching and unclenching. With each hand movement, the idea of peeing myself increases infinitesimally. Almost to the point of exploding, I grab the marker with both of my sweaty hands. When it drags across the board, I can't even begin to finish writing "3" before a massive leak escapes me. I am crying, big open-mouth sobs are coming from me as a small damp spot forms on my jeans.

As suddenly as it started, I immediately focus on bringing my legs back together, to try stop myself from leaking. Each leg and muscle a symphony of stress, groaning as they come back together, and take over the task of holding in the pee that has a destiny of wetting my panties and legs and everything else that isn't inside of me.

Only moments later, and another trickle comes, this time slowly, down my left leg. I cross and uncross my legs, switching frantically, doing anything to possibly save myself. With each motion, I'm giving a silent oath to the room full of classmates that I am not a baby, and I do not pee myself. But there's no hiding it. Slowly, a huge wet stain spreads across my crotch. A growing patch, it forces my attention inwards, at my bladder that is making a joke of me. If I could scream it would be bursting. As I sob into my palms, my lower regions in ruins.

Like the ultimate punishment from nature, the heavens have decided that "Alice needs to learn some humility" and it's their responsibility, so they've given me a leaky bladder. Perhaps there is a demon living there, a puffy-eyed demon with tiny goat horns sitting atop my bladder that will force me to pee whenever it wants.

As this realization hits, there is no doubt, I am not allowed to leave here dry. This must be humiliation to the fullest extent, and so after years of holding my bladder, through the daintiest leaks and the most embarrassing, now everyone's staring. Staring at my crotch to see if I pee myself again, and everybody's satisfied to see my jeans, and crotch, get very wet as my bladder finally gives way completely.

Squirt after squirt, pee erupts out of my body as though my bladder was determined to win an award for copious amounts of pee. As with all of the previous failed attempts at avoiding peeing my pants, I immediately decide no no no! My mind, telling my bladder, my legs. I am not peeing myself! Nobody gets to see that, I'm far too dignified! So focused on being clean in mind and body, I completely ignore the damage I've already done. I would probably make a move to run to the bathroom, but the dam has broken and I cannot stop myself.

Nobody, not the teacher, or anybody else, have looked away, fixated upon me and my waterfall crotch. My embarrassment grows that I can't stop it. More pee in a single moment than I would consider it is possible for my bladder to hold, it keeps coming out. As the moment stretches out, I reach an epiphany that will bother me for the rest of my life: I just peed myself in front of my entire math class, and this will never leave my conscious for as long as I live.

Because it has already happened, it has become fact in my memory. History. I can no longer imagine a reality where my teacher has not seen me at my most embarrassing, my classmates have not judged me, and I have not peed in front of everybody. To think differently would be lying to myself. After the intensity of the feeling of the pee flowing out of me and the terror of what's happening. I nearly faint in my final stages, as the pee begins to trickle out of me, no more squirts. Just a gentle shower as I shake, as I try to contain the shame I feel because I peed in front of the entire classroom. I do not want to speak, I do not want to move.

I beg in my head to somebody that it will all go away, I'll get to erase the last 30 minutes of my life, and it will become different. Everybody has seen me in a moment more profoundly intimate than either of us wish to experience. All their first times seeing me are after this point. In their memory, every time, I've peed my pants and they've watched. When I say hello, they'll simply think of that mid-semester day of 12th grade. They'll remember the girl who peed herself in class and their memories will have changed to accommodate that moment as a permanent fixture in our relationship.

But then, after the realization, after the absolute horror of what has happened, everything inside of me feels clean. Drained, empty. The last few droplets flow out of me, splashing down. I hold on a moment more, a moment, before a little starts dripping out of me again. My whole body takes note of the pee, the relaxing of every single muscle in my thighs and crotch, allowing my last remaining drops to ooze into my jeans.

My eyes close in desperate sorrow and I hang my head, humiliated. Finally, my brain recognizes that the trickle has stopped, and I'm standing in my own urine in front of everybody. Before, I crossed and uncrossed my legs, willing myself to stand there without pee. Now, as it all happens, it all gives out. My posture suddenly slumps. My head rolls towards my chest, utterly exhausted from the effort of holding in what seems like a year's worth of urine. I hear the teacher scream at me to get into the bathroom, but I've reached the end.

When I snap back into reality, the whole class is staring.

"I...," I say, finally, "wet my pants."

And there it is. The undeniable proof that not only have I, without a doubt, peed my pants in public and subjected myself to massive amounts of abuse from now till the end of my life, but that I've publicly stated it to everybody. I just spoke out loud to the whole class that I just peed myself. Then I noticed that there are tears running down my face, and the room echoes with the laughter and screams of my classmates as they finally reach the end of their breaking point, bursting forth with no means of holding it in. Their faces are going white, and they're clutching their sides and screaming. This is when the sobbing begins, and the piss soaked pants between my legs are the culprit. And the warmth there, as it passes down my legs, the warmth I don't immediately understand is that of my own pee until the scent hits me is something so disgusting, I'm crying so much that tears are covering my whole face.

All of these thoughts running through my head, and that of my classmates, whom will all remember me as the girl old enough to know better that wet her pants and cried at the sheer embarrassment. Everyone will. It's all over, and it's just beginning.

======

This is mostly AI generated using NovelAI's new Kayra model. The Kayra model enhances text generation significantly over the older models. NovelAI is not censored, stories are encrypted, you can change generation settings, and you get a standard document editor so you can edit the story as you see fit. The fun of this wasn't just writing the story, but seeing what the AI would write, and then going back and having it rewrite and see the story take a different direction. If you use this you might spend more time writing a story just to see the infinite directions the AI will take it. I used the retry button a lot, and made some edits here and there to keep the story going in the direction I wanted. The model makes grammar and word choice mistakes on the most creative settings I used, so if you see anything grammatically confusing or incorrect I just missed it while editing.

For settings I used the Kayra model, prose augmenter module which makes the AI more descriptive, and Asper generation preset. I started the story with the following synopsis of what I wanted the model to start writing which I cut out of the story. You'll notice it didn't include everything, but that's the fun part of seeing where a story goes.

{{ 

In this story we meet Alice. 18 years old, red hair, a smattering of freckles, wearing thick glasses. She's not popular, she's just a normal teenage girl. She's wearing a red shirt, and light blue jeans. Today she's going to pee her pants during class. This is a story of her utter humiliation as she wets herself, first slowly, one squirt at a time, and then faster until her bladder empties out with a loud hiss that everybody can hear.

We will explore how she feels when the teacher doesn't allow her to go to the bathroom, how she acts as she realizes she's going to pee her pants, her desperate attempts to stop the pee from coming out of her, the feeling of the warm pee filling her panties and jeans, the feeling of the pee forcing it's way out of her bladder. We will see her cry as the first dark stain appears on her jeans, as it grows bigger and bigger, covering her lap, running down her legs, and making a puddle of the floor. This will be absolutely devastating to her, and absolutely erotic to you, the reader. It's told from Alice's point of view and we can hear every thought Alice has. Let's begin.

}}

