Kira really needs to pee at work

Author: KiraFan

*000*2022-04-24 15:27

"Oh dear..." Kira muttered to himself. He was eyeing the restroom, which had a long line of people, some of which being his colleagues, as the employee restroom was out of order. Kira had been holding his three mugs of coffee for a little over an hour now, and, being who he was, he absolutely refused to use the restroom unless it was completely empty, and so, he continued his work. A while later Kira felt his bladder grow heavier as his need began taking control. Shifting his weight, he tried to think of anything besides how full he was, but this proved to be difficult as his bladder protested the wait. Kira gritted his teeth and subtly pressed his legs together, resting his hands over his thighs. He looked toward the line and cringed. He would have to wait longer. flustered, Kira ducked into an isle away from cameras and customers and squeezed his groin, whimpering softly as the pressure grew sharp and more persistent.

"Mr. Kira, are you alright?" a kind voice from behind him caused him to freeze. He gulped and removed his hands from between his legs, his bladder aching and swelling as he strained himself to keep control. He turned to face a familiar coworker and squeaked out a pathetic response.

"I'm f-fine." Kira began to tremble, his bladder on the verge of leaking.

"Are you sure...because, well..." His coworker sheepishly rubbed at the back of his neck, "You kind of looked like you-uh...really needed a restroom.

"I'm sorry-" the words shot from Kira's mouth as he registered the embarrassment of the situation, his face growing hot and tears pooling in his eyes. Feeling he was close to loosing it, he returned his hands between his thighs to hold, avoiding eye contact with his coworker, who looked at him sympathetically, before putting an arm around him and guiding him to the employee restrooms, despite them being out of order. Kira was ever so close to bursting, urine beginning to spurt into his boxers every now and then. He felt as if his bladder would pop if he held on much longer, that is, if his muscles didn't give out to exhaustion. He communicated this to his coworker with a strained, pleading groan and three shuddering words, "It really hurts!" The two picked up the pace.

"We're almost there, can you hold it just a little longer?" his coworker asked as they made their way through the restroom door. Kira felt twinges of pain in his kidneys.

"Oohh g-god, no! I c-c-can't!" Kira yelped, the sight of impending relief causing his bladder to lurch and throb. He gritted his teeth and whimpered pathetically, than froze as he felt a pair of hands undoing his pants, and soon enough, fingers pinching his tip tightly as it dribbled. His coworker was holding his manhood to aid him! Kira's face flushed.

"I uh...I can stop if this is uncomfortable..." His coworker gulped, seeming to be shaken up by his own actions.

"Shit, I don't care! J-just...The urinal, please...Please, please take me there...It hurts so bad!" Tears trailed down Kira's cheeks, and without another word, he found himself being positioned in front of the urinal before finally letting go, the liquid urgently hitting the porcelain and splattering back his way. He failed to bite back a moan as the sensations of relief filled his body. His coworker, who had turned away, washed his hands in silence, wondering why this was arousing him. This wouldn't last long however, as Kira's nails began to grow unbearably long and the urge to kill was not an easy thing to suppress.

*004*2022-05-08 18:36

Extension:

(Hand fetish stuff)

Attachment was something of a rare emotion for Yoshikage to feel. It wasn't that he was unable to form such bonds, but rather that he avoided them. The thing was, he didn't care for attachment. It would only serve to get in the way of the ideal life he was living. His countless discarded girlfriends, strangers erased at his convenience, and lack of platonic companions were a result of such a lifestyle and attitude. This time, however, Kira paused. He though about it for a moment. This man, his coworker, had seen his suffering and helped him.

This pain had lain a hand on one of his most intimate places. Nobody had ever treated him in such a way. Such a selfless and tender care. Almost like that of a lover. Kira shuddered as an unusual sensation began taking ahold of him. A tightness in his chest. He zipped his pants and did his best to tuck away the erection, his nails painfully growing even more. Nobody else was here. No matter what he did in here, nobody would find out. He could kill this man with ease, so why was he hesitating.

"Are...you alright?" his coworker timidly turned to face Kira, who was still awkwardly standing in front of the urinal. Kira gulped. In this moment he became aware of several things at once. The sore pain in his organs, the way he couldn't read the mans emotions and, most alarmingly, the realization that he didn't want to kill this man. The thought crossed his mind once more. no matter what he did in here, nobody would find out...

"It hurts..." He found himself muttering, "I'm sorry...I've made such a fool of myself today."

"no, no, it's fine...I should be the one saying sorry. I...I was behaving inappropriately and...I didn't even..." the man sighed into his hands, "I'm sorry, Mr. Kira..."

"Your hands are really soft, you know...and," Kira took a breath, "I've always had a thing for hands. Typically, I'd prefer that of a female, but yours are quite something, I must admit," He looked into the mans eyes and sees him look away.

"Oh...That's...n-nice," the mans face flushes, "You uh...wanna hold them?" he extends his arms. Kira grabs ahold of one of them and slips the fingers into his mouth, moaning at the warmth of them. The fingers twitch and tremble against his tongue as the man whimpers, "Mr. Kira...I like this...I do wanna keep doing this, but I kind of need to pee too, now, and-" he was interrupted when Kira pulled the fingers from his mouth and pressed their lips together. falling to the ground, Kira pulled the man on top of him.

"Would you please use those pretty hands of yours to rub my sides? They really hurt~" Kira fake pouted, but the request was genuine.

"O-ok...here. I hope this can ease the pain a little." The man reached under Kira's shirt and began caress his sides in tender circular motions, prompting the blonde to sigh. Kira slowly introduced the grinding of his hips against the others to the rhythmic motions of his touch. The two groaned, heat building between them, "Kira, wait...I just"

"Quiet...I know," Kira grabbed the mans ass, increasing his pace, "I want you do do it right here..."

"But, your clothes-"

"I don't care...please...And get my face, too," Kira bit his lip, loosing himself in the moment. The man nodded and freed himself from his pants.

"I'm gonna have to stand up...Kneel for me." He said as he got to his feet.

"Yes, sir~" Kira complied, grinning. The man pulled Kira forward and pushed himself into his mouth, beginning to thrust.

"You're- ung- g-gonna have to work for what you want, Mr. Kira!" He moaned. Kira smiled, and soon enough, the man was close, his body tensing. He pulled out of Kira's mouth and painted his face white with a shuddering sigh. This, however, was soon washed away with the hot stream of urine. the fluid poured and splashed along Kiras face, dampening his hair and soaking into his clothing.

"Fuck...this is so good..." Kira closed his eyes and let it happen, getting quite close as well. Just after his climax, Kira realized what he was doing and panicked. In an instant, he sputtered regretful apologies, his stomach churning with anxiety and shame. Killer queen took care of the rest...

{{On 4/26/2022 at 5:42 PM, eucoloco said:

I love this. This can have chapters

}}

{{2 hours ago, YouDon&#x27;tSeeMe said:

I really love concepts like this. Turning "bloodlust" into a pun is always a 10/10. I sincerely hope that there is more and I'm very excited to see where you take this.

}}

Made an extension! UvU

