Awkward Favors - an Owl House Desperation Story

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2023-10-04 13:36

A/N: First week of Owltober. This story takes place during the time skip at the end of the series. In this story, Hunter and Willow have not officially gotten together, but they have started spending a lot of time together.

###

Hunter leaned against the wall outside the Flier Derby arena. He nervously tapped his fingers against the large lemonade cup in his hands. The ice clattered within the empty container.

He shivered as a light breeze pushed the chilling night air against his skin.

A small bluebird landed on Hunter’s shoulder. Pancake nudged his cheek and chirped.

“I know.” Hunter responded, “I just… worry about her. I want to make sure she’s ok. And I want to, you know…” He looked down, his cheeks turning a light pink, “Be there for her.”

Hunter had come out to the flier derby to support his friend, Willow, and her team. During the match, she took a pretty rough tumble off her staff and was escorted off the field. She sat out the rest of the game. Thankfully, her team still managed to win.

After a little more waiting, the arena door opened and Willow walked out, accompanied by someone in Healing Coven attire.

Her right arm was wrapped up and held against her chest in a sling. Aside from a couple scrapes and bruises, Willow looked like she was in good shape.

She had changed into her tank top and shorts and was carrying her duffel bag in her left hand.

Hunter immediately ran up to her.

“Willow! Are you alright?”

Willow smiled at his concern, “Well, I have to wear this for a couple days.” She said, waving her right arm in its sling. “But they think I should be healed up before our next match.”

“That’s good.” Hunter sighed, “Do you need anything?”

Willow giggled, “I’ll be fine. This kind of thing comes with the sport.”

“Alright…” Hunter said, his worries not at ease. “Do you at least want some help with your bag?”

“That’d be nice, thank you.”

Willow handed Hunter her duffel bag. He nearly fell over as the full weight dropped into his arms. He wasn’t sure what she was carrying, but it was almost as heavy as Hunter’s old guard equipment. Hunter shifted the bag onto his shoulder.

“So do you have someone coming to pick you up?” Hunter asked.

“No. My dads are out of town for work.”

Willow rubbed her shoulder. “My plan was to ride on Clover, but I’m not sure I can fly like this.”

“That’s ok. I could walk you home.” Hunter offered. He gasped as the words left his lips. Sure, he was happy to spend more time with Willow, but was that too forward?

“That sounds nice.” Willow answered. Hunter thought he saw a little pink in her cheeks. Was that just the cold?

Hunter tossed his empty cup in the trash as they left the arena.

At first, everything seemed normal. The two witches walked at a casual pace as they talked about the match, the season, training, and generally how their lives had been going. As time went on, Willow became less talkative and began slowing down. Hunter just figured she was tired.

That was, until Willow stopped and leaned against a lamppost. She stifled a pained grunt and rubbed her right thigh over her left.

“Are you ok?” Hunter asked, gently placing a hand on her good shoulder.

“Yeah…” Willow answered, shakily, “Just… wish I had gone to the bathroom back at the arena.” She chuckled awkwardly.

“Oh.” Hunter pulled his hand back and looked around. There were still a few restaurants and shady shops open nearby. “Do you… want to stop somewhere?”

“Unf.” Willow groaned. “No, no. It’s not that bad. I can make it home.”

She took a deep breath and straightened up, adjusting her clothes.

“Besides, there’s nowhere open this late that won’t make you pay to get in.”

Willow took off walking, her gait much faster than before.

Hunter didn’t have any time to respond. He dashed after her to catch up and tried to match Willow’s pace.

Hunter shivered as he ran. Now that she mentioned it, Hunter also needed to go. He had drunk a large lemonade back at the arena. He was so worried about Willow after the match that he didn’t even think about stopping by a bathroom.

He didn’t say anything. Willow was probably in worse condition. Still, he really hoped the rest of the journey wouldn’t take too long.

The next several minutes were spent in relative silence. Both witches were more focused on fighting against their internal pressure than talking with each other.

As they left the lights and noise of downtown Bonesborough and entered the residential area, Hunter looked over at Willow. She was leaning forward and walking a little crooked. Her left hand kept fidgeting with the hem of her shorts.

Hunter rubbed a hand over his abdomen. This display didn’t make his own struggle any easier.

He tried to calculate the remaining time in his head. Under normal circumstances, they were probably about 5 minutes away from Willow’s house, but given how fast they were walking…

Hunter’s train of thought was interrupted as Willow came to a sudden stop and dropped to one knee.

“Eep!” She squeaked. Willow thrust her left hand between her legs and swayed anxiously from side to side.

Hunter sprang to her side.

“What’s wrong?”

“Um…” Willow blushed, “I think a little bit came out…”

Hunter shivered at the thought. He subtly pressed a hand against his crotch to fight back a sympathetic urge.

“Do you want to duck into an alleyway?” He asked. “I can stand guard. You know I won’t tell anyone.”

“No, no… not this time.” Willow muttered. “I think I just… need a second.”

Willow took a few slow, deep breaths before standing up. She didn’t remove her hand from its place.

“Ok. I think I’m good. We’ve only got a few blocks to go. I think I can make it.”

Willow started walking again. Hunter nervously bounced in place to fortify himself before joining her.

The Park residence wasn’t much further, but the trip there took much longer than usual since the duo had to stop every few blocks to prevent any unfortunate accidents.

Finally, they were standing at the front door of Willow’s house. Hunter had to shift from foot to foot as he waited for her to open it.

“My keys are in my bag.” Willow explained. “Can you open it for me?”

Hunter held Willow’s duffel bag out and unzipped it. He tried to hold it steady, but he couldn’t stop wiggling.

Willow looked at the bag for a second, contemplating something. She took her hand from between her legs and began to reach out.

Almost immediately, Willow groaned and shoved her hand back into her crotch.

“Clover?” She asked. The large bee palisman crawled onto Willow’s shoulder and buzzed. “Could you get my keys?”

Clover nodded and floated from her shoulder into the bag.

Willow rested her forehead against the door as they waited. Hunter could hear her groaning and muttering under her breath. He couldn’t help but notice the goosebumps on her shoulders and sweat on her forehead.

After a few seconds, Clover emerged from the bag with a key held between her front legs. She hovered in front of Willow who held out her hand. Clover dropped the key into Willow’s palm.

Willow struggled to get the key into the lock with unsteady hands. On the third try, she was able to line it up and unlock the door.

Willow frantically threw open the door. She tossed her keys back into the open bag and rushed inside.

“Just set my bag down on the couch, I’ll be back in a minute!” Willow shouted as she disappeared into the dark hallway.

Hunter walked in and gently shut the door, locking it behind him. The whole house was dark.

Hunter turned on the living room lights and shuffled over to the couch. He let Willow’s bag drop with a crash. It was a relief to have that weight off his shoulder. Now, if only he could relieve another burden…

Hunter crossed his legs as he looked around the room. He assured himself that it wouldn’t be much longer. He could use the bathroom as soon as Willow was done. Just a few more minutes…

“Hey… Hunter?” Willow’s voice called from down the hallway.

“Yeah?”

“Can I ask a… really awkward favor?”

Hunter hesitated. What could that mean?

“Ok?” He answered.

“Can you come here?”

Hunter’s ears perked up. He could feel himself blushing.

Hunter followed Willow’s voice down the hallway until he came to a closed door.

“Did you mean…” Hunter paused, “In the bathroom?” His voice cracked.

“...Yes…” Willow answered quietly.

Hunter nervously turned the doorknob and slowly opened the door, cautiously peeking inside.

Inside, he saw Willow, standing in front of the toilet, facing him. She was still fully clothed and practically doubled over with her good hand tightly grabbing the front of her shorts.

The sight of the toilet sent a shiver through Hunter's body. A small leak escaped into his underwear. He tried to ignore that.

“What’s going on?” Hunter asked.

“I can’t get this drawstring undone with only one arm…” Willow explained, urgently, “Can you help me? Please!”

“Uh…” Hunter’s voice caught in his throat. “Ok.”

Hunter knelt down in front of Willow. This position put a huge strain on his already overfilled bladder. He bit his tongue to keep from making any noise.

Hunter grabbed the string on the front of Willow’s shorts, observing the knot. He pulled it closer to get a better look.

“Aah!” Willow screamed. She pulled back. Hunter could see a drop of moisture running down her thigh.

“Don’t pull it!” She shouted.

“Sorry…”

Hunter leaned in closer and tried to work more carefully. He tried to ignore the fact that he could feel the heat radiating off Willow’s body, and that there was a wet spot on her shorts the size of his palm. He also tried to ignore the screams from his own bladder.

After a few seconds, Hunter managed to work a fingernail under the string and loosen the knot. He pulled it apart and the drawstring fell aside, freeing Willow from her prison.

“O-ok… you’re good to go.” Hunter said shakily. He started to stand up.

“Wait!” Willow yelled. "Can you… help me get my shorts down?” Her voice trailed off until the last words were barely a whisper.

Hunter nearly choked on his own breath.

“Are you sure?”

“Please! I don’t think I can get them down fast enough.”

Hunter swallowed hard. He hovered his hands over Willow’s hips.

“Ready?”

“Hurry!”

Willow pulled her hand from between her legs. Hunter took a deep breath and grabbed the waistband of Willow’s shorts. He closed his eyes and bowed his head to the floor.

Then, he pulled.

Hunter opened his eyes just enough to see Willow’s shorts and panties hit the floor. He quickly turned around and stood up, intending to give her some privacy.

Before Hunter could even take a step toward the door, the room filled with a loud hissing noise. This was accompanied by a splashing sound reminiscent of someone filling a bucket with a hose on full blast.

“Haaahhh.” Willow let out a relaxed sigh. It was like music to Hunter’s ears.

Or, it would have been.

Now that Willow was all set, Hunter’s own problem hit him like a brick to the gut. He was absolutely bursting, and the roaring waterfall echoing through the room didn’t help.

He could feel a stream of pee dampening his boxers. This wasn’t a little leak like the last one, this was a full stream!

Hunter leaned over and threw both hands onto the front of his pants, clamping down on his shaft to stem the flow.

He managed to stop it for now, but he could feel the stinging sensation as the rest was fighting to get out. Hunter was on the verge of an accident.

“Hunter? Are you alright?” Willow asked.

The sound of her voice made him jump. He felt a leak begin to run down his leg.

Willow’s deluge hadn’t slowed down at all. Hunter couldn’t afford to wait for her to finish.

“W-Willow?” He began. “Can I ask a… really awkward favor?”

“What is it?”

“Can I… use your sink?”

“What? What do you…" Willow paused, then seemed to understand. "Oooh!”

“Please!”

“Yeah… go ahead. Do what you need to.”

“Thank you!” Hunter shouted.

Hunter whipped around and took a few steps over to the sink, being careful not to look at Willow.

He undid the button on his jeans and lowered the zipper. As soon as his hands left his crotch, he lost all control.

Hunter pulled down his boxer just enough that he could pull out his member. Pee sprayed wildly over the counter while he fought to aim his stream into the drain at the bottom of the sink.

“Whew…” Hunter sighed. He relaxed his shoulders and leaned back, letting the pleasure of relief wash over him. Goosebumps covered his skin as all the pressure began to drain out of him.

Hunter shivered, accidentally spraying more drops over the countertop.

As the initial wave of relief passed, Hunter was pulled back to reality.

He opened his eyes and saw his own blushing face in the mirror. He glimpsed Willow out of the corner of his eye. Immediately, Hunter turned his head and stared at the opposite wall.

For the next minute, neither witch said a word. The room was overtaken by the intense splashing of two raging floods, one crashing into water, the other drumming against bare porcelain.

Gradually, those sounds faded.

Surprisingly, Hunter’s stream died down first. He leaned forward to make sure everything remained in the sink as it arced closer to his body. He awkwardly shook off the last few drops and pulled his pants back up, shuddering as his damp underwear squished against his skin.

Soon after, the tinkling sound in the toilet quieted down. Willow forced out a few more remaining spurts before wiping herself clean. She groaned as she pulled her shorts back up.

The two avoided eye contact as they washed their hands in the soiled sink.

Hunter looked over the puddles covering the counter. He took a deep breath.

“I’m sorry ab-”

“Thank you.” Willow interrupted.

“What?”

“I didn’t realize it was that bad. Thanks for helping me first.”

“I… uh…” Hunter was stunned.

She nudged him with her shoulder, “You didn’t need to.”

A small smile formed on Hunter’s face.

“Don’t mention it. You needed it more than me.”

Willow walked over to a cabinet and pulled out some towels. She handed one to Hunter, then took another and started scrubbing the counter.

“No!” Hunter shouted, grabbing the towel, “Let me handle that. It’s my mess, I’ll clean it up.”

Willow chuckled, “Alright.”

Before leaving, Willow wrapped her good arm around Hunter’s waist and squeezed.

“Would it be weird to say your relieved face is kind of cute?”

Hunter’s face turned completely red.

“What?!”

He turned to face Willow, but she was already walking away.

After cleaning up in the bathroom, Hunter walked out to the living room.

Willow was sitting on the couch in her pajamas. She had a cup of tea in front of her. Another empty cup sat on the table across from her.

“Hey, so, I don’t think I have any clothes that will fit you, but if you want to do some laundry…” She offered.

“Uh…” Hunter hesitated. He looked down and suddenly became very conscious of the massive stain running halfway down his right leg. He would love to get changed, but if he didn’t have any spare clothes, that would mean…

“No!” Hunter’s voice cracked. He cleared his throat before continuing. “I mean, uh… I’ll be fine. My clothes aren’t too bad. But I should probably get home.”

“Oh…” Willow responded, looking down into her tea cup. “Ok. Well, thanks for helping me get home. It was really nice.”

“Of course.” Hunter smiled.

“You know, I’m supposed to follow up with the Healing Coven tomorrow afternoon. They’ll probably tell me to rest more. Maybe we could… meet up?”

Hunter’s eyes widened.

“Yeah… Yeah that sounds nice.”

Willow got up and pulled Hunter into a hug. He hugged her back.

“Well, we should both probably shower…” Willow said with a smirk, “See you tomorrow?”

“Yeah… see you then.”

Hunter walked out the door with a goofy grin plastered across his face.

Pancake landed on his shoulder and chirped a few times.

“Wait, really? You think she likes me?”

