The Family Habit

Author: knockonthedoor

*000*2022-09-09 01:28

A/N: As many of you may recall, I was a big fan of a story on this site called "Told To." It was a well-written story about a girl who was told that it was ok to have accidents. The story eventually took some turns and twists that kept it fresh, however, I couldn't get the original concept out of my head. I wanted to try my own hand at a similar idea, without taking the same directions that the now lost user "Peehour" did. I asked via DM if this was ok with them, but they removed their account before I received a response. Because the concept here is similar, let me know if you feel ok with me posting this and continuing it. My other work will return shortly as well.

The Fish out of Water

Camping. Camping wasn’t the first thing that crossed Bailey’s mind when she asked to tag along on the family trip this year. Then again, what did she expect? She asked herself this rhetorical question as she watched the hills roll by her mother’s SUV. Her face was warm from resting her hand on her cheek, and the summer sun beat through the windows.

Turning away from the window, she looked at her sister beside her. She was crinkling the aluminum can of an energy drink as she finished her second can.

“What?”

“Nothing.” Bailey smiled, envious of her sister’s straight hair

“She’s probably making fun of your nose ring.”

“Mom! I’m eighteen now. Besides…” There was a pause, a quieting of tone “You said I could get it.”

Bailey kept her smile, now at her sisters embarrassment “No, I’m just kind of jealous of your hair.”

“Cuz mine’s straight?”

“No, your bangs. I like the blonde highlights.”

Bailey’s sister smiled brightly “Aw, thanks B!”

“At least you two are playing nice.”

“I’m over that high school shit!”

Their mother gasped “Rebecca!”

Bailey jumped in “I’m over that high school shit too!”

The two black-haired sisters looked at each other and giggled. Their mother shook her head, her smile giving away her good mood.

“So. How does it feel to graduate finally Becca?” Bailey asked

Rebecca shrugged “Dunno. Happy its over I guess. How’d you feel?”

Bailey shrugged back, joking with her sister as she said “Dunno. Happy it was over I guess.” She followed it up with a laugh “It was like four years ago, how should I remember?”

“’Like’ four years ago? It was four years ago stupid!”

“Rebecca, don’t talk to your sister that way!”

“It’s fine mom! We can’t all graduate with a 2.6 GPA.” Bailey smiled devilishly at her sister

Rebecca folded her arms “Well, I would have done better if you’d been there to help me sis!”

Bailey backed off, sensing her sister was offended. She offered a response

“Doesn’t matter anymore. You made it!” Bailey praised her sister, who gave a slight smirk.

As the conversation lulled, Bailey leaned back towards the window, watching the picturesque pastoral imagery fly by. She put her earbuds back in, resuming her music. If it was going to be a long ride, she’d at least enjoy it. And she even had her favorite tea to keep her company.

###

A poke against Bailey’s arm startled her out of her trance. It was her sister, who seemed to be rather aimless in her bothering of Bailey.

“What?” Bailey pulled her arm away

“I’m bored. And I have to pee. What are you drinking?”

“Iced tea.” Smiling, and expecting her sister to say no, Bailey offered “You want some?” She smiled a mischievous smile as she rattled the ice in the silver thermos.

“Sure!” Rebecca snatched the thermos from her sisters hand and took a long gulp from the metal straw

“Becca!” Bailey snatched her thermos back “I thought you said you had to pee?”

“I do.” Rebecca smacked her lips “Good stuff.”

“And you had the energy drinks?” Bailey was surprised

“Yup!” Rebecca nodded seemingly unfazed

Feeling her own slight need even as she had plenty of tea left, Bailey was confused at her sisters callousness. Their conversation hadn’t been all that quiet, and their mother chimed in from the driver’s seat.

“Do you girls need to pee?”

Bailey was taken aback at the directness of their mother’s question. Even more surprising however, was her sisters response

“Yeah, I had those two energy drinks…and I’ve been waiting awhile now.”

“Ugh. Tell me about it. I had that iced coffee, and a water. I’ve been waiting a long time too, girls.”

Bailey was shocked at how open the two were. She tried to brush it off as just the fact that her Mother and Sister had probably gotten close while she was away at school. The conversation returned to some normalcy as the sisters mother asked Rebecca to look up the closest rest area.

“Aren’t we about to go up that mountain?” The large land mass loomed in the distance, towering over the winding road.

“Yeah, why?” Their mother asked

“Might not be any area’s to stop.”

“We’ll be ok.”

“Oh. Never mind.” Rebecca almost sounded disappointed. “There’s one at the bottom of the mountain, phone says just 12 miles from here.”

“Ok then. We’ll wait.”

Bailey thought that was the end of it until their mother picked up her used plastic cup. The one that once housed her iced coffee.

“Unless you two want or need to share this?”

Bailey’s eyebrows furrowed, partly in surprise, partly in revolution. She looked to her sister for confirmation, to ensure she was right in her reaction. She wasn’t expecting her sister to mouth a question

Do you want to?

No! Bailey mouthed back, shocked.

“Bailey wants to wait.” Rebecca announced

“That’s fine. But we’re in the car, we’ll wait until we get to the rest area, alright Rebecca?”

Bailey’s sister sighed. “Fine.”

Bailey sat in silence for a moment. She twisted her curly black hair. She rubbed her eyes. Maybe she was dreaming. The kind of dream she sometimes mistook for reality. But when she focused again, she saw her sister, her hands now brazenly over the crotch of her jeans, staring out the window.

What an odd conversation

She had no idea what was about to be in store.

###

The conversation played again and again in Bailey’s mind as the SUV smoothly drove along the two-lane road. The pretty meadows and large trees no longer lulled her into a sense of tranquility. Instead, the entire dynamic between her Sister and her Mother intrigued her. Why were they so brazenly talking about their needs? Why were they completely unfazed at the prospect of whether or not they’d find a restroom? Of the handful of times Bailey had been desperate for a toilet in her life, she’d never been so unafraid. She’d certainly never talk like that to her Mother.

Maybe they have just grown close. Maybe I’m the odd one. Bailey shook her head. No. No, that was different.

Bailey picked at some lint on her maroon leggings. She looked over to her sister, who had one leg bouncing at this point, her hands still resting on her crotch.

“Becca, it’s the middle of summer. Why are you in jeans?”

“Why are you in leggings?”

“Because the A.C makes my legs cold in here.”

Rebecca gave her a look. A look that gave the same reasoning. She added

“Plus they look…” She stopped herself

Bailey was confused

“They look what?”

“Hmm…Oh…nothing.”

Bailey recoiled back into her seat as her sister looked out of the window. What is going on here?

It wasn’t too much longer before the family spotted a big blue road-sign. Public Rest Area. Next stop 47 miles.

Without so much as a word, the SUV turned onto the gravel side stop. A few other cars, most with bike racks or other camping equipment attached, littered the parking lot. Few people were actually there, and those that were, were spread thin.

“Bailey?” Her Mom didn’t wait for a response “Honey, can you check the bathrooms here? Make sure they’re clean? I want to talk about something with your sister.”

“Yeah, sure…” As Bailey opened the door and began to climb out of the car, she thought of the question she was just asked “I’m still not going to pee in a cup if they’re that bad though.”

Her Mother turned, and as she responded, Bailey observed her placing the heel of her hand into the crotch of her olive green khaki shorts.

“Bailey, sweetie, you’re not the only one who could really use a break right now. And I’d rather not pee in a disgusting bathroom if I don’t have to. And neither does your sister.”

Shrugging the request off, Bailey shut the door to let the two of them talk and made her way to the public bathrooms.

The long grass that surrounded the narrow main road was peaceful. Dotted with different flowers, and when a car wasn’t passing by, the sounds of insects and birds rang like a melody through the rest area. This peaceable moment was quickly dashed when Bailey approached the small wooden bathroom.

The smell of stale piss that had been cooked in the summer sun mixed with the odor of countless other hikers and campers alike blitzed through Bailey’s nose and invaded her senses. Gagging, she turned away from the small structure. Coughing and gasping for air, she turned back towards the SUV.

From her view, Bailey could see her Mother and sister talking about something. What it was, she couldn’t make out. The two women looked so dissimilar, it was hard to tell that they were mother and daughter. The shortest of the family, Rebecca was also the thinnest. Her blue tank top blended well with her light, acid washed jeans. She had certainly grown in the time Bailey had seen her. Despite this, it their mother was who Bailey had noticed the most change in.

While her hips were wider than her daughters from baring the two of them, she had dropped much of the weight that she used to carry. The stress of being a mother had kept her overweight, but now, finally, she had turned herself into a much healthier woman. Her white t-shirt was tucked into her lose fitting shorts. With a round face and shoulder length hair, she had the appearance of a woman who was in control. She was the first to break her conversation with Rebecca and ask Bailey about the situation.

“How are they?”

“Awful. They smell really bad.”

“Ew! Gross!” Rebecca chimed in. “I’m just gonna pee in my jeans.”

The crassness and social moray of her sisters statement forced a chuckle and snort out of Bailey. Her sister didn’t always joke around like this. Or at least, Bailey thought it was a joke until her mother responded

“Yeah I agree. You need cover sweetie, or are you just going to go now?”

“I think I’d like some cover.”

“Aright. Bailey, can you get a towel out of the trunk and give your sister some cover? She can’t hold it anymore.”

Bailey’s jaw dropped. Her mother folded her arms just underneath her larger breasts and stared at the ground, seemingly in thought. Concentrating.

“I’m doing it on purpose Mom! I could hold it, I just…”

“I’m going on purpose too Rebecca.” Their mom interrupted “It’s ok to admit that you can’t hold it either.”

Bailey felt as if she had fallen into another world. Maybe this was some sort of elaborate prank. Maybe they were just joking with her. A prank to see if she’d do it too. She looked her mother in the eye, wondering if she was going to laugh. To tell her that she was still so gullible. Instead, Bailey couldn’t believe her eyes. Her voice barely audible, a high pitched whisper.

“Mom!” She gasped “you’re peeing!”

A visual confirmation of Bailey’s observation began to appear on her mother’s loose shorts. The olive color darkening to a nearly black shade.

Her mother replied “I told you.” She held up her fingers; listing “I had the iced coffee, and the water. I really had to go.”

Baileys jaw dropped as the same dark stain that had begun to draw itself on the crotch of her mother’s shorts expanded towards her thigh in a quickly widening stain.

Darting down one leg, the quickly expanding stain overran the cuff of her shorts and they began to drip. Baileys mother spoke again as clear urine began to fall freely from her now glistening shorts.

“Bailey, dear. Please help your sister, and stop staring at me.” Her voice was calm and soothing.

As if puppeted by an unseen force, Bailey complied, the shock of seeing her mother so brazenly wet her pants still searing into her mind. The trunk was open. All she did was turn around and grab a multicolored beach towel.

But the sound of multiple streams and drips of clear pee splattering and spraying out of her mother’s shorts was still audible. The gravel and rock under her was changing color as it accepted her accident. A circle developed as random rivulets and arcs of hot pee splattered and smacked the ground. Slower moving beads of piss followed the impressive force, sliding down her mother’s larger, light-skinned thighs.

“Uh, sis? A little help?” Rebecca motioned for the towel, her jean-clad legs now crossed over each other.

Bailey tried to get the reality of the situation out of her mind. In a daze she wondered over to her sister, trying to block out the fact that she could hear her mother enjoying the scenery. And pissing her pants.

As soon as Bailey opened the towel to block the view of her sister from the main road, her sibling widened her stance, her legs now spread. She bent forward slightly and put her hands on her knees. Looking up at her sister, Rebecca’s mouth opened in relief as her jeans began to sport a small spot. It was dark. A magnificent contrast to her light jeans. She closed her eyes as a loud hiss began to emanate from her.

Rebecca’s stain took a much different form from her mothers. Instead of initially pooling at the crotch, then splattering through the heavy fabric, her forceful, hissing accident spread quickly down her stretched legs. Gravity had a better hold on her streaming pee and it pulled her hot urine quickly down the backs of her legs. Closing her eyes, she exhaled in relief and pleasure. Her eyes still closed, with piss running down her legs and now pooling on the ground and in her sneakers, she asked

“Hey B, you haven’t gone this whole time. You must need to go too.”

“I-I…I’m fine.”

“No you’re not!” Rebecca opened her eyes, still peeing and gave a smile as she looked at her sister. “I can tell when you’re lying!”

Rebecca was right, Bailey did need to go. But it wasn’t urgent, and certainly not enough to follow her sister or her Mother’s lead. She heard squishing footsteps behind her, her Mother was walking towards them. Turning her head, Bailey noticed her Mother. Her legs glistened, with rogue drips of piss falling of her legs as she moved. Her shorts now sported a full and very obvious pee stain. The inseam of both her thighs, plus the crotch, almost up to her shirt, was circled by a wide dark patch. She commented on Rebecca’s decision first

“Wow! Honey, I didn’t know you were waiting that long! Look at that puddle.”

Rebecca pointed, taking her hand off her knees.

“Well look at yours! How long were you holding it?”

“Too long. Bailey?” She turned to her other daughter “Are you going to have an accident too?”

Bailey shook her head. “N….no.”

Rebecca shook the last drops of pee off her jeans “It feels good sis! It’s not gross or anything.”

“I-I couldn’t…”

“Sure you could! I show you-“

“Rebecca.” Their Mother spoke sternly. “She said she doesn’t need to have one, she doesn’t have to. But just so she knows, I’m not stopping the car again until we get there.”

Rebecca shrugged and grabbed the towel from Bailey, who provided no resistance. As she waked back towards the car, her shoes squished and squeaked.

“And you even get these cool sound effe-“

“Rebecca, she said no.” Their mother was getting another towel out of the back of the SUV.

Rebecca climbed back into the car, this time, with a towel. Bailey, still not believing what had happened, turned towards the SUV. She got a good look at her mother’s shorts from the back. Stained from the center of her shorts, up and around her butt, and down the backs of both legs, her act was not desecrate. She closed the trunk

“C’mon. We can get there before sundown if we hurry.”

Bailey stood still for a moment. She looked to the puddle her sister left. Then to her mothers. She thought of her own bladder as her need became more apparent. Just what had she missed while she was away?

*002*2022-09-09 05:20

Just to be clear, I meant posting and continuing this story, not “Told To”. Though that work is a good one

*016*2023-03-28 23:30

A/N: Alright, I've guess you have all waited long enough. Here's chapter 2. It won't take this long for 3, but I doubt it will be a consistent pace as well. On a side note, there is desperation in this chapter, but I don't plan on it being a huge part or commonplace in the overall story. Just not a theme I want to get into.

Her Sisters Words

Rebecca’s towel felt moist. A symptom of her drying jeans, the absorbent towel had done a great job at whisking away the wet urine from her legs. Her jeans still struck to her though. Not that Rebecca really cared. In its own way, the damp denim was a comfort.

Just wish it wasn’t so cold now.

Aside from the shifting tree line and massive rock ledges on her window, there wasn’t much to look at. The car was mostly hidden from the sun as they rode under a canopy of trees. Rebecca looked over to her sister, who sat beside her. Bailey was nearly catatonic as she stared straight ahead without saying a word. She was the only one in the car that still had on dry pants, and as a consequence, was the only one that still had to pee.

“Hey that tree looks like George Washington.” Rebecca tried to cut through the tension

Bailey looked over, said nothing, and looked back out the window.

“Rebecca, honey.” From her drivers seat, the sister’s mother turned towards her. “Why don’t you get some sleep or something? We’re still more than an hour away.”

Rebecca couldn’t help but observe the damp damage on her mother’s olive green shorts. They both had made the same decision, to use their pants instead of a toilet, and Rebecca reveled in it.

“Fine. Not like she’s gonna say anything anyway.” Rebecca turned towards her window, comfortable in her moist jeans.

She popped her earphones in, and ignored the world for a while.

Her sister Bailey was in a much worse predicament. She had to pee. And it wasn’t getting any better. She looked out the window. Nothing but a steady drop off. They were going up the mountains, and while she enjoyed the view, she had a growing demand within herself to ask their mom if they could pull over. The other part of her never wanted to speak to these people again. Bailey looked over at her sisters legs, her jeans still sporting a fading stain. Her mind tried to rationalize what she had seen.

Maybe you’re not giving them enough leeway. It was an open field, and its not like the bathroom was all that clean. Where else would they have gone?

Bailey started to wonder if maybe she was the strange one. They did offer her the same act. Maybe they both knew that they weren’t going to make it anyway. Bailey clenched her fist as a wave of desperation came over her.

“Mom?”

“Hmm?”

“How much further?”

“Not sure. Hour. Hour and a half maybe. Why?”

“Just curious…” Hour and a Half! I’m not sure I can wait that long!

There was a slight pause. The car took a turn around a sharp bend. Her mother asked

“It’s because you have to pee still, isn’t it?”

“I-I…” Bailey wasn’t sure how to process the direct question

“Bailey, you’re 22.” Her mother said emphatically

“I-“

“You should know better than to put things like this off.” Maternal energy flowed through her mothers voice “I understand the bathroom was a mess, and I agree with not using it. But sweetie, just because a bathroom isn’t available, doesn’t mean you have to hold it in.”

“But you guys wet yourselves!”

“And?”

“Isn’t that…gross?”

“I don’t think so.”

“Why?”

“Honey, that’s not the point of this conversation.” Her mother sighed “Listen. I normally don’t allow this, but I’d rather not have you suffer. Ask your sister for her towel, and put it under yourself.”

She paused, her next line more of a command than a suggestion “Then go in your pants.”

“Mom! I can’t just do that!” Bailey looked over at her sister, still in her wet jeans “Besides…I think she fell asleep…”

“Well, I don’t know what to tell you then. You’re just going to have to hold it.”

“Can’t you just stop? I can just go outside.”

“Where? On the side of a cliff? There’s no room. Besides, I want to get there before sundown. I’m not unpacking in the dark.”

They were quiet for a moment. Bailey’s mother insisted

“Sweetie, its not as bad as you think. Rebecca would be ok with you taking her towel. We had to wet our pants too.”

“No.” Bailey was adamant “I...I’ll just hold it!”

“Fine.” Her mother sounded disappointed at the rejection “But if you end up peeing yourself on the seat, you’re paying for it.”

“I’ll be fine”

Her mother didn’t reply. Turning back to her window and shuffling in her seat, Bailey began to play with her curly hair. She could feel her abdomen start to swell with her filling bladder. Crossing her legs, she knew she’d be in for a desperate battle against herself.

################

Rebecca blinked. Or so she thought. The warm sun that now filtered in through the windshield and into the backseat had warmed her face. She knew she probably fell asleep. Her legs were now freezing, despite the dampness mostly removed from her jeans. She yawned, batted her eyes, and took her headphones off. She felt groggy as she put her phone away, but suddenly, movement caught the corner of her eye.

Her sister legs jittered, bounced and shook. Her hand buried into the crotch of her leggings, the strain of holding a full bladder apparent on her face. Rebecca spoke for her sister

“Hey Mom? Can we pull over? Bailey’s really got to go.”

“No. For one, where could she go? Two, we’re less than a half hour out. She can wait.”

Their mother was right about pulling over. The narrow road would have been a dangerous proposition for any of them to simply stop. Rebecca looked over to her struggling sister, and rubbed her back. She felt clammy and sweaty to the touch. Like a fever had overcome her. The strain and sweat of holding back an entire thermos of tea apparent. Bailey lurched forward, trying to add pressure to her bladder in an effort to hang on. Rebecca kept her hand on her back.

“Bailey, sis…just go.”

Bailey looked at Rebecca, determination in her eyes

“I c-can’t…”

“Would you rather struggle? Look- I don’t care if you let it out…Mom and I do it all the time.”

Bailey kept her eyes on her sister. “A-all the time?”

Rebecca nodded, hand still on her sister’s back. “Right Mom?”

“Absolutely. Becca, I don’t want you encouraging your sister though. At least not in the car. Cleaning the seats isn’t cheap.”

“Can’t she use my towel?”

“I offered, but she wouldn’t take it. If she thinks she can hold it, she can.”

“Sorry B.” Rebecca took her hand off of her sisters back “This one’s on you. If it makes you feel any better though, I’ll hold it with you.”

Rebecca wasn’t desperate at all, but she could go if she wanted to. She had planned on letting go with the towel under her, but with her sister as desperate as she was, it didn’t feel fair.

#######################

The cold hand of fear gripped Bailey’s heart. Spanning the length of her body like a web, it felt heavy in her head. A weightless feeling in her arms. Her hands held her crotch, her swollen abdomen full of piss. Nearly every brain function was focused on preventing her bladder from relaxing. She took a breath in. Then out. Focusing on the basics, Bailey’s will was the only thing keeping her dry. Twisted and contorted against the car door, she rested her head against the window. Shaking and sweaty, she had one thought. Make it.

Rebecca studied her desperate sister. She felt the pain she must be in. Pleading, she asked their mother again

“Mom, can Bailey please just wet her pants?”

“No. She made her choice. She can hold it. Besides, the cabin is just up this hill, we’re almost there.”

“Well, you did it. We’re almost there B.” Rebecca stroked Bailey’s back. Her sisters muscles were strained and firm.

Bailey sucked hard on her lip, a squeal escaping her mouth. She could almost feel the relief of making it. A brief feeling of triumph washed over her. Followed by the cool sensation of sweat on her skin. For a brief moment she bathed in that sensation, but her desperate need to pee quickly came back.

By the time they turned onto the gravel driveway, Bailey was bent forward. Both hands buried between her legs. Every bump and jostle hurt. She was bloated, filled with desperately held piss. Still, she persisted. She took a deep breath, and as the car slowly came to a stop, she took a moment to check her surroundings. The Cabin was made of wood, a small place, it sat directly in front of them. The lake was close by. There was a small yard, and plenty of trees. Her mother broke her out of her desperate trance.

“Bailey, honey, there’s only an outhouse…”

“F-fine…that’s fine…”

Gingerly, she undid her seatbelt. Each movement was careful, calculated. She couldn’t lose. Not now.

Rebecca watched her sister intently. Every slow movement as Bailey opened the door and climbed outside of the vehicle was observed by Rebecca as she followed her sister.

As Bailey made her way around the car, she moved deliberately with each step. One foot in front of the next. Her hands did not leave the crotch of her leggings. She took a deep breath. The small wooden outhouse came into view as she rounded the car. She stopped, took a deep breath, and headed down the path. Tears nearly forming in her eyes as her tired muscles burned from exertion.

Rebecca walked behind her sister as the two journeyed along the small path to the outhouse. She stopped as her sister jammed her hands into her crotch. Her legs inverted to the point that her kneecaps nearly touched. Bailey whimpered, and slowly reached a hand out for a nearby tree. With her knees bent and twisted, and one hand in her crotch, she held it as she stood.

Bailey felt lightheaded. Holding herself, she felt her bladder weigh her down like a stone in the ocean. She was about to make another effort to move herself, when Rebecca offered one last time

“Just let go sis”

It was at that moment that Bailey felt herself lose control. Whether it was her sister’s suggestion or her own body giving way, it was over. Intellectually, Bailey realized she was going in her panties. It started quick, the initial warmth spread fast, breaking through her panties and coloring her maroon leggings black. Splashing loudly, the dirt below her began to turn to mud. In shame and shock, she covered her mouth with her both her hands, and turned towards her sister. Turning beet red, all she could hear was her pent up pee hissing out of her and spraying down her legs with a dull splash. After a few moments, she looked down again, and what she was doing hit her. Her leggings were now a deep, dark shade as wet streaks had formed down her legs where her pee had started to pool in her sneakers. Hot pee was dripping into her white socks, and dribbling out into a growing puddle below her.

Rebecca couldn’t believe her eyes. Her older sister had done it. Hot pee was splattering out of her leggings, a clear stream running out from her crotch. Her mouth agape, she watched in surprise. She could tell that Bailey was upset. Her sister reached out, almost primally, towards her. She wanted a hug. Despite the fact that Bailey still had pee running down her legs, Rebecca moved in.

“Aw, Bailey…” The two embraced tightly, the splatter of Bailey’s urine still audible

The two clutched each other as Bailey started to finish, clearly embarrassed. Rebecca didn’t care, part of her was even glad. Maybe now they could share in the sensation. Rebecca broke the embrace, but still stood close to her sister.

“Feel better?”

Bailey looked at her ruined leggings, her eyes watered as she looked at Rebecca. She shook her head.

“Look, maybe you’ll see this as insincere, because I was going to do it anyway. But…I’m going to do it too…”

@@Smiling at her sister, Rebecca cautiously peed her pants again This time, her pee stain took a much more direct angle as it shot downward re-staining her already peed jeans. A new darkened color on her thighs began to start over the faded stains of her first wetting. Eventually, it connected with the old stains on the inseams of her well-used pants. Her streaming pee warmed her chilled body as it ran down her legs. It felt like someone was spraying her lower half with a shower head. A puddle began to form and spread, her clear urine splattering, smacking and splashing the dirt along with her sisters accident. It sat as it pooled and soon her pee flowed from the cuffs of her jeans. As it ran into her socks, her toes enjoyed the runoff. A much weaker steam than her sisters, this experience died down quicker than her first release, and was over just as quickly as it had begun. She looked back up at her sister, their eyes meeting for the first time after Bailey’s accident. Rebecca spoke first

“I’m going to be doing this for the whole trip…I’d love to share the experience with you, B.”

“…why…” Was all Bailey could muster

“Because I can. Because there’s no feeling like it in the world. Because…I’m a wetter, sis, and Mom is too.”

Bailey looked at her sister’s pants, then to hers. She swallowed. Then a voice called from behind them.

“Bailey? Honey are you ok?”

Rebecca turned, revealing her sisters wet pants. The girl’s mother reacted

“Aw, sweetie, you didn’t make it?” The crotch of her olive shorts began to darken again “Well, that’s ok! Accidents are just fine around us, right Rebecca?”

“Right!”

“Right! Whether you choose to let it all out or, just can’t wait anymore!”

Unlike the girls, their mother wasn’t wearing long pants. Instead, with her shorts ending midway past her thigh, her hot pee had much more freedom to maneuver, as it snaked down her legs. She pointed to the mess she was making

“See? I’m having one right now! After a long drive like that, I just couldn’t hold it in.”

Like Rebecca, their mother’s already stained shorts were recolored with the same dark pattern as she continued to rewet them. Relaxing into her favorite feeling, it didn’t take long for her shorts to overflow and turn nearly completely dark, her slightly yellow pee sprayed through them. her stream splattered on the gravel below, turning the dry rocks dark. Two small flows escaped and made smaller drips into the puddle she was creating underneath her. Her butt dripped with pee. It had pooled in her shorts and she sighed as she soused them in hot piss. She smiled at her girls

“Now, help me unpack, and we can really start this vacation!”

*019*2023-03-30 05:59

{{ 

On 3/28/2023 at 11:50 PM, Red78 said:

More please, and hopefully soon, though I know I'm not exactly one to talk about timely updates!

}}

Don’t hold me to it, but maybe next Tuesday!

{{ 

15 hours ago, cjm3rcl1n3 said:

This chapter was even better than the 1st! Hope it's explained how the intentional wettings got started, and where else has been wet in. Keep up the good work!

}}

Chapter 5 will have what you’re looking for when it comes to explanations as to how it got started!

*020*2023-04-05 00:25

A/N: here we are, chapter 3, on time. As always, any and all feedback is not only appreciated but welcome. Please give up up to 30 days for the next post.

Giving it a shot

Bailey needed a moment to remind herself where she was. The dim morning light was hardly enough to see the room she had slept in. Next to her slept her sister, and the two of them were parked on an air mattress in front of the dresser. To Bailey’s right was a decently sized wooden bedframe. Adjusting her eyes to the light, Bailey could tell that her mother had already woken up for the day, her bed was empty.

Rolling and pushing herself off of the air mattress, Bailey kicked off the sheets and stood. Instinctively she walked towards the bathroom, towards the door just ahead, which was connected to the bedroom.

The bathroom was a small, but efficient room. The hardwood floor and rustic cabinets tied the whole place together. It was quaint and comforting. As Bailey searched for a proper shower, she couldn’t help but notice a pair of gray panties hanging on the wall mounted towel rack. They were stained in the center, dark, nearly black. Obviously a liquid had drenched them.

The items that the group had used yesterday were outside, hanging on a clothesline to dry. These panties had to have been worn today. The pair wasn’t Bailey’s, and given that her sister was still asleep, there was only one culprit. The sight reminded Bailey of what had happened the day before, a reminder that her sister and mother shared some sort of habit she had yet to understand. As far as she was concerned, her only intrigue, if any, came from the novelty of it. Not because she actually wanted to participate in it herself. Not finding a proper place to bathe, Bailey used the other door, this one connected to the living room, to start her day.

The living room and kitchen were combined in an open concept, with an island counter between the two areas. By a large window in the far corner, across a large red rug, sat a small wooden table. The girls mother was using it as a breakfast table, the crumbs of her morning meal struen all over a small plate in front of her. Clearly ready for her day, she was dressed in a comfortable looking white sweater and black leggings.

“Hey, uh, mom?”

“Oh, morning Bailey! Sleep well?”

“Fine, yeah. Where’s the shower?”

Her mother chuckled “It’s out back. Or you can use the lake. It’s meant to be rustic here.”

Bailey nodded, maybe she didn’t need to shower today anyway.

“It’s a nice morning, isn’t it?” Her mother asked, looking at the rising sun

“Very.”

While her mind was elsewhere, Bailey still appreciated the shimmering light on the lapping waves of the shore, and the trees that surrounded them. Her mother had looked for something remote, and had found it. Her mother motioned for Bailey to sit. Complying, Bailey waited before asking another question

“Mom?”

“Mmm?” She put down her cup of hot tea

“Why do you pee your pants?” Bailey asked directly

Surprised by the bluntness of the question, her mother raised her eyebrows.

“Didn’t we have this conversation yesterday?”

“You never answered my question.”

“Oh. Because I like it.”

“That much is obvious.”

“Then what’s your question?”

“Why? I just don’t get it, it's not normal.”

“What is normal?”

For that, Bailey didn’t have an answer. Anything she could come up with, she discarded. Instead, she let the conversation stop. It could have been what her mother wanted anyway. Changing the topic, Bailey’s mother asked

“Is there anything you wanted to do today?”

“Not particularly, why?”

“I was going to ask you if you and your sister wanted to go for a hike this morning.”

“If she’s up, sure.”

“If she isn’t up by ten, would you want to go with me? Just us?”

Bailey nodded. She really didn’t have anything better planned. Still waking up, Bailey went back to looking out the window, while her mother sipped her tea. The two said nothing for a while and took in the natural sights in front of them. Bailey’s mother spoke, putting her cup down.

“How did it feel?”

“What?

“You know what I mean.”

“Wh-when I?”

Bailey’s mother nodded

“Oh. Um…wet? I guess…”

“It must have been traumatizing for you, to have an accident in front of us like that.”

“Actually, if I’m being honest mom, not really.”

Her mothers eyebrows raised in surprise as she finished the rest of her tea. Locking eyes with her daughter, she coaxed more information forward. Bailey continued, her words analyzing the situation more for herself than her inquiring mother

“It really hurt. I was so uncomfortable, you know? And I think. I really think I could have made it, but…”

Bailey took a moment to rationalize her words. To pick and find the ones that could sort out the conflicted emotions within her

“I guess when Rebecca just stopped me and.” Bailey sighed “Do we have to talk about this?”

“Did it feel right?”

“I don’t know.”

“Did it feel wrong?”

Bailey shrugged “I…I don’t know. No…no. Not really.”

Her mother remained silent, letting the conversation hang. She looked down at her finished plate, the remnants of her breakfast looking back at her. Bailey seemed lost in thought, and her mother couldn’t blame her. It must have been shocking to her daughter, sure, but it was surprising in the amount of consternation it had brought. Leaving the table with her empty plate and teacup in hand, the girls mother walked back over to the kitchen counter.

“Bailey, do you want some breakfast?”

“Sure.” Bailey looked back at her. “Thanks mom.”

Mother and daughter smiled at each other. No matter their habits, they were still family.

#################

Rebecca awoke to a room bathed in light. Fluttering her eyes, she let herself get adjusted to her surroundings. Her sister was gone, her mother was gone, and she was just waking up. Part of her wanted to scold herself for being up so late into the morning, and the other part of her wanted to excuse it away as a luxury of being on vacation. As she rolled off of the air mattress that she and her sister had shared, Rebecca caught a glimpse of the clock. It was after nine. Surely the other two had left the cabin already. Sighing, Rebbecca threw off her pajama top and wiggled out of her panties.

As she got dressed, Rebecca paid little attention to fashion. Not that she intentionally misdressed, but she didn’t necessarily care about matching the perfect outfit together. No one was going to see her outside of her family, and they certainly didn’t care if she dressed plainly. Instead Rebecca put on her little jean shorts already knowing that she was going to pee them, and all she cared about was that they looked good when she did. She simply matched it with a pink tank top and walked out into the kitchen area.

To her surpise, both her mother and sister were still inside, enjoying themselves in the kitchen. Bailey was using a knife on assorted vegtables, and the girls mother was pouring beef stock into a pot. Bailey looked up, and greeted her sister.

“Look who’s up! And just in time for a walk.”

“mmmph…thanks” Rebbecca rubbed her eyes “Just what I wanted to do.”

Bailey smiled at the sarcasm and grabbed the pile of vegetables she had made with her knife, she turned to her mothers work and dumped the cut up vegetables into the pot. The action would have almost gone unnoticed by Rebecca if she didn’t catch her sister wiggling behind her mother. Instantly, Rebecca woke up. Suddenly looking forward to the family walk, she hoped her sister had started to come around to her habit.

#########

Waiting for her sister and mother to finish preparing the meal wasn’t an issue for Rebecca. She pulled her phone out of her back pocket and would occasionally look at her screen, but was distracted easily by her sister's movements. As Bailey would move between food stations, Rebecca could see her occasionally press her thighs together. At one point, their mother turned on the tap water. This elicited a long exhale from Bailey, who quickly jiggled her thighs in place.

While she was happy that her sister was seemingly starting to indulge in at least playing with her needs, Rebecca couldn’t help but feel a slight twinge of disappointment. Bailey was not nearly as desperate as she had been in the car the day before, but clearly had to go. And for the second time, Rebecca couldn’t join in. She gave a frown, then got an idea. Maybe she wasn’t desperate like her sister, but Rebecca could try and play the part.

So as quickly as her frown had come, it left. Replaced by a slight smirk, a pleasant idea. Though her need was nearly nonexistent, Rebecca had the plan to occasionally leak and spurt into her panties and small Jean shorts. The feeling and forceful nature would make sure that her body would have to recognize whatever was in her bladder from the night.

Watching Bailey's reaction to their mother running the tap water gave Rebecca a place to start. Rhythmically, she prepared herself by contracting her bladder muscles and then relaxing them. Just before she was ready, her mother interrupted.

“You girls ready to walk?”

“Yes!” Bailey answered over enthusiastically, likely due to her bladder

“Hmmm…could you get me a glass of water first?”

As her mother obliged, Bailey groaned and grabbed at the crotch of her blue athletic shorts. A loose fit, they swayed and swished as she briefly bounced in place.

Rebecca relaxed, anticipating a warm feeling in her nether region. Instead she got nothing. That was until the tap ran again. Now with the added auditory sensation, Rebecca quickly felt a quick, wet, hot spurt leak into her panties. It was faster than she had anticipated, and out of instinct, she clamped herself shut. Defiantly, her bladder forced another quick jet into her panties. While not unwelcome, Rebecca decided to wait while she gulped down her water glass. She wanted to savor it, and while she wasn’t as expressive as her sister, she was starting to feel the buzz of an agitated bladder.

As the trio stepped out into the summer sun, the first thing that hit them was the radiant warmth. It was therapeutic when paired with the happy sounds of birds, the gentle waves of the lake, and the swaying sounds of trees in the wind. The girls mother led the pack, and her two trailing daughters followed her over the driveway and towards the hill that enclosed the peaceful scene. Not only did the girls lag, but Bailey seemed to be walking slowly, measured in each step. As the group passed the clothesline, the evidence from the day before still hung from it, lightly moving in the breeze. Bailey commented on it first, much to Rebecca’s surprise

“Are those jeans even going to recover? They’re still stained.”

“Probably. But maybe they won’t, and I’m fine with that. I need something to lounge around the house and feel comfortable going in.”

“You just go in your pants? At the house?”

“What, you only thought I did it on vacation B?”

“I guess I hadn’t really thought about it. Mom doesn’t care?”

Rebecca laughed “Care? She does it more than me!”

Bailey's eyes went wide. The conversation wasn’t over but there was a break. The family had reached the base of the wooded hill, and Bailey had suddenly stopped before clenching her fist and staring straight ahead. She had a slight bend in the knee before she looked back at her sister.

Rebecca smiled and continued

“Like when mom’s working from home? I’ve seen her-“

“It’s because I’m busy.” Their mother interrupted from the front “sometimes I’m in a really good workflow or headspace and I don’t want to risk it by getting up and distracting myself with a bathroom break. So I don’t”

“Is that why you do it while cooking or cleaning?” Rebecca asked, knowing the answer

“Sure. But even to destress.”

Rebecca turned back to her sister as the troop continued to hike up the hill

“I do it because I like how it feels. In fact…”

Rebecca relaxed. She was enjoying the power and control she had over herself. Almost immediately, she felt her mind deliver her orders directly to her bladder. A moment later, she felt a pleasantly warm sensation again in her underwear. But before any evidence to show up on her incredibly small Jean shorts, she stopped it.

“I just went a little. Why don’t you try sis? Not the whole thing, just a little.”

“I…no. I can’t.”

“Becca, we’ve been over this. Your sister doest want to. She thinks we’re strange.”

“No! It’s not that!” The tone in Bailey’s voice was surprising. But it wasn’t anger, it was frustration. “I haven’t peed all morning and I’ve been trying and trying to do it here. I can’t. I just can’t!”

The statement caught both Rebecca and her mother off guard. Her mother had figured that there was no way that her other daughter would also participate. For Rebecca, it brought hope that she might be able to share in the taboo with her big sister. Or at least get a shot at it. not wanting to lose her chance Rebecca implored her mother.

“Why don’t you help her mom? Maybe you can show her how you got over it?”

“Oh there’s no way mom has to go” Bailey retorted. “I saw her panties this morning, she’s already gone, and she’s not even acting like she needs to, like she did yesterday.”

Clearly, frustration was getting to her, and the young woman was lashing out a bit. Silence quickly grabbed the group and spoiled what could have been a nice bonding moment for the three. In order to salvage some enjoyment, Rebecca intentionally let go again. Just a little more. The group resumed their hike, but not before Bailey apologized.

“I don't want to sound angry. I’m sorry. This is stupid anyway.”

“It’s ok B.” Rebecca rubbed her sister's back as the group walked towards a clearing.

Bailey felt odd. She knew logically what she was trying to do, and she knew she shouldn’t be trying to do it. But emotionally she wanted to, and by admitting her frustrations, she was admitting that fact to herself. Her mother was right that morning, didn’t feel wrong to her necessarily and the only reason she was against it was because she felt she had to be. Deep down maybe she should give this a fair shot, but her logical mind simply would not let her. As the family stopped on a rock overlooking a small chasm, she felt a poke in the ribs from her sister

“You’re wrong about mom though. I think she really did have to pee.”

Bailey watched intently as the audible confirmation of what her sister had pointed out rang through the forested hill. As her mother stood, seemingly admiring nature's beauty, her black leggings were glistening with an obvious sheen that started from her crotch and ran down her thighs. As clear as it was, it was almost silver.

The act was being committed with such force that her hot pee was overrunning the fabric of her pants and pouring down the back of her thighs, where it sprayed onto the ground and splattered onto her calves. Small little rivers of pee would join and split as they cut paths down her pants. More still took a direct route down her legs into her socks and shoes. It all joined the quickly growing dark puddle on top of the rock face she was standing on.

Bailey felt as though she was being taunted. What she had been struggling to do for the entire walk, her mother was able to do with seemingly little effort.

Rebecca didn’t have nearly as many thoughts in her head about her mothers act. it wasn’t something that was new to her, much less surprising, but it did signal to her that she wanted to end her hold as well. She had more or less accomplish what she wanted to, and could feel a little pressure in her bladder, though she wasn’t desperate at all, she was more worried about Bailey.

As the girl's mother finished, the puddle that she had created under her ran forward on the rock face towards a drop off on the cliffside they were standing on. Sighing she turned and walked a few pieces back towards her girls, a pleasant smile on her face and her squeaking shoes following her.

“Hey mom, is it ok if Rebecca and I go on ahead? I kind of want to talk to her about a few things.”

“Oh. Uh, sure honey. Is everything ok?”

“Um…yeah. I…I just feel. I don’t know. I feel strange about all this and I just really want to talk to her about it.”

“No worries dear! I’ll see you two back at the cabin.”

Bailey smiled “thanks mom.”

The two weighted, listening to their mothers squeaking shoes as she headed back the way they came. Looking away from the opening on the hill, and away from their mothers puddle, the to begin walking again, at first in silence.

Enough time went by, without a word spoken, with just the crunch of sticks and bramble under their feet, that Rebecca started to feel a little awkward. She had to know why her sister had sent away her mother.

“So, what did you want to talk about B?”

“Why’d she have to do that?”

“Do what?”

“She knew that I had just said that I couldn’t, and she goes and does that right in front of me. It’s not fair.”

“Maybe she was trying to encourage you?”

“How?”

“Well, like I did yesterday when you got out of the car. Maybe in her own way, she was trying to do the same.”

“I think she didn’t like my tone and was just trying to get to me.”

“Don’t be silly, Mom wouldn’t do that to you.”

Bailey sighed. “I guess. You’re right. Maybe she was trying to show me how easy it could be. But the problem is, I don’t know how to get there.”

A pause. The birds sang overhead and the bright summer sun warmed the girls' faces. Bailey admitted

“Maybe you could help me?”

A wide smile appeared on Rebecca’s face. To hear her sister ask such a question meant that she may finally yet what she wanted out of this vacation all along. But she knew she probably only had one shot to get her sister on board.

“I’d love to. But in all seriousness, mom would be better.”

“Why mom?”

“Experience. I can try to help but she knows a lot about this.”

“Can you do what she did?”

“What?”

“Pee on command?”

“I think so.”

“Can you do it?”

“Pee now?”

“Right here.”

The command sent delightful pings and twitches of pleasure along Rebecca’s spine. She’d never been commanded to do something like this before, much less from her own sister. Bending her knees slightly, Rebecca completely relaxed and gave a light push. Gently she placed a hand over her crotch. It wasn’t but a few seconds before she felt a familiar rush of warmth in her panties. She looked up, her eyes meeting her sisters.

“I’m going.”

She felt it first break through the thicker fabric of her shorts. But given that they were small enough to barely cover her butt cheeks, the warm liquid had less space to cover. Her hand was quickly covered by a wet sensation along her fingers, and she removed it to a splattering crashing sound below. A darkening cloud appeared at the crotch of her shorts and moved very quickly over towards her inner thighs. Not finding any more fabric to soak into, the rogue rivulets and small creeks of hot piss ran down her leg and streaks splattered and scratched their way onto small patch of grass at her feet.

As her eyes were trained on her sister, Rebecca could still feel the almost tickling sensation that was exiting her body. It tapered off quicker than she would have normally liked, but the excitement she had felt from the experience of her sister commanding it out of her made up for it. She could see Bailey concentrating, obviously attempting to mimic her.

Suddenly Bailey’s eyes began to widen, and she parted her legs a touch. But she let out a small gasp as a tiny patch appeared on her blue shorts. A quick, small dribble of pee ran down her leg. As quickly as it started, though, Bailey shoved her hands between her crotch, and on instinct, darted behind a tree.

Before Bailey could even realize the opportunity that she had just thrown away, her strong stream was already kicking and displacing dirt up onto her shins and her sneakers. Whatever she thought about her family’s habit, this was almost certainly worse. She had the benefit of a sensation of a deflating bladder, but she didn’t have the fulfillment of trying something new. Nor did she have the satisfaction of relieving her need privately. Sighing, and shouting an apology to her sister Bailey made a silent vow to herself. She’d learn how to do this like her mother, and like her sister. And she give this a real shot. No overwhelming desperation, no copping out at the end. The next day, Bailey would absolutely try the family habit.

*023*2023-04-05 15:49

{{14 hours ago, FR123FR said:

Could this be something more than wetting?👀

Loving the story so far!

}}

Glad to hear you’re loving the story! Unfortunately I’m not comfortable writing non-wetting or peeing scenes.

I hope the causal nature of the wettings is so thing you enjoy though, it’ll be the most common theme of this story!

{{1 hour ago, JayLew said:

I love casual wetting stories like this. Keep it up!

}}

Thanks! It’ll be the main theme of every chapter!



