End of the week

Author: Kreed

*000*2020-10-16 17:40

Author's note: Couldn't figure out how to add images, but, while writing, I pictured Lucy as Kyouko Takizawa. More-ish comming some day.

###

The Sun had set. It was a cool autumn evening. The supermarket's sliding doors opened and out rushed Lucy, walking as fast as her high heels and tight skirt allowed her. She wore her favourite pair of black pantyhose today. Under her black formal coat she had a blouse, that was honestly getting too small for her as it barely buttoned over her sizeable bust, and a business jacket that matched her skirt. Her right hand held a shopping bag, while the other was on the front of her skirt, pushing onto it, to try and help with the immense source of discomfort between her legs.

She had to pee really badly.

"Of all the times for the store's toilets to be out of order. Why now? Why now?!" She thought to herself as she neared her car.

Her pace had slowed down as she was now keeping her legs together as close and tight as possible. The ball of pee in her abdomen was growing more uncomfortable with every clack of her high heels on the asphalt of the parking lot. Her legs were tensed up, trying to walk not so fast as to slosh her bladder's contents too much, but not so slow as to reduce her pace to a crawl.

"Why didn't I go at work? Dammit, dammit!" She pondered as she reached her car. Crossing her legs and bobbing up and down, Lucy began to search her purse for the key, her quick breath appearing as huffs of smoke in the cold air.

After rumaging a little, she found it. Putting the shopping bag in the back, Lucy got in the driver's seat. Within the confines of her car, she pushed both her hands under her skirt and onto her pussy, squeezing it as tight as she could manage and fanning her legs in and out.

"Hnnn, shit, shit, shit... just gotta make it home. Just gotta make it home!" She said to herself as she bounced her legs around, trying to start the car.

The engine came to life and, trying to be fast and safe, Lucy drove out of the store's parking lot.

She didn't live far away. Only 10 minutes, but right now every second was a challenge to try and keep her black lacey panties dry.

"Ohh nononooo!" She moaned as she was forced to stop at a red light. She pulled her skirt up to allow herself to grab herself easier and resumed fanning her legs in and out. She just couldn't stop fidgeting. She knew that if she did, her seat would have a yellow pool on it by the time she got home.

Standing at the red light, she thought back to everything that had lead up to this.

She'd been busy all day at work and when it became time to leave, she felt the need for a bathroom, but after such an exhausting week chose to get home as fast as possible and hold it till there. On the way she had to stop by the post office and the store. By the time she reached the post office, her need had grown unexpectadly quickly. It didn't help that the line was so long. She began to shift her legs around as it crawled forward.

It was only then that she realised, with horror, that currently her bladder must've been holding half-a-day's worth of pee inside it. The last time she recalled going to the toilet was on lunch break. Standing in the line for such a long time meant that her mind could replay every sip of coffee, juice and water she had drank since then and was now sloshing against her poor bladder's walls.

By the time Lucy was done, she was really needing to relieve herself. It didn't help that it had gotten darker and colder. She had doubts that she'd hold it till home so she had no choice but to go at the store.

When she got there, she immediatelly rushed to the public toilet, but was met with a "closed due to burst pipe" on the door to the Ladies'. By this point, Lucy herself was about to burst. Under attack by an ocean of pee inside her, she bought the groceries and left as quick as possible.

And now she was here. Just about ready to explode in a wet explosion in her car.

The light turned green. Reluctantly, she had to release the iron grip on her pussy and resume the drive.

By the time she reached her house she was sweating and panting.

"Almost, almost!" She thought, turning the car off. She got out, but the moment her feet stepped on the bricks of her driveway, she let out a small drop of pee into her panties.

She yelped and froze in place, squeezing her thighs together to avoid more from comming out. "No! No!" She whimpered.

When she regained some control, she rushed to the front door. Awaiting imminent relief, her bladder muscles began to loosen up. She climbed the stairs, reached the door, gripped the knob and...

Locked.

"Fuck!" She grunted, stepping in place and frantically searching her pockets for the key. Nothing. They must still be in her purse.

She tried to run at first, but her bladder spasmed, causing her to tense up once more. She carefully descended the stairs, with one hand on the railing and one gripping the hem of her skirt. With every step she felt like she was about to explode and create a yellow waterfall on the stairs.

She waddled to her car and reached for her purse. She rummaged through it, desperately trying to find the key, all while shifting from foot to foot, making her gorgeous butt sway from side to side almost hypnotically.

She searched everything one time, then another, then another. She got desperate and poured the purse's contents on the car seat. Phone, lipstick, wallet- everything was there, except for her key. She just couldn't find it. Either she'd lost it or forgotten it. Either way it didn't matter. What mattered was dealing with the massive balloon of piss between her legs.

Painfully, she stood back up and waddled as fast as she could to the backyard. The backdoor was her last hope right now.

There was a small gate between the driveway and the backyard. She knew it was locked, but she also knew the key was in the flowerpot next to it. After struggling to stick the key into the keyhole several times, she unlocked the gate and rushed to the backdoor.

She reached for the doorknob and...

Also locked.

"Fuck!" Lucy grunted. By now her left hand was permanently wedged between her legs. Her skirt had ridden so far up that the bottom of her cheeks were showing.

"Maybe I could try peeing in the yard?" Lucy thought, bouncing in place.

She slowly walked to the thuja cluster in her garden. Repeatedly looking around for anyone and listening whether someone was behind any fence, she began to pull her skirt up. She looked down and was shocked at what she saw. Her bladder was bulging out of her abdomen! Just how much pee was she holding in? She was just about to pull down her pantyhose and underwear when she heard a door open and the sound of kids rushing out, along with their parents. She hastily pulled her skirt down and waddled back out to the front yard, but not before a spurt of pee shot into her panties.

"UNF!" She grunted, plunging both hands against her womanhood and continuing on, permanently leaning forward slightly.

She had only one choice left now - wait for her husband to get back.

She got in her car and took her phone out of her purse. Her hands were shaking so much that she found it difficult to tap the right number. After several misses, she got it and it began ringing. She had her phone in her right hand and her desperate pussy in her left. After a short while, her husband picked up.

"Just got done at the bank. Heading home now. What's up Lulu?" He said, nonchalantly.

"Adam... h-how long till you get here?" Lucy said, gasping after every word.

"Not long. Is something wrong? Are you okay?" His tone was now full of concern.

"I just... oooh, I just really really REALLY need to pee right now. I'm locked out. I'm about to completely piss myself."

"Oh, okay. Hold on tight I'll be there in about 10 minutes."

"Oooh, I'll try... I'll really try. Please hurry." She said, fanning her legs.

"I will. Just hold on. See you soon."

She had to hold it for 10 minutes more. For 10 whole minutes she had to keep holding back what felt like the seven seas crashing against her poor exhausted pussy.

For starters, she got out of the car. Sitting squeezed her bladder bulge way too much. She tip-toed back to the porch stairs. Slowly and carefully she ascended them. Every step was followed by a grunt. Halfway up she had to pause to double-cross her legs and bob uo and down to battle a stronger spasm amidst the already constant spasms from her overfilled bladder.

When she reached the top, she got out of her high-heels. They were becoming way too much of an obstacle for her. Her hands were now essential to holding back the flood.

On her tip-toes she waddled to the bench next to the door. She sat down and immediatelly fanned, crossed and re-crossed her legs over and over again. Anything to keep her pee inside her. Her knuckles had turned white from the strong grip on her pussy, though it did little as a huge leak hissed out of her and wet her hands and skirt.

Lucy yelped again and stood up, pressing her hands even stronger against her privates. She sat on the armrest of the bench. By now it was easy, because her skirt had ridden all the way up to her midriff, exposing her beautiful round rear and sexy lace panties to the world. She grinded back and forth on the bench, pushing herself against it as hard as possible. When she looked down at her crotch, she saw a huge wet spot on her pantyhose.

God, she couldn't take it. Her bladder was screaming, her pussy was letting out drop after drop. No matter how she moved, any kind of movement sloshed the gigantic ball of urine bulging out of her stomach.

She lost another spurt and pushed herself harder on the armrest.

"Adam... where are you?" She whimpered to herself, starting to tear up from the insane pressure.

Just then, as if he'd heard it, Adam drove by and into the driveway of the house. He immediatelly jumped out and ran towards his wife.

Lucy had gotten off of the armrest, leaving a small pool of pee on it. She was stepping in place and holding herself like a child, ready to cry and explode. In an attempt to look less ridiculous, she pulled her skirt back down a little.

"Are you alright? How on earth did this happen to you?" Adam asked, rushing to the door and fumbling with his keys to unlock it.

"I-I don't know. Please hurry, it's comming out!"

Lucy was bouncing from foot to foot, her face red and sweaty. Her strength was beginning to fade. A small constant stream of pee was pooling in her hands and snaking down her legs and onto the porch.

Adam unlocked the door and tore it open. He went to Lucy and tried to help her get in, but, as soon as she saw the open door, she ran inside.

She managed to take a whole 4 steps before freezing in place. She was breathing heavily. She gripped herself harder, her fingers digging between her moist lips, she crossed her legs as tight as possible, she tensed as many muscles as she could, but it was no use.

A loud hissing sound filled the hallway as everything saved up inside Lucy's bladder came rushing out of her. Her pee sprayed against her hands, splashing onto her skirt. It poured down her voluptuous thighs, dripped down from her knees and pooled at her feet. She began to blush in embarassement. She was an adult woman wetting herself like a child steps away from her bathroom in front of her husband.

But, despite all that, it felt so good. Lucy was moaning as she emptied all of her piss onto the floor. Hitting the cold tile floor, the piss puddle began to steam, carrying the smell of urine all around.

30 seconds later and Lucy's golden waterfall was as strong as ever. Her bulge was slowly shrinking. The sheer ammount of pee was shocking even Lucy. Was she really holding this much? Just how much more is there? Right now she thought it could go on for another hour at least.

Obviously it didn't. A few seconds later her stream began to slow down. After another 30, Lucy was completely empty. She sighed in absolute bliss. Her skirt was soaked and the streaks of pee running down her legs glistened in the light. Her knees trembled from the relief of an empty bladder after so many hours.

All this time Adam had stood behind Lucy, stunned at what he was seeing, but the moment he saw Lucy swaying, he rushed behind her, holding her to make sure she doesn't fall.

"Feeling better?" He asked.

"You have no idea."

"So much out of someone so little. Just how long were you holding it?" Adam asked teasingly, shocked at the size of his wife's puddle.

"Who you calling little, huh?" Lucy retorted playfully, spinning around and pressing her breasts against Adam's chest.

"You." Adam said, leaning in and giving Lucy a quick kiss on the lips, placing his hands on her rear and pulling her closer. "But seriously, how long? This is so much pee! It's almost reaching the front door."

"Yeah, I really did it this time. I guess I'm lucky to have a husband that doesn't mind a wife who wets herself a lot." Lucy rested her head on Adam's chest.

"I wouldn't have it any other way." Adam said, kissing her again. "Now lets get you changed and make dinner, huh?"

"Deffinetly. And I think we'll need to take care of something else too." Lucy said as she pushed her wet leg between Adam's, feeling something hard press against them.

"I can't wait." He said.

What a lucky pairing.

