Sarah goes for a run (and Nothing Else Interesting Happens At All)

Author: Karageth2

*000*2023-07-08 02:43

I hate trying to make titles.

There was a metallic clunk and hefty jingle as Sarah set the barbell back on its rest above her on the bench. One sound among many filling the gym with its clanging concert of weights shifting back and forth, and with the thump of footsteps and hum of treadmills or stationary bikes. It wasn't an especially large gym, but it was abnormally busy on this Friday evening. Most likely, it was folks wanting to get in that last workout before 8 o'clock when it was going to be closed down for an extended round of general maintenance and upgrades. Sarah, for one, was looking forward to that. She was a regular patron and having some newer amenities like some of the bigger gyms would not bother her in the slightest. It was the one nearest her house and the smaller size was actually more to her speed, so she didn't mind the quirks and age, but it really could benefit from some improvement.

@@Sarah sat up from the bench and stretched her arms. They echoed the pleasant burn of the other well-worked muscles in her slim, but toned body that said this workout was complete. A water bottle close by satisfied her thirst with a few cooling gulps and she stood to do a few more full body stretches just to loosen up completely. About time to wrap it here and go to the park for some cardio. On warm summer days like today, she much preferred to head over to the nearby public trail and do her runs in the fresh air and sunshine. Or at least as much as was left when she got to the gym after work was done. Today, she had stayed over a bit late before coming to get her daily exercise in. Sparing a moment to adjust the tie holding her long brown hair back into a ponytail, Sarah walked over to the locker room. Just like the rest of the gym, they were rather small; there were a grand total of three toilet stalls, one having sat broken for who knew how long, leaving in actuality only two usable. 

The showers were an open-air affair, being one pale blue tiled corner room with four shower heads each sprouting from the two opposing walls. There was a reason Sarah usually preferred to wait until she got home to wash off. Despite running track and field all through high school, she had never managed to shake her shyness about being naked with other people. Changing clothes could be stomached if she didn't dally. But she would always pick the corner-most shower available to speed through one, oftentimes only taking the time to wet herself down before jumping into her towel and clothes again, if she could manage it. Without the social pressure of the nonchalance her team had had pushing her to knuckle under and bear it, she had no desire to put up with the stress without good cause. But if the new locker room included divided stalls, she might, maybe give it a second thought, to try and face the fears that she felt a 28-year-old woman should be over by now. After all, there was nothing to be ashamed of, damn it, she put hard work into this figure!

The door swung closed behind her and she heard the rush of a shower and babble of conversation. Due to the impending closure, everyone had to clean out whatever they had in their lockers or it was all getting trashed with them in the tear down. No exceptions. It wasn't a surprise then, that the locker room was also hopping today. Some were women getting refreshed and changed after using the equipment, and the rest were just there to clean out their belongings. Sarah had to weave around a cluster of three chatting ladies, said hello to a few regular faces, and then sidled up to her locker. Muscle memory had the lock code entered in a few seconds, and the metal door swung open to reveal her personal items. 

A towel hung on one hook, with some soap and shampoo for the rare occasions she felt required to brave the shower to wash up before leaving. She didn't wear a lot of makeup, but she also had a bit kept here, for the same rare times she needed it, just in case. An extra water bottle hung from the other hook, in case she forgot to bring her usual; it was always more convenient to have one with her than have to traipse over to the water fountain to get a drink in the middle of a routine. Hydration was important. Car keys on a lanyard looped around the last hook. And finally at the bottom, her gym bag, already packed with her work clothes and shoes; and her small handbag with license, house keys, etc. All this she began to collect up to take home.

@@At the edge of her awareness, a toilet flushed in the background noise, followed by the sound of a swinging door, a squeak of a shoe and a mighty crash that made Sarah jump and look up to find the cause of it. From her locker, she could see across to the area with the toilets and the women waiting their turn for a stall. But everyone's startled attention was on the left one that had just loudly slammed closed. Two slim bare legs in tennis shoes could be seen dancing back and forth through the gap under the door. A young woman's voice muttered a string of curses as she fumbled and fought with something out of view, knees locked tight together. She made a high pitched sound of exasperation and paused, one foot tapping furiously in place. Then a gasp and she dropped into a crouch, then back up again; before at last a pair of dark blue booty shorts slid to her ankles and she dropped bodily onto the toilet seat. Immediately came the sound of a water spigot flung open full bore, thundering into the water below, easily overpowering the sound of the few showers running farther away. The unknown girl let out a moan that sounded a little too much like one overheard from a locked bedroom, making a few older ladies cluck and shake their heads at such conduct in public. The relieved pisser apparently didn't much mind who heard her, for she heaved another, only slightly quieter as the powerful jet carried on at strength. There were a few scattered giggles as the women all realized what the ruckus had been and everyone turned back to their own business and conversation.

@@Sarah quickly returned attention to her locker and felt a short spike of anxiety as the ongoing urinary Niagara reminded her uncomfortably of a similar sound she herself had produced just a few months ago after an ill-fated ultrasound appointment. Sarah typically thought of herself as an optimistic person, so she tried to look on the bright side of it all. It hadn't been as bad as it could have been, truly... That technician had been right, no one had seen her slink out the back of the clinic to her car in soaked leggings after the checkup had ended a bit... explosively. Her head had been on a swivel, hyper alert for anyone in the area that could have seen her damp shame. But there hadn't been anyone in sight. One silver lining. Oh, and!– she had even forgotten a plastic shopping bag in her car, so she had been able to sit on that to keep her seat dry for the drive home. Two! Though she wasn't keen on reliving it, the whole sequence of events had been etched indelibly on her brain. She could remember vividly the panicked movements her body had made on its own, contorting her body wildly in a last effort to hold in her pee. How stretched and heavy her lower middle had felt, and even how it had looked, bulging bladder pushing out past her trim waistline. Cold sweat had flowed, her tongue tripped through her words. That had truly been the most desperate she could ever remember being in her life. And it was the first time she had had an accident as an adult... No! Positives! She... she discovered she could hold a lot –an image of a huge puddle of pee rapidly expanding around her flashed to mind. She winced. A lot– before her control broke. There it was, that surely meant she had great bladder strength! If she could handle that much, any normal everyday circumstance was no problem! There wasn't anything to worry about. She could handle herself.

@@The only other person who'd seen her accident had been the tech, and she had seemed very sympathetic. And a professional, there was some kind of patient confidentiality that applied there, right? She wouldn't share it around. Oh no, there had been that other boy... but he had seemed to be in just as desperate a state as she. He was probably too preoccupied to notice, she had to tell herself. For a brief moment, she almost hoped he had also had an accident, so she wouldn't be alone in her shame. But no, that was just cruel to wish for. He had surely made it through just fine. Regardless, God willing, she would never see either of them again anyway, so it didn't matter, right? Embarrassment still burned hot in the back of her mind, but she did feel a little better translating it through that lens. Lost in thought, she absentmindedly swept the last of her things into her bag and closed the locker. Her padlock was slid off and tossed in the bag as well. Zipped it up, and Sarah paused with bag slung over her shoulder, looking toward the toilets. In normal operation, there amazingly wasn't too terrible traffic for the two available latrines. There was the occasional snarl when too many schedules lined up, but it hadn't resulted in any egregious incidents so far. Sarah suspected it was most likely due to a lot of women simply avoiding the problem altogether and peeing while showering. (Everyone peed in the shower, and those who didn't were liars.) None of that was the case right now however; owing to the abnormal influx of patrons at one time, there was a line at least four deep for both stalls at the moment. Blue shorts girl finally seemed to be tapering off, now with a happy sigh while she tore off some toilet paper. That was going to be one less for that spot, but another woman was already approaching to fill it in. And she wasn't about to strip down and feign a shower just so she could pee there. Sarah would have to wait her turn out here. Evening was going to be rapidly approaching and she wanted to get her jog in so she could get home after the long day. And that workout had built up an appetite, too. She thought it over, taking stock of her current state. Her bladder had a twinge when she focused on it, but it felt manageable. A tiny voice urged her to stay and wait to empty what had collected, just to play it safe, but she wanted to get on with her evening. She had surely been sweating out some of that water too, anyway. She felt fine.

Decision made, she headed back out into the gym proper, just as the desperate girl exited her stall, rosy-cheeked and walking on air. On the way up to the front doors, Sarah stopped at the fountain to refill her water bottle. It had been very hot and muggy earlier, and she knew she was going to need the hydration out in that kind of weather. Task done, she exited the building, hopped in her car, tossing her fully packed bag in the passenger seat, and zipped the few blocks over to the park.

@@The route she liked to run was a hard-packed gravel path snaking its way around and through the grassed area. It ran by the playground with its jungle gyms and slides, on past a few baseball diamonds where little league games were played, alongside another playground for the littler kids, a small picnic area with benches and public grills, and finally back to the parking lot she would always start from. A few trees dotted along the path, offering some scattered shade along the way, with a denser collection near the back corner. Sarah pulled in a deep breath of the fresh air. It was actually a lot nicer than earlier, some cool breezes had blown through since, taking out the worst of the humidity. The sun had lost some of its noontime heat. Beautiful weather to get some exercise in. She began her stretches, loosening up calves and quads; suddenly becoming aware of her bladder as she did some side squats, but the feeling passed so she ignored it. Phone secured to the armband on her bicep, high-energy playlist queued up, she popped her earphones in and took off at a trot to begin, water bottle in hand.

@@It only took a few dozen yards until Sarah had slipped into the familiar rhythm and zoned out to the music and regular crunching beat of her feet on the ground. Having been a consistent runner for years, it was easy to shift into an almost meditative state, where the mind could wander as it willed. It was quite a temperate late afternoon now, not too hot at all. Yet every now and then, she would still take a swig from her water bottle out of habit. Not a bad one to have, either. She was always conscious about keeping properly hydrated during exercise. Earlier on, there had been plenty of girls she'd seen keel over during a track meet because they hadn't been drinking as the coaches had told them. And so periodically, the clear water would flow down her throat, into her stomach where it was quickly absorbed; all the faster due to it being empty at the moment. The water hydrated her blood as it pumped needed oxygen and nutrients to her high-performing muscles, round her body and into her kidneys where it was filtered out with any impurities and sent onward for disposal. Trickling down from both organs into her bladder, that all the while dutifully collected what it was given. Over time, it began to expand from an appreciable, but unremarkable level to a certain threshold that triggered a signal to be sent racing up the spinal cord to the brain, alerting its current fullness. An alert that Sarah heard but dismissed, she was no stranger to having her bladder fill a bit during a long run. Nothing to worry about. She was more focused on the music in her ears and the smooth flow of her honed physique propelling her down the path. Every footfall rolled with the momentum, easily carrying her one full circuit of the track and on past her starting point into a second. On this go-around, about halfway through, she turned onto an offshoot that ducked into the denser collection of trees on the outskirts of the park area. Just for a little change of scenery. This area was a smoothed dirt trail winding and meandering through the trees and some low bushes. Sharply angled shafts of sunlight lit everything golden as the sun peaked beneath the tree canopy on its slide down to the horizon. Beautiful, Sarah thought and sucked down the last of her water, then pulled only air. She glanced at the empty bottle in her hand and shook it to be sure. Oh, guess I was drinking a little faster than I thought. A mental shrug, Eh, it'll be fine, and so she continued on her way.

@@However, maybe ten minutes later, she was regretting some of that flippancy, as well as her route choice. She had forgotten how long this stretch of track went. Sure, she had slowed down for the rougher terrain, but even so... Was this still the same path? This chunk of trees was actually a small woods nestled up on the edge of the park that had a trail cut through part of it for the walking path to feed into. It was possible Sarah had accidentally wound up following a smaller separate trail, off the main drag. She would be the first to admit she was not a wiz of directions. This does look a bit more overgrown than before... She came to a halt and pulled her phone off her arm, absently wandering in a small circle to keep her legs moving. There was a certain urge making itself more known in her middle, the movement helped to ignore it. Luckily, there was no real danger of getting lost; the woods was small enough to simply walk a straight line in any direction and eventually find yourself either at the edge to then walk around the perimeter, or right back into town. But traipsing through brush with shorts and low socks sounded like a good way to find poison ivy or, ugh, ticks. Something Sarah would like to avoid if at all possible.

Oh damn it. The map app was showing her deeper within the patch of green on the satellite image than she was expecting. She'd definitely followed a wrong turn. Ugh, I'm such a ditz. Back the way I came, I guess. The main trail should be easy to recognize when I hit it again. ...Which is soon, I hope. She'd been pretty successful in dismissing the growing pressure so far, but she had to admit to herself: she had to pee. That tiny voice from earlier was now complaining in worried I-told-you-so's, but Sarah silenced it. This was not at a level to worry about. She'd dealt with far worse! But, nothing else for it, anyway. She'd just have to do some backtracking. So she replaced her phone, restarted the music, and sped off toward the way out.

@@Minutes passed and her bladder was now loudly complaining with each jouncing impact, so she tried to lighten her stride as much as she could, but there was only so far that would work while still maintaining her speed. Each time one thigh raised for the next step, it nudged against her pelvic region and that sloshing liquid weight held within; it felt like every time her foot hit the dirt, it sent a shock wave up her leg straight into her bladder. Finally Sarah could hold out no longer. She popped her earphones out and into the secure holder on her armband, so she could utilize all her senses, and skipped to a stop on the dirt path. There was no one within sight or earshot, so one slim hand pushed itself into her crotch and thighs clamped around it to offer a comforting assistance from outside. Those 32-odd ounces were wreaking havoc on her system right now, sitting on top of what had already been in there from earlier. She was regretting her enthusiasm for hydration so much right now. And the worst part of it was some of it could still be felt in her stomach, not having worked its way through yet. The pressure was only going to go up from here. Following another fretful survey of her surroundings, she had a brief thought of just squatting down where she stood and hosing the ground with her hot urine. There hadn't been anyone else even walking the track this evening, much less going into these woods, so it felt safe enough, very much out of any public eye... But added to the fear of being caught, the thought of hovering her intimates so close to the ground with who knew what kind of critters or bugs- no no no! The young woman had never been an outdoorsy type. She had yet to pee outside once in her life. Her need would have to be much worse to tempt her into her first try right now. Her knees bent on their own as a wave washed over her. Maybe that was closer than she had realized... She gave herself a few rubs as the urge started to wane, soon to return, no doubt, but for now she could hurry back to "proper civilization" and its indoor plumbing. The wider official trail could be seen just ahead and soon after that, the rest of the park and better opportunities to pee.

Sarah cleared the treeline with a happy heart, and a heavy bladder. Despite the allure of speeding to a toilet quick as possible, jogging was not an option anymore. The liquid rocking back and forth in her lower abdomen was creeping far too close to the exit for such impactful movement. She gave herself a last bracing squeeze before heading back into the more visible public. Time to speed walk her way to a bathroom and quick. As luck would have it, the park facilities were located just ahead in the baseball section, simply a matter of yards. Like anyone else, public restrooms were to be avoided when possible, but needs must. And she had Need. As dirty as they could be, it was still leagues better than the woods, in her mind. You could line a seat with toilet paper, if nothing else.

###

More to come, of course. We ain't done

*004*2023-07-10 13:37

Perhaps, Wings, with our powers combined…! (Assuming my own end is as I hope, haha)

But thanks guys, hope y'all like the next part! More happens. Coming soon

*005*2023-07-12 02:27

@@It wasn't long and she was approaching the first of the fields on her left, with its cheering parents and the ping of metal bats making solid hits on the ball. There were four diamonds arranged in a circle around a small square building that housed the restrooms and a little snack booth on its opposite side. The gravel path skirted around two of them before continuing on, with a branch leading off down towards the center of the wheel. Three games were on this evening, making the small bleachers and middle area rather busy. As Sarah headed down her turnoff, she slowed her speed to an easy walk, not wanting to appear to be making an obvious beeline for the bathrooms. With relief so near, she felt safe enough to make that concession to modesty. The red shirts on the field to the right appeared to be dominating, if the cheers and home run on loaded bases were anything to go by. Left field was currently between innings. Then her target was looming ahead, tan bricked deliverance. She rounded the corner, but had to stop at the commotion she beheld. A scattering of people were milling about, but a good distance away due to a foul smell she abruptly walked into. The doors to the mens and womens rooms were propped fully open while water appeared to be covering the floors of both and leaking out onto the dusty ground. Something disastrous was going on here and she had a sick feeling her chance at relief was to be denied. The sight of the trickling water alone was causing another cramp in her bladder. Trying to keep as nonchalant as she could manage, she wandered closer to a man standing nearby looking around restless and asked,

"What's going on?" The man appeared to be maybe just a year or so younger than her, rather attractive to be honest, wearing a ball cap and khaki shorts. A line of sweat decorated his bare upper lip despite the refreshing breeze.

@@"Oh! Hi there. Uh, apparently some joker thought it would be funny to drop a firecracker down a toilet in the ladies'. Now there's shards of it all over and something got backed up real good, cuz all of 'em in the building are overflowing with shi- uh, crap water everywhere." He shifted his weight a bit uncomfortably and Sarah noticed he had both hands deep in his pockets, one appeared to be placed suspiciously near his groin. "Nobody saw who, but they got the city guys coming out to fix it. At some point." He half turned and gave her a quick look up and down. "So... hopefully you weren't planning to need one for a while," he joked with a clumsy chuckle. Sarah's already low hopes crashed to the floor with his explanation. She could almost feel her bladder physically shudder at the news. Obviously no one had shown up yet. And this looked like a job that wasn't going to be fixed very quickly even when they did. But maybe they'd let people in if they got the water to stop, or, or something! There were a bunch of people here, surely plenty would need to use the toilet soon. Like the guy she was talking to right now, she strongly suspected.

She forced her own laugh, "Oh, haaa, yeah, that would really suck, heh," and cleared her throat. "But, um, offhand, do you know when somebody might show up?"

"I just heard that they made the call at some point, so honestly, I have no idea. ...Hoping it's soon though, cuz I really need to take a piss." He stopped, a bit surprised to let that slip. That wasn't the kind of thing to drop on a pretty stranger. "Sorry, uh, excuse me." He cleared his throat and looked away in embarrassment.

It was really no surprise to her, Sarah could see her own struggle to contain a growing pressure plainly reflected in him. He swayed a bit side to side as they stood there, his eyes were shifting a bit too much to appear at ease, and here next to him, it was plain to see he was gripping himself through his pocket. The clothes covered any outward indication, but one could easily imagine there should be a bulge around his belt line. Taking a second to study him, he really was pretty cute; a good few inches above her own petite stature, short cut dirty-blonde hair under his hat, strong chin, but large, expressive blue eyes. It had been a long time since her last date. Maybe... Then she was filled with all the more horror when, without meaning to, her mouth ran away from her as well,

"Actually I gotta admit, I do too... like really bad," and screamed internally. What the hell are you trying to prove with this honesty?! "I don't think I've gone since early afternoon, maybe." Stop it!

"Gosh. I've had to go since we got here hours ago, but I was watching my nephews until their mom got here, and now, well... that," he nodded toward the trashed bathrooms. "And if we're being totally honest here, I might just have to go find a tree to water," He chuckled, but the put-on mirth disappeared quickly as he started looking around with a bit more intent, obviously it wasn't a joke. Well geeze, I guess we're really talking about this...

"That might not be a good idea right here in the park... like, public indecency laws, right?"

@@"Oh shi-crap, you're right. Some Karen parent would really pitch a fit if anyone saw..." he trailed off and Sarah could have sworn she heard a faint hiss before the fist grabbing his dick through his pocket became more pronounced. "Oh god..." he uttered with alarm. They both couldn't help but look to the sound, down at his pants; luckily it seemed it wasn't in the right spot to show through the thicker fabric. But he had definitely just leaked, Sarah was certain. Which only made her all the more aware of her own internals. He was obviously in bad shape. If it was starting to escape his control, it could only be a matter of time until... Their eyes locked when they both looked up, faces turning red at being caught looking and at catching the other doing the same. The muscles in his forearm were standing out and he leaned forward slightly. He cleared his throat and tried to wet his mouth, "Please, please don't be freaked out, but could you spot me? I mean, be lookout for me? I seriously think I'm about to... and then I could watch for you, so if you wanted, you could also, um... Please?" Sarah could feel her heart go out to him in sympathy, he was clearly at the end of his rope and didn't know how to fix it through the panic infecting his thoughts. Trapped in a public setting in such a vulnerable state as an adult who should've known better. She knew just how it felt to lost control in such a visceral way, and it would be even worse in this kind of crowd. Her own bladder was complaining loudly for her to move on to somewhere with a working toilet, but there was no way she could deny his plea. She'd never be able forgive herself for not helping someone avoid the kind of accident she was all too familiar with. And, though she would never admit it, she could also feel a bloom of heat in her chest seeing this well-built cutie basically begging her, so plaintively with his wide searching eyes.

"I.. yes, no problem," she answered, to his great relief. Well, soon to be relief.

"Thank you so freaking much, you're seriously saving my ass here," the honest appreciation was plain on his face as he quickly turned toward the path out, and she couldn't help but quirk a little smile and follow.

"Hey, slow down a bit, you don't want to be too obvious what you're doing," Sarah cautioned, for that reason, but more so because she didn't want to jostle her own cargo too much trying to match his longer stride.

@@"Right, right, I'll try..." he slowed his pace, trying to appear to just be walking casually with the girl at his side. And left hand still deep in his pocket. An eagle-eyed viewer might notice something a little off about their temperament, but as it was, they were an unremarkable pair simply walking away from the baseball fields together. Sarah heard him grunt softly under his breath a few times as they strolled tensely towards a small bunch of trees some yards out from the fences. Whether by his design or luck, they were also directly out from the unused diamond, and thus less likely for a ball fan to be looking their way in the first place. It was a quiet trip; he was obviously not in the mood for small talk, dangerously on the verge of soaking his pants as he was, and Sarah was content to focus on her own battle. It was faintly more manageable, now that the shock of her denied relief had worn off. But her body was still roaring with need. They reached the tree, the largest one, only able to hide one person behind its bulk, but that would be enough. He quickly ducked around it, while she came up to stand alongside, facing back toward the fields to keep an eye out. Nothing to see so far. She could hear him fumbling madly at his fly for an anxious moment, before the sharp zip, and the softer rustle of cloth as he pulled himself out. When she didn't hear an immediate splash of liquid, she couldn't help but look back in confusion. And in spite of herself, her gaze dropped right down to his penis, currently held pinched off by two fingers near the end. Oh! Most of it was hidden by his hand, but it still seemed to be a very respectable size. Certainly nothing to sneeze at. Oh... This was a bare seconds' view before she looked up at him when he asked in a strained voice,

"Is it clear?"

@@"Sorry!" Sarah quickly turned back and then answered, "Yes, you're good." Almost before the affirmative had even left her throat, there came the gushing splash of a long put off release striking hard at the base of the tree, followed by a loud whoosh of a breath leaving him. Her knees snapped closed with a whimper, hearing that powerful jet of liquid crashing to the ground was doing her absolutely no favors. The sound was hitting her much harder than she thought it would. This might have been a very bad idea. I have to just stand here and listen to him pee, oh hell, this is horrible. After that glimpse of his manhood, her brain could easily conjure the image of it in her mind's eye. And of course, with a fat stream shooting out, to match the hissing sound she could hear behind her. She moaned quietly, the sound lost in the tumult. Noo, that's not helping! Her imagination was getting away from her. Jason stood just two feet away, holding a fire hose, blasting out a high pressure stream ready to strip bark off the tree. She could see his bladder steadily shrinking inside him as it emptied onto the ground. Why won't you let me do that?! her own seemed to say. But she had no answer, the horrendous splashing was getting louder in her ears, drowning rational thought. The rainstorm carried on, drumming loudly on her brain and spilling into a stream running through her mind. She bit her lip and squeezed her eyes shut as the stream grew to a raging river, then the river began to flood over its banks... Thankfully, Jason suddenly piped up and interrupted the downward spiral before the rushing water could hit Sarah's underwear.

"Hooo boy... Oh, by the way, I don't believe I caught your name," he declared, still pissing his head off.

"He said, chatting up a lady with his dick in his hand," Sarah had to snark, though she was very grateful for the distraction. A puddle had formed around the trees' roots, creating an even wetter ambiance. Ohhhh, finish up! He just laughed, flying high from his incredible relief.

"What, don't girls talk all the time in the bathroom while peeing?"

"Maybe some do, but I always thought conversation was weird with your panties around your ankles. And it's Sarah."

"Haha, fair enough! But it felt too awkward just standing here in silence while this happens. Pretty name, Sarah. I'm Jason, or Uncle Jayce, if you're under four foot." And on the flow continued.

"Good to meet you, Jason. But this is definitely one of the strangest ways I've met somebody, gotta say."

"Same here! Heh. Buuut, real talk though. Friggin' embarrassing as this is, I can't thank you enough for helping me out, I was seriously about to lose it. If you hadn't come by when you did, I might have wet shorts right now. I think I might have even leaked a bit, that was so close. Felt like I was carrying a gallon in there, I just couldn't stop it. But ohhhh man, is this so much better!" Sarah winced and then shivered as her urgency spiked again.

"Yeah, I can hear that," she muttered, half to herself.

Jason must have heard and noticed her reaction.

"Gosh I'm sorry, this is probably torture for you right now." The splashing sound ceased and changed to the duller splatter of a stream beating against the tree. He must have aimed himself higher up on the trunk instead of into his puddle. "Is that any better? I'm almost done, I swear. I don't think I've ever peed this long before, geeze."

"Yeah, a bit better, thanks," It only helped a smidgen honestly, just the sound of rushing liquid at all, regardless of its impact point made her bladder want to join in with its own flood. A desire that only grew with each drop that left the young man she stood guarding. And on that front, there was still no one coming their direction, thankfully. She could see two small figures darting back and forth between the nearest ball fields, but they didn't appear to have any intention of approaching. Jason finally seemed to be running dry, the stream had lost its strength and she couldn't hear the hiss of it leaving his dick anymore.

@@"Ahhhh man, that's a load off," he said with a sigh. One final splash in the puddle, a shifting of clothing, a zip, and he reappeared next to Sarah at her post. He was looking far more relaxed now, with a pleased smile on his face. "Okay Sarah, you scratched my back. Your turn now." Oh, right. Sarah wanted to follow his lead –oh, how she wanted to!– but her anxiety was rearing its head again. If exposing herself in the shower with other women, where you were supposed to be naked, was hard for her to do, there was no way she could bare herself in public like this! The woods had the thick cover of foliage and really, had only been an idle fantasy anyway. But out here in the open... Even if Jason was on lookout, whom she felt she could trust not to look himself, there could be someone he missed, or somebody hidden out of sight. What if.. there was some voyeur out there just waiting for a young woman like her to pop a squat and catch it on video! Cameras were damn everywhere these days! She looked about anxiously, from the tree, soggy ground, across the field, back to the ball diamonds, then to Jason.

"I... I don't think I can," she admitted.

"Sure, you can. I promise I won't look, I'll even plug my ears if you want. I mean it's only fair. If you have to go even half as bad as I did..."

"Oh believe me, I do. But... but it's.. so in the open. I don't think I can.. I mean, I don't feel comfortable with..." She felt like such a fool, she was plainly in grave pee distress, and the opportunity was right here to solve her problem, but she couldn't bring herself to take it!

"Look, I.. You obviously have to go really bad, too. I know we literally just met, but I don't want you to have an accident if it can be avoided, especially after I dragged you over here and made you listen to me and wait even longer. The tree blocks you on this side and the rest of the park is empty, I can see it all. You gotta at least try..."

He was making a good argument. She had traveled through it all earlier herself, the park was empty tonight except for the crowd watching the games. The tree was easily wide enough to hide her. Behind them were just these few other trees and then open grass. She was just letting her fears get to her, there was nowhere for anyone to hide back there! Right here and now was her best shot at the relief she needed. The walls of resistance were starting to break down. But her bladder apparently sensed the hesitation and squeezed suddenly in her middle, causing her to lean forward and wrap her right leg around the left as she flung one arm out to latch onto Jason's bicep for balance. He caught onto her as well and looked on with concern.

"Whoa! Are you okay?"

"Yes!" She let go of him and unlaced her legs, "Okay. Okay! I'm going to go. Hold this. And don't look, please!" and tossed him her water bottle that he caught deftly.

@@"Of course! I promised I won't," he assured and turned away, ready to play sentry. Sarah shuffled around the tree, careful of the patch of mud he had made, and gathered her courage. Best thing now is to just do it fast, rip off the bandaid, you can do it. Just squat down and go. Easy. She took a fortifying breath and hooked her thumbs in her waistband. In a quick motion, before she could psych herself out of it, she slid down her shorts and panties and lowered into a squat. Despite the pressure she held, the nerves were still too overpowering and she remained bottled up. Just gotta relax, and the pain will be over. Then there's nothing to worry about. Just breathe it out. She screwed her eyes shut and tried to imagine she wasn't down on the ground in this unfamiliar position, but sitting normally on a toilet. There were no blades of grass poking her naked butt. No open air wafting against her heated vagina. In her own home, peaceful as can be. A window was open, so she was hearing the breeze blow the branches through that, of course. Everything is okay... just let it out like any other time...

...please?

"Oh shit," Jason muttered.

The flimsy illusion shattered.

The tiniest dribble was just easing into her urethra before her muscles instantly locked back up in fear. "What?!" Her eyes flew open and locked onto Jason's back. The meager few drops she had managed to force out fell unnoticed to the ground beneath her.

@@"My nephews saw me and are coming this way. I am so sorry, you gotta hike your pants back up quick!" Sarah did so with lightning speed, still acutely unrelieved, but also taking great comfort in being fully clothed again. Jason turned and stepped closer once he heard she was decent again. "I'll try to send them off, just keep holding on, okay? I'll be fast as I can," Sarah nodded and he disappeared to the other side just as two pairs of small feet could be heard thumping closer. She wasn't confident she'd be able to disguise her current distress under the attention of two young inquisitive boys. In an effort to keep as out of sight as possible, she pressed herself back flat against the tree, one foot up on a thick root to keep out of the puddle. And both hands held in her crotch. She was going to have to keep very still to avoid any noise giving her presence away. The pressure of her fingers would be a necessity. Then the feet were skidding to a halt and a young, out of breath voice cried out,

"I win! I got to him first!"

"Nuh-uh!" came the second. "I couldn't run fast cuz my shoelace is untied! See, look!"

"Not my fault! I still won!"

"Well hey fellas!" Jason interrupted, before the argument could build steam, "What are you doing all the way out here?"

"You disappeared, so we came to find you!" The first said.

"Why were you hiding behind a tree for? Is that lady hiding now?" Sarah's breath caught in her throat. Those two she had seen by the fences, it must have been them. They must have noticed her too, but had only come over when they recognized Jason after he took her place.

"What lady?" Jason evaded.

"The one we seen by the tree before while we were looking for you, but you weren't there so we kept looking but then we looked back here again and then it was you!"

Jason seemed to take a second to follow all that, and then replied, "Oh right, that lady! She had to go home for dinner," Footsteps got closer to Sarah's hiding place. She held her breath. No, no, there's nothing back here! "Hey, Caiden, I wouldn't go back there! Poison ivy all over! You remember what that is, right?"

"Yeah! Ew! That's gross stuff!" The footsteps retreated. Sarah could breathe again. Thank goodness Jason could think quickly on his feet. But please hurry up, this position is so awkward to hold. And this pee is harder to hold! She had to risk the tiny noise of swishing fabric to grind into her crotch for a moment. It was so difficult to keep still! A trickle of sweat slide down between her shoulder blades. She started to tremble.

"You got that right, bud. Hey, wait a minute, did either of you tell your mom you were coming out here?"

"Yeah, she knows! Look, she's right there!" one exclaimed and presumably pointed emphatically. Sarah felt her calf start to cramp.

It must have been true, because Jason said, "Ah yup, way over there on the bleachers. Give her a wave! All right fellas, you found me! I gotta make a call to work quick, so head on back to your mom and I'll be right behind you. Oh hey Caiden, let me tie your shoe first. ...There we go, now you're both evenly matched for round two. And ready, set, 1, 2, 3, Go!" And then they were off again, laughing, yelling, and fading into the distance. There was a pause, and then he spoke to Sarah.

"If you can wait just another few seconds until they get a bit closer, make sure they're not gonna turn around, then you're clear." Sarah pushed off from the tree trunk and fell into a crouch, finally able to get her back off that rough bark and put real effort into fighting the wave of urgency that'd been held at bay. She made a small gasp of relief at fending off the charley horse in her leg. That was close. Jason reappeared to check on her and found the poor woman huddled up on the ground.

"Oh hell. Did you lose it? Are you... going.. right now?" he asked anxiously.

"No, no, just had to stretch my leg," she said, turning a bit pink.

"Whew, okay, good. There shouldn't be any more interruptions, so you're free to try again. This time for sure." Sarah slowly unfolded herself from the ground and straightened back up before responding.

"I really appreciate your help, but I think I should just leave..."

"No, seriously, I got you. I'll go direct anybody else away myself if they show up. No more interruptions, I promise."

"No, I can't. I physically can't. I couldn't even.. start the first time. It's– I'm too nervous to do it outside! I just can't!" Sarah tried to keep the emotion from coming out, but she was just so damn frustrated with herself! She had almost pushed it out, but now she was too spooked to try again. Chest was aflutter with adrenaline at the near-miss of getting caught. Her pelvis hurt, sphincter muscles ached, her whole body was on tenterhooks from this ordeal, and it was all playing out in front of someone she kinda fancied. She knew she needed to, she definitely wanted to, but she just couldn't bring herself to do it!

Jason, the sweetheart, seemed to pick up on the deeper anxiety bleeding into her voice, even mixed in with the expected surface nerves of a screaming bladder, and grasped that this wasn't something she was going to suddenly push through with brute force.

"Okay, If you're sure... What are you gonna do now? Are you going to be all right? Like, I feel terrible, I made you stand here having it just as bad to help me out, and now you can't even get to go. Is there.. I don't know, somewhere I can drive you? What can I do to help?" Sarah could read the genuine compassion and earnest offer showing in his big blues orbs. A lesser woman could easily take advantage of the sort of kindhearted openness in a guy like this. She took a breath to steady herself.

"Thank you, but it's okay, I'm just going to head straight home, it's not far from here. I should be fine," I sure hope I'll be fine. She shifted her weight side to side, keeping still for but a moment was too difficult. "But I need to get going like now." she accepted her bottle he held out for her and began heading in the direction of the parking lot, but leaving him with a final parting over her shoulder, "I run here almost every day, catch me up sometime and maybe we can figure out how you can make it up to me. All right?" She said with as flirtatious a smile as she could manage to try and assuage his guilt. It probably came off more as a pained baring of teeth. But Jason didn't mind, he appeared a little surprised at the turn, but pleasantly so.

"Oh, Ok-okay! Uh, good luck! I'll see you around then!" Sarah caught his initial grin that changed into worry as he watched her go, before directing her attention forward again. At least there was something good to come out of that unexpected and awkward encounter. Far and away, the most damn bizarre way I've ever gotten a date. But at least they had begun on equal footing; they had both seen each other at a most vulnerable state. She still wasn't sure what made her open up so much with him on what was usually such a private matter; perhaps just wanting to find companionship with someone stuck in the same situation. But inevitably, her mind had to return once more to the reservoir currently aching between her hips, sloshing ominously as she continued through the grass back to the track. Looking ahead across the intervening area and only seeing a glimpse of her car's pale blue color was almost enough to make her want to cry.

###

*008*2023-07-13 22:23

The long trek back had been an exercise in agonizing endurance. More than once she had been reduced to a slow mincing walk as a wave of desperation flowed over her body. And terrifyingly, as she neared the last few yards, she was forced to stop altogether and brace herself against a tree as a particularly violent surge took her breath away. Her eyes bulged in panic and control felt on the verge of collapse. A few tears welled in her eyes as she panted and strained against the hot liquid trying to force its way out. She was all too mortified at still being in public to hold herself as she so dearly wanted. But instead just clenched muscles and pressed thighs together, shaking like a leaf in a gale.

Please, please no one be seeing this, Sarah thought. I must look like a frikking idiot standing here. It's so obvious I have to piss. Ohh fuck me! I'm so stupid! After a fashion, she felt able to move again and took a delicate step forward, then another, and another, until she mercifully reached her car. Hit unlock, opened the door, and threw the stupid bottle of pain into the passenger footwell. Gingerly, she settled herself into the driver seat, bladder shifting heavily inside, and then slammed the door closed. Finally with some separation from the world, both hands dove straight into her crotch to rub and push against her tiring peehole. A groan escaped her mouth at the slight relief the outside pressure gave.

Okay, you can do this. You can hold it. Just get home and you can pee. It's the closest option now. Just get home and pee. Just get home-... Fantasies of releasing an ocean of pee ground to a halt as her mind flashed through the sequence of events leading up to it. Up the driveway, shut off car, leap out, up to the front door, unlock it with house keys, keys, keys in purse, keys, purse, purse... wait.

SHIT. Did I... Pretzeling her legs tight, she leaned over to grab her duffel bag, now panicked for a new reason, and tore through the contents in a frenzy. Did I grab my purse?! I must have-... No, she hadn't. She couldn't remember putting it in. Too distracted by that desperate girl. It was still sitting at the bottom of a gym locker. In a gym that closes early today. Sarah quickly started the car. The clock lit up, blazing 8:17 into horrified retinas.

It can't be closed completely, it's not too far past, right? Right? Somebody must have stayed over a bit! Please let somebody still be there! Grab the purse and- And if you can get in there to get your purse, just use their toilet, you idiot! She wasn't thinking too clearly. If her back teeth were floating, her brain must be swimming as well by now. But with a little renewed hope at the possibility of a nearer toilet, she slammed into drive and sped out of the parking lot, left hand clasped in her groin and left leg pulled back against the seat. The few blocks flew by in a desperate haze and then she was veering into what seemed to be a very empty lot in front of the gym. Oh no...

Empty save for a single car and a man just tromping away from the front door, stuffing keys into his pocket. He looked up in irritation at the vehicle careening his direction. Sonuvabitch, another one. It stopped short, parked haphazardly across multiple spaces, and a young woman in a ponytail and athletic gear popped out and called,

"Hey! Are you locking up?" The man grunted in aggravation.

"Yes! Been tryin' to for the past fifteen minutes! People keep showing up cuz they forgot shit when they knew about it damn well ahead'a time. Lemme guess, you too?"

"Uh, yeah! I'm so so sorry! But I forgot my purse is in my locker and it's got my house keys and-" He cut her off with an impatient waving hand.

@@"Yeah yeah, whatever. I'll unlock it. Again. You're lucky I'm such a damn swell guy." He turned back to the building and dug into his pocket, muttering darkly to himself, only half hearing her repeated thanks as she approached behind him. It took a hot minute to find the right key on the ring, all the while the woman stood close by, shifting her weight constantly. He spared her a side eye as he gave the correct key a twist in the lock. Then motioned an exaggerated welcoming wave inside. She bent forward and raised her knee a bit too high for a moment before completing the step and shuffling in. Weirdo. His eyes were immediately drawn to her tight butt, lit as it was like a beacon in bright white short shorts, clenched tight and shifting back and forth above a pair of very stiff legs. ...but with an ass. Something was definitely off with her though, all her movements seemed jerky and stiff, and it looked like she was trying to sneak-walk half on tiptoe the whole time. Appeared to be a 20-something, who knew what was wrong with them these days. Whatever. She almost seemed a little surprised when he walked along beside her toward the locker rooms.

@@He doesn't need to follow me, it's not like I'm gonna steal crap or something! She glanced over and caught him watching her awkward gait with a confused, furrowed brow. Damn it, go away! This sucks enough without you watching me try not to piss myself like a child! She longed to reach down, squeeze herself shut, and sprint the final feet to the toilet, but obviously she couldn't do that with this guy right next to her! But she could make it. It was just a little farther and then she could PEE. The door was propped open, so she walked right through into the locker room. With the man still at her side. She was going to have to get rid of him somehow, but honestly, her body was so packed with piss, she wasn't sure she'd even care if he watched! As long as she could go! Well... let's not get ahead of ourselves, now. Stiffly she approached her locker, swung the door open, and the source of her drawn-out agony sat innocently inside on the floor where it had been forgotten earlier. Snatching it up, she turned back to the man now parked near the entrance with crossed arms. She glanced over to the toilet stalls, and took a step towards them. He wasn't going to leave until she did. She was just going to have to bite the bullet...

"U-um, if you wouldn't mind waiting outside, I'll be right out in a minute. I just need to, uhh..." She gave an embarrassed attempt at a smile and took another step toward the toilets. He blinked and made an expression as if he'd just realized something obvious in front of his nose.

"Ah, no... You know the water's shut off, right?"

She froze and stared hard at him while the blood seemed to drain instantly from her horror-struck face. Bladder throbbed in her gut. No...

"What?" She squeaked in a cracking voice. He couldn't have said that. Not now, not when she was so close.

He continued, "The owner wanted everything buttoned up 'fore he left on vacation during the revamp. It's all shut off. No toilets." She was going to scream. Scream out all the pressure and pain and frustration and rage in a long throat-tearing shriek. But instead, she played it off like she wasn't ready to kill him for this horrible trick the universe had just subjected her to.

"Oh! Right, okay, that's no problem!" A hot trickle of urine was suddenly pushing dangerously close at her clenched sphincter. She coughed lightly to cover a gasp of panic. "Then.. can I just check my friends locker quick before we go? She might've left something, too." And she turned to go in deeper to the next U-shape of lockers. There was no friend of hers with a spot over here.

"Fine, but no sneaking a piss in the showers."

@@Despite her current state and truly, deeply wanting nothing more than to do exactly that, she cried with righteous indignation, "You ass! I would never-!" He just snorted in response. Sarah heatedly turned the corner, and her mood pulled an immediate 180 as her urethra pulsed again with a sharp flushing feeling. Safely hidden from view, Sarah broke into a manic pee dance. Hands and purse stuffed hard up into her crotch, legs double twisted around each other, wriggling side to side as much as she could without toppling over. This was supposed to be her relief! It had been a long shot in the first place to expect anyone to still be around at this point. But she'd been ecstatic that her prayers had been answered and had just managed to catch the guy before he had left and the gym was locked for good. But here she was, inside her goal, right next to a toilet, and she couldn't use the damn thing! It wasn't fair! A few hot tears did come to her eyes this time, trickling down amidst drops of sweat, and she stifled a moan of utter dismay and pain. It was so close! She noticed movement from the corner of her eye and looked up to see a mirror on the wall across the room. The young woman reflected there was a pitiful sight, stray hairs flew loose from her ponytail, where they weren't matted down by the sweat that made a sheen on her pretty face. Flushed with heat and exertion and cheeks now marred by tears. The expression was a tortured grimace catching the corner of her lip painfully between her teeth. All above a moderate, but well-proportioned chest that heaved with short panicked breaths, in and out. Hands hidden crushed between her crossed legs, but arms keeping clear of the bulge pushing out of her lower abdomen. It was swelled out into a hard-packed dome, stretching out the slick material of her shorts waistband, making her appear almost pregnant with its severe volume. Sarah had to look away, seeing herself from an outside perspective only drove home the horrible state she was in. She'd gotten to the point where there was no way she could hide it anymore, no matter how normal she may struggle to appear. If she relaxed her fight for but a moment now, she would be shooting hot piss uncontrollably through her shorts. Even if she could manage to stay still for half a minute, the basketball of pee sticking out between her hips would give her away. Coming here had been a horrible torment. But she had come for her keys. And now she had them! The only place to go now was home. The gym was near the edge of town, and Sarah's house was just a bit further out than that. Just had to make it there, like she had planned to earlier, anyway; not a big deal...

Digging deep for any scrap of calm she could find, she tried to slow her breathing before she started to hyperventilate, and somehow found the will to force herself to untangle her limbs. She was no stranger to pushing herself to her limit in other areas, she could endure this. She could do it. She had to. Abruptly, she heard a voice behind her.

"You about finished?" Sarah yanked her hands out of her crotch and straightened up to a normal angle as she spun about to face the source of it. Her bladder shrieked at the sudden shift and the skin stretching tight over it. Humiliated shock warred with the exertion already painting her face red. She tried to cover it with anger and fixed him with a scathing look.

@@"Yes. She must've gotten it all," she answered curtly. The attitude was spoiled a bit when her right leg snapped up at the knee to cross over the left. Damn it, she had just about lost it all right then, standing up like that. She stomped her foot back down and pushed past him to speedily walk to the exit, balled fists and purse held stiff at her sides. Shit shit shit shit shit! How much of that did he see?! Stupid son of a bitch sneaking up on people, so fucking embarrassing, what the hell! Furious embarrassment could only fuel her for a short period, by the time she reached the front door, she was bent forward again. She just knew he had to be ogling her struggle, probably getting a real laugh out of the foolish adult woman squirming around, but ohhh, she couldn't help it! Try as she might, stretching her abdominal muscles to stand straight squashed her bladder to an intolerable degree, there was no way she could maintain a semi-normal posture, even for her spare scrap of dignity left. And even that was becoming tenuous. He grabbed the door first and held it open for her. There was a little courtesy, at least.

@@"Th-thank you for your help," she ground out, then passed him out into the fading sunlight. The lock clicked behind her and his footsteps fell away as he headed to his car. He'd caught her red-handed squirming and fidgeting like a tiny shameless child, there was no dignity left for her. Might as well just be done with it and wet herself right here in the parking lot. At least it would be over. No, I'm not that far gone. But it hurt so much! I am not pissing myself in public again! I won't! It was inevitable really, she was so tired of struggling, giving in would make it all stop. I can make it! Sarah growled softly to herself. She reached her own little car and maneuvered herself delicately into the seat, tucking the small handbag between her legs to squeeze against her crotch and the cushion, offering a slight bit of extra holding strength and freed hands to drive. Just the thought of stretching a seatbelt over her middle nearly made her lose it, so it was ignored this time. Engine turned over, shifted into gear, and out onto the quiet streets. A fact she was incredibly thankful for. All there was to worry about were the stop signs and speed limit that was ignored by a minimum of ten miles an hour. No cops, no cops, please, no cops. I cannot afford a delay right now. White knuckles gripped the steering wheel and ass shifted wildly in the seat, hopping and grinding her crotch down into her purse.

###

*010*2023-07-14 18:57

@@Sarah was just turning the last corner onto her road when the most dire warning signs began. Her already racing heart started pounding in her ears and she was beginning to feel light headed. Palms sweated onto the steering wheel that she futilely tried to dry off on her thighs, which were also breaking into cold sweats. A flashback to her last accident broke through her concentration, just as she pulled into her driveway. How her body had felt and reacted when it had been poised on the edge of losing all control. The trembling loss of conscious motor control, the fluttering of her sphincter muscle right before it failed completely, the sudden flash of heat throughout her whole body as the end came upon her. She suddenly knew with dreadful certainty that she was truly about at the end of her rope, no matter how she thought about it. Deep inside her body, her bladder was stretched nearly to its limit, walls thinned and taut as a drum. With no regard for its diminishing capacity, stomach and kidneys had since worked through the last of the water Sarah had consumed. All she had drank since early afternoon was now packed and aching in her bladder. Very soon, it would be overriding any attempts or desires the brain had otherwise and contracting forcefully to eject it's terrible burden. Wherever the body as a whole happened to be at the time. With a sickening lurch, Sarah felt her abdominal muscles clench against her will, and a leak escaped to spurt into her underwear. It was distressingly hot as it soaked in and dampened her intimates. She had a hand there in a flash, rubbing and pushing against her aching peehole. There was absolutely no time left to lose. With jerky swiftness, she shifted to park, shut off the car, and bolted for her front door, swinging out one arm to slap her car door closed. Left hand was glued to her crotch now, there was no way to stay dry otherwise. She hobbled up to her door. One shot of luck was with her, as her keys were on a carabiner clipped to a ring in her purse, so they were easy to pull out. The handbag now dangled from the key held tight in her grip that she stabbed at the keyhole. The first few tries just scraped around the outside, her hand was shaking so badly she couldn't aim properly, or see well enough through the tears wetting her eyes. Please, please! Taking concentrated focus on steady aim, she carefully lined up the key and jammed it home, twisted, and flew through the door like a hurricane, flinging key and bag to skitter across the floor. The door slammed shut right after her with a shuddering bang.

@@Safe inside at last, she rested her butt against the door and bent nearly in half, puffing and straining against the ocean trapped inside her. Never was she so glad she lived alone. This was a deeply personal kind of struggle to be borne in private. Sweat ran down her face and off her nose to pat softly onto the wood floored entryway. A worryingly intense heat was beginning to well up from her core. Breaths were hot and short to avoid filling her lungs and putting any more pressure on her abdomen. Her lower back was terribly sore from bending for so long and the exertion of holding herself so taut. She was beside herself with desperation. Floating in a barely coherent haze of unbelievable pressure centered square on her bladder. Now pushed beyond any wild dancing and contortions, she was at a point where everything she had was hyper-focused on her quivering muscles, the slightest extra movement could mean disaster. Somewhere in her mind, she was aware she was now home and had an open toilet just feet away, but it had to filter down through a spinning head. Another leak hissed out, followed by a pitiful whimper, and with a strength born of desperate urgency, she yanked her shoes off without untying and kicked them away. In her addled state, she yanked her shorts and panties off too, perversely more worried about the white fabric getting stained by any more leaks . A double-edged sword that reduced the time needed to put herself in a position to pee when she got to the bathroom, but also removed one of the mental barriers that kept her from simply going where she stood. For a brief instant in the midst of those frantic movements, her iron hold faltered and a small burst spat out to clatter on the wood floor. Two hands slapped securely over her naked vagina, one middle finger pushed inside, painfully firm against her peehole. Mouth opened and choked out a sob. She grit her teeth and bit back the rest. She–she had made it this far! She wasn't going to lost it at the... front. fucking. door! Hunched forward and up on tiptoe, she gingerly staggered her way down the carpeted hall, well-shaped glutes sticking out behind her, only able to swing her legs at the knee; it was too dangerous to part her thighs for even a moment. Each awkward step brought her closer and closer to her goal, porcelain salvation at long last. Her bladder seemed to tremble and throb at each tiny impact, its massive weight hanging out of her gut, gravity pulling it down and her forwards. There were no spare thoughts to be had, except a mantra of the target, bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom... until even that was drowned out by a sea of white noise that rang loud in her ears. Every inch that slowly passed was another closer to blessed relief. And with every inch, her hands and crotch became that little bit wetter. It was impossible to tell if it was leaks forcing through her iron grip or just the sweat that was cascading off every bit of her. It could be her body was trying to shed any drop it could to avoid filling her bladder any tighter. Everything was too numb down there to tell the difference anymore. Had she the notion or plain ability to at present, she could have found the answer behind her, in the sporadic trail of faint drops that had slipped between her fingers or in a narrow rivulet crawling down one leg to the carpet as she moved. Head and neck ached from prolonged tension. A delirious thought wandered down from a corner of her mind, fretting if this was all there was to life now; a never ending struggle of agony with no relief to be found. Trapped in a limbo of throbbing pressure only just being held back by a finger pushed painfully into her urethra. Her head was spinning, she felt ready to faint. And then absolutely soak the poor carpet on top of that. It's.. too much, I just can't take it any... Then her bare toes felt the cold tile of the bathroom floor. The realization cut through the trance long enough for Sarah to feel her body ultimately reach its breaking point. A hot tingle raced up her spine and her quivering sphincter relaxed

@@for a mighty surge of pee to rush into her hands, and with nowhere to escape, spurt up her front and out behind her, splashing loudly to the floor. This was it, the end. There wasn't the time nor mental energy left to even consider lifting the toilet lid and sitting herself correctly. It was all coming out, and coming out now. With a titanic force of will, she squeezed herself closed again just long enough to throw herself into the bathtub. She flung her wet hands up to brace herself against the wall, spread her legs shoulder width for stability, and finally, finally, let herself relax consciously for the first time in hours.

@@The torrent of pee that burst straight down from her with a grunt was an almost literal fire hose. Power enough to put any racehorse to shame. One could be surprised it didn't crack the porcelain coat on the tub. There was so much pressure behind it, the stream fanned out and widened as soon as it left her peehole, forming a thick deluge that hissed and sputtered with its velocity. Forcing the pee through a tube too narrow to handle the phenomenal weight pushing behind it. It thundered down into the tub below with an incredible sound that echoed loudly in the tiled room. Sarah felt close to a faint again. She heaved as deep a breath as she could and wept out her relief in moaning cries while her body flexed every muscle it could to force her bladder to empty as fast as possible, eager to be rid of its torturous load. She was still bent at the waist, bladder not having emptied near enough yet for her to straighten without pain. Her body felt frozen in place, knees locked, simply stood there waiting for the seeming gallons to gush out of her. With its unbelievable force, pee was splattering her thighs down to her knees and the splash-back from the tub bottom left her ankles and feet drenched in boiling hot urine. She could feel the heat of the stream radiating onto her thighs as it rushed down between them. Had the room been cold enough, it probably would have steamed. She pressed her forehead against the cool wall to soothe her heated face. The waterfall continued, until eventually Sarah felt a measure of relief begin to caress her brain. It had taken that long for her bladder to deflate to a reasonable level, that it could even register as shrinking. "Ohhhh, f-fucking finally!" She groaned raggedly. There was no way to time it, but it felt like she had been there for a whole minute, if not more. She took a full, deep breath, reveling in having the ability to do so again, and blew it out, trying to calm her still-racing heart. She took another just as the stream died off and the last bit pattered to the tub floor. A few solitary drops fell from her labia while she paused. Even now, it didn't feel like she was done, but it must be only a phantom pain; the stream had stopped on its own. Regardless, oh, the relief!

@@Knees feeling weak, she sat down heavily on the side of the tub, the cold touch feeling heavenly on her bare bottom. The sweat covering her was now starting to cool and wick away her feverish temperature. Her middle felt oddly hollow inside after being stretched so full for so long. She ran a hand over it, now flat as it usually was, and gently massaged her aching pelvic area. It was going to feel sore in there for a while, she suspected. That had been horrible, and yet.. incredible, in a weird way. It was all hardly believable, the torturous fullness trapped inside her body for so long, the fact that she had managed to keep herself dry in such a condition, and finally how long and how much had gushed out of her in the end. It was almost absurd. But she had done it. Weathering all the setbacks and torturous teases to make it all the way home, and if not to a toilet exactly... at least it wasn't all over the floor. She glanced over her shoulder at the splatter in the doorway. ...much. Unexpectedly, she jerked as she felt a sudden shock shoot up from her nether region as her pinky finger accidentally brushed near her hooded clit. The whole area down there was feeling particularly sensitive, as if she were extremely aroused for some reason. The blissful relieved feeling currently soaking in between her legs was morphing into a flaming desire. It almost had a logic to it, that after such intense and prolonged clenching of her pelvic muscles, coupled with the always pleasant release of urination, would stimulate her so intimately. A bit familiar somehow... But none of those thoughts even crossed her mind as Sarah felt an overwhelming need to make herself cum, and now. She almost had a thought to wonder why, but it didn't really matter, two fingers thrust deep into her vagina; it was already soaking wet down there, they slid in easily. They plunged in and out with reckless abandon as Sarah drove herself up to a mountainous climax as fast as she could. When that wasn't enough, she slapped her left hand onto her clit to rub and grind against it. Her hips rocked forward and back on the edge of tub, timed with the thrust of her fingers. Tiny grunts fell from her softly parted lips that slowly changed to mewls of pleasure that grew louder as she brought herself nearer to the peak. Her body felt like it was buzzing and crackling with a wild, primal energy. A much more pleasurable kind than had wracked her before. The whole world was pivoting on a needle point that she almost wanting to prolong, to stay teetering on the razor edge of sweetest agony that threatened to rip her mind into twitching pieces if she stayed too long. But the knife blade tilted, and letting out a strangled series of adorable squeaks, she crashed headfirst into an earthshaking orgasm. Waves of pleasure ran up and down through her body like electricity, pushing her into a chain of convulsions that left her shaking and gasping for air. After a timeless moment spent floating in a void of luxurious euphoria, Sarah slowly came down from her high and could refocus on the world around her. A deeply satisfied sigh huffed out as she slumped forward, breasts resting on her thighs, arms dangling to the sides. A pause. She shifted, then rested her forehead on arms crossed on her knees and stared down at the white, pee-covered floor of the tub, her unplanned makeshift toilet today. She breathed deeply through her nose, calming her racing heart for a second time. Trying to come to grips with the whole experience. Now that it was over, and the memories greatly tempered by the endorphins currently flooding her system, it almost seemed like all of the suffering and hysteria had been worth it to feel so high and light as she did right now. What a way to get here though... The quiet moment was interrupted by a tickling feeling in her bladder. Turns out she did have some left. Apparently it had finally relaxed enough after its abuse to push out the last of its contents. Sarah looked down at herself and watched it spring from between her engorged and slightly parted lips. The stre

@@am flowed out at a strong, but much more ordinary pace, a rate she would normally release on a day she wasn't breaking her neck for a piss. She languidly watched the stream project out a little ways before arcing down, speckling her feet with droplets once again. It carried on for a time; she simply sat watching it leave her body. Her bladder now deflated fully, the end of it trickled down the side of the tub, and she saw her vaginal muscles flex when she pushed out the very last drops. Empty. Totally, blessedly, empty.

Sarah straightened up and ran a forearm across her forehead, conscious of the pee and her fluids soaking her hands. She stood and stretched, back issuing a few satisfying pops as she thrust her breasts toward the ceiling. She remembered her headphones and cell on her armband, long forgotten in the madness, and set them on the counter top after wiping her hands on her shirt. The well-fitted white tank top and sports bra followed and dropped to the floor. Fully nude, she twisted the handle and the shower gushed to life, cleaning away the urine covering its bottom. Sarah stepped forward and the rush of warming water struck her face and chest, washing off the stress of the day.

###

And there we are. Thanks for reading!

Special thanks to pguy69 for the valuable feedback in writing this.

*014*2023-07-19 13:50

Thanks everybody! Glad y'all enjoyed it

