BMX unleashed

Author: kwamem

*000*2025-07-10 16:55

This is my first story ever published.

BMX bikes are not usually ridden alone. It takes away the main pleasures. For example, showing off your skills. Or watching and adopting someone else's, admiring it and encouraging your friend. Or sometimes laughing at some incompetent who does not try and repeats his mistakes over and over again.

But that day she was alone. It was the first weekend of the summer when her favorite company had completely dispersed. Some had gone to their hometown from the local college. Some of the locals had been taken on vacation by their parents to the seaside, and another pair, that is, a pair of perfect pairs in love, had gone on a yacht trip for about a month.

She was also a local, but she had no entertainment in sight until the end of the summer. Her parents had minor financial difficulties this year. It were short-lived, but the family's summer vacation was cancelled. As a consolation, she was given only this bike. She was an optimist and believed that everything would soon work out well. But for now, there is what there is. And today she is alone.

It took her only a week to get the hang of it and stay on the pedals confidently. Today she decided to take a small step on: to master the Barspin-360. It didn’t happen right away, but by a miracle she managed to make a dozen unsuccessful attempts and not fall once. And that was very good, because today she was without protection, and the idea for this trick came to her spontaneously.

So she realized she had mastered it. And now she enjoyed that fact.

It was a lovely warm day and she was in high spirits. She rode around her favourite park, lap after lap, not keeping track of time, doing the occasional Barspin. She was having a good time.

She was driving through the most deserted section of the park, quite a long one. The dirt path was surrounded by pine trees. The ground was covered with a thick, perennial blanket of old needles and dry leaves. Rare rays of sunlight broke through the high crowns of the pines. The pines were tall, mostly old and quite massive. Some of them creaked eerily, swaying in the wind, as if they were threatening to fall right on her head.

Ahead, on the right, something fast and colorful flashed from behind the trees. There was a loud rustle, and right in front of her, a tall guy jumped out onto the path, also on a BMX bike, almost like hers. Landing across, he did a Bunny Hop, turned sharply in the air and landed along the path. With barely maintaining his balance, the guy rushed forward, moving away from her.

"Show-off-guy!" she giggled softly. So that he wouldn't hear. She was sure that he had noticed her from afar and wanted to hit on her in this way. Instead of hitting on her simply and artlessly. Incidentally, she wouldn't mind some good company.

And she was not mistaken. After driving about 100 meters, he turned around. Again through Bunny Hop, how could it be otherwise? Then he rushed straight to her. When he reached her, he only winked at her and rushed past with a smile. She continued her movement at the same speed, expecting him to catch up with her from behind. This soon happened, and he rushed past again, not even trying to slow down.

She snorted contemptuously.

The boy ran towards her again and past her again. When he caught up with her from behind, he overtook her a little and finally stopped.

He turned his bike across the road.

"Hello!" he shouted. And he gave his name.

As she approached him, she suddenly thought that she did not recognize him. This was quite strange for their small village.

"Hello," she said, giving her name. "Are you trying to surprise me? Or just cover me in dust?"

"Sorry, I just . . ." and he fell silent, embarrassed.

"That's just how you meet people, right?" She frowned sternly, trying not to smile.

"Yes, that's one way," he replied.

They continued moving next to each other. Now he was in no hurry.

There was silence between them.

He seemed a little shy of her. She looked young, being of real age of 22, but at the same time she was strict and self-confident. And besides, she was dressed a little provocatively that day. It were a tank top with an open waist and denim mini-shorts. So mini that some people might find it indecent. From these shorts to the sneakers there was nothing at all, only her slender, slightly skinny legs, smooth and very light. Her black hair was cut very short. Delicate, slightly plump cheeks and a direct open look of large black eyes. Mascara on her eyelashes and a thin line of bright orange lipstick on her lips. Such types can usually brush you off in a jiffy if they deem it necessary. This was her trump card, and she was aware of it.

"I mastered Barspin today," she proudly shared her joy.

"Congratulations".

"But I don't know how to Bunny Hop yet."

"I could teach you," he said.

"Is it okay that I'm unprotected?"

"It's risky, of course. But we can start at the rollerdrome. There are smooth, soft tracks there. Even if you fall, you'll get minor abrasions."

"Well then, let's go!" she responded cheerfully.

He took it literally, and they raced past each other. Continuing to show off, he still fell a couple of times. At least he had protective gloves on.

While at the rollerdrome, he showed himself to be a patient coach. Polite and caring. They stayed there for quite a long time. He did not let her fall even once, rushing to her as soon as she landed after a jump. When she was about to do everything herself, he asked her to wait and not do it.

"Don't you want to see the scratches on my knees?" she asked with a sly grin.

"Nope, I don't want to. Come tomorrow at least with gloves. Or better yet, put on knee pads."

"You were going to be here tomorrow? I can't believe you'd come just for me."

"Yes, I will. I was going to come anyway. I liked the park."

"Aren't you a local or something?"

"Nope. I'm from Big City. I was sent here to my grandma. My grandparents' vacation was suddenly cancelled, and we were planning to go to Cancun."

"What a coincidence! The same thing. Only I wasn't even sent anywhere. I was just left without company for the summer."

"I see. I was just about to ask you what you're doing here alone."

"Don't be shy, ask."

"What are you doing here alone?" he asked, making a serious face.

"My whole company went on vacation. And my parents cancelled their vacation, so I'm alone this summer."

She couldn't help but giggle, and then laugh out loud. And he did too.

"Let's grab a bite?" he suggested. "I saw there was an open cafe around here somewhere. I just can't remember which way."

"I'll show you," and she jumped on her bike, lifted the front wheel with determination and did a Barspin. Then she accelerated the bike a little on the flat track and ... jumped her first Bunny Hop without assistance.

Then she stopped and turned back with a stupid happy smile.

It was obvious that he was very happy for her, and for his coaching successes too.

"You're something!" he shouted from afar. Then he rode up to her and made a sad, pleading face: "Just don't do that again today."

She nodded to him and touched his shoulder in agreement. By herself. For the first time.

"Okay," she said.

The open-air cafe was on the opposite side of the park. They took a table for two, sheltered under an umbrella from the sun. A pack of five nuggets and a large glass of cold drink for each. It was enough to feel completely happy.

"What kind of company were you with?" he suddenly asked, "Are they on bikes too?"

"Yeah. The same ones. One confession. And they are greater masters than me."

"And they show off too?" he smiled.

"In front of me? Nope," she smiled. "In front of each other, yes, sometimes. But generally they're quite adequate. I'm lucky to have friends here. I'm sure if you catch them back, you can become friends too."

"Cool," he replied calmly. She looked at him carefully. As if she was assessing how adequate he was on her scale of adequate.

"And we...?" he emphasized the word We. "Can we be friends?"

She shrugged. "Depends on what you mean."

She said it in such a way that he was embarrassed and did not answer. He focused again on her severity and beauty, which served as her protective suit and successfully repelled those who were too intrusive. But it attracted even more those who had already earned at least a short conversation with her.

"I didn't mean anything bad," he finally said, overcoming the lump in his throat.

And their conversation successfully moved on to sports-related topics, fortunately they found a lot in common there.

It was so warm and their rollerdrome workout was so intense that one large glass wasn't enough. So they ordered another.

Neither he nor she noticed how they sat there for more than two hours, chatting about this and that. And how they ordered and gradually destroyed a third large glass.

After the cafe, they returned to the rollerdrome, where she finally consolidated her new skill. Now she could do the Bunny Hop independently and confidently.

"Two tricks in one day! What a day!" she exclaimed out loud. "Never seen anything like it before."

He just looked at her with admiration. He could not find the words to share her joy.

About another hour passed.

"Let's go to the forest," he suddenly suggested.

She thought for a few seconds. Only now did she realize that she had fallen into a small trap.

She could of course tell him right now: "Nope, I have to go home, so bye-bye, see you tomorrow." He wouldn't even be offended. But somewhere in her subconscious, the thought fluttered that this day, or even evening, shouldn't end here. She couldn't explain it even to herself.

But on the other side of the scale she had something else. Something so heavy that it could easily have outweighed it. It was pulling her body down, she could feel it physically. It was inside her lower belly, but it was already felt by her whole body and it was disturbing her more and more. Three large glasses of cold liquid, drunk so boldly and carelessly. That was the trap. But she hated all traps so much that going towards them became her rule. That is what she did this time.

"Okay , let's go for a walk. That's enough training for today," she agreed and stood on the pedals.

The joy on her face gave way to slight anxiety and thoughtfulness. She tried to push away the disturbing thoughts and look at him as kindly as possible. But so that it wouldn't look too stupid.

The unevenness of the dirt path, previously unnoticeable, now echoed beneath her navel, then bounced off in waves in different directions. Sometimes the impulse was strong enough to bounce straight down, into her most vulnerable spot. The warm breeze that blew across her bare thighs intensified the effect. And in those moments, she couldn't think of anything else. Only about keeping the liquid inside her. And so that he wouldn't notice that something was wrong with her.

Her body begged to cross her legs together. But doing so made it impossible to maintain balance. So sometimes she sat down on the saddle and pressed herself into it. Pedaling from this position was hard, to the point of causing pain in her knees. When her knees got tired, she had to stand up. Standing on the pedals, she bounced her legs, trying to soften the impact of the ground, but it didn’t always help.

They reached a deserted area. The thick pine trees looked like something out of a children's horror story. Their shadows were long and mysterious, cast by the evening sunbeams. They passed the place of their first meeting and noticed a lonely bench with thick steel railings.

He stopped next to it and secured his bike to the railings with a retractable leash built into the frame. Such leashes are found on advanced BMX models. They allow you to avoid wrapping steel cords around the frame and risk getting caught on something. She saw this option for the first time and was slightly envious.

She put her bike on the ground and sat down on the bench next to him.

He didn't look as cheerful as before. He looked thoughtfully at the steep slope of the hill opposite the bench. Pines covered the entire hill, and the higher up, the denser the trees grew.

She sat down at a polite distance from him and stared at the forest too. When they turned cautiously to face each other, they found that they were doing so at the same time.

"How are you? Are you tired?" he asked.

She nodded thoughtfully in response. Not intending to reveal any details. And not having any plans for the next few minutes.

Then he looked into her eyes. Quite boldly. She looked down, embarrassed, for a moment. Then she gathered her confidence and accepted his gaze.

"Will you sit closer?" he suggested.

She raised her eyebrows in confusion. Her eyes narrowed again, and she shook her head slowly. But she continued to look at him.

He accepted the challenge, smiled, and sat down almost flush against her. His knee almost touched the smooth, fair skin of her leg. She glanced at his legs, making sure that the distance was maintained. Then she turned back to him and tilted her head coquettishly. Their lips began to move closer. He watched her dark pupils, assuming that she would close her eyelids, as girls usually did.

But she was special. Her bold, mischievous gaze was not going to hide anywhere.

Their lips touched. She smelled mint and tonic. He smelled sweet watermelon.

When they peeled themselves off each other, they simply leaned back on the bench and looked at the pine trees and then at each other.

"What a trap. We're not alone here," he said suddenly, looking somewhere past her. His eyes darted around.

She looked back. A group of elderly people strolled around the corner. They were talking about something and stopping occasionally.

"You don't care about them?" she asked.

"At another time it wouldn't matter. But right now they're really bad timing. To be honest, I was going to go behind the tree," he explained.

"A-ah," she said with understanding.

She noticed his knee bouncing impatiently on his raised toe.

"It's a good thing there aren't any other benches in this area," he said irritably. "At least they won't sit next to us."

She looked at the group. Then she turned to him and again, as before, gently touched his shoulder.

"They are already close. A few more minutes and they will disappear," she said softly.

He nodded back. She looked at his desperately bouncing knee again and grinned. He looked embarrassed, crossed one leg over the other and stood there, resting his hands on the bench.

Finally the awkward company passed them and disappeared around the corner. Then he stood up and stretched a little. Then he looked around again and crossed the path.

"Will you be here?" he asked hopefully.

She nodded and narrowed her eyes sarcastically. "Of course! It's the best seat in the stalls." And she looked up toward the forest, as if she wanted to tease him.

"Nah, there's no show," he said. "I'll hide properly."

And he quickly disappeared between the trees.

She was left alone and only at that moment did she wonder what she should do. On the other side of the path, beyond the bench, the slope continued downwards, but the trees there were much more sparse. She wondered if if she went down, no one would notice her from here. She stood up and headed that way. Her nerves trembled with renewed vigor, and her legs began to move in place. She looked down the slope and suddenly doubted herself. There was another path below, and several people were walking there. They might see me, she thought. She took a deep breath and returned to the bench, remaining indecisive.

She met him in complete despair, with difficulty feigning friendliness and ease.

Her fingers were squeezing and caressing her bare thighs. Even if he noticed it, let him think she was cold.

He sat down next to her. As close as he had been during their first kiss.

She noticed that he seemed much more confident and relaxed now. Good for you, she thought, you've gotten rid of your burden, and I haven't.

He turned to her and looked into her eyes. She accepted the sign. Hiding her anxiety and helplessness, she pulled her lips towards him. This time she closed her eyes and held her breath.

Their second kiss was almost over. As soon as the tips of their tongues touched, she felt his rough palm rest on her leg. Inside her thigh. Any touch there would have been sensitive for her. But at that moment, the liquid she had drunk was knocking at its gates, so that her skin there was like electrified.

His hand moved towards her mini-shorts. To give you an idea, they were shorts with no legs at all. A nervous impulse ran across the surface of her skin from his hand, slipped under her shorts and lashed her lower belly.

She involuntarily jerked her leg and moved away from him.

"That was immodest of you," she said, looking sternly straight at him. But she made no other gesture. So that he would understand that she was not driving him away.

"Was I hasty? Well, okay. My apologies," he replied. His hand was still on her thigh. He looked there without a shame and only then removed his hand.

"Not only that...", she said. And looked towards the forest from which he had just returned.

"Your going there. You teased me so much," she clarified in response.

He raised his eyebrows slightly, confused. She thought he might be questioning her sanity now. If a guy needed to hide behind a tree, and he did it in such a way that no one could see. Was that abnormal? Quite the opposite.

She turned to him, her lips pursed shyly. The bright orange lipstick had been destroyed by the kiss, leaving only the faintest traces on the edges of her lips.

She looked him straight in the eye uncertainly, blushing slightly.

"Yes, I need to pee too," she admitted.

He just threw up his hands, not understanding what his fault was.

"No problem. This whole forest, it's yours."

She looked at him incredulously. Then she looked at the slope. Suddenly she let out a groan and loudly slapped her bare knees with her palms. She lowered her head down, and then looked at him again, guiltily. He guessed that she really didn't want to do this right in front of him. But she couldn't help it.

She stood up from the bench and began to look around.

"I would keep an eye on your bike. You may go," he continued to persuade her. "It's very quiet up there. There's no one at all."

"You know, I've never done this before," she admitted.

"How do you ride your bike in this park?" he wondered, "And if you suddenly want to? Do you just cancel your walk and go home?"

She shrugged.

"It's none of your business, but I don't remember ever coming home because of it. Never," she replied.

He stared at her bare, bulging belly and tight shorts.

"Okay. It's cool. To be so strong and powerful."

She looked at him reproachfully, from top to bottom.

"I'm very ordinary. I just don't usually drink that many beverages at once."

"Oh, yes. I'm sorry about that."

"No, no, I don't regret it. They were very tasty."

They both laughed sheepishly.

"Stop doubting! Finally go!" he ordered cheerfully.

She took a step towards the forest thicket, but stopped.

"Hide behind a thick tree. No one will see you," he added.

"Even you?"

"Yes, even me," he replied and frowned.

He began to understand that the reason for her doubts was himself. However, she had every right to do so. After all, they had just met.

She looked around again, then suddenly picked up her bike and stood on the pedals.

"I remembered," she announced, "there was a toilet stall in that cafe where we were sitting. I'm going there."

He shrugged and followed her.

On the way, he took a position next to her and tried to talk to distract her.

She continued the conversation, but without the same enthusiasm.

"Thank you for walking me off," she said suddenly and completely out of place. "I need someone to guard my transport."

"What if I hadn't gone?"

"I don't know. I didn't think about it. I'd probably have to rush home. I can't leave it unattended. And I don't have a leash for my bike."

He looked sympathetically at her new, very simple BMX, without any bodywork.

"You should get this thing. It's useful."

"Now I know," she chuckled and looked down sadly.

He picked up speed, forcing her to pick up speed with him. Her discomfort was somehow transmitting to him, and he wanted her to feel better as soon as possible. He had pulled away from her by a considerable distance when they reached a place where a flower bed ran across the path. It had to be passed on the right or left. But it was nothing for him to do the Long Hop and simply skip over it.

She was no longer able to think about the pros and cons of such a trick. She remembered her recent lessons and, without slowing down, made a jump.

&&

He heard her muffled groan and hissed curses behind him. He stopped and turned, watching her approach. The pained expression had just faded from her face, and now she was simply grim.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

She nodded. Suddenly he realized what had happened.

"Did you jump too!?" he shouted admiringly.

"Yeah," she replied sheepishly. "But the landing was really hard."

"Yeah! Three achievements in one day! This is your day, no doubt about it!" he exclaimed.

"Looks like it. My day. Unless the wheels are bent."

"Go ahead and I'll check," he suggested.

She was already so embarrassed that he didn't even notice that she had become even more gloomy. She didn't want such a favor at all, but it would be so bad time to start an argument! Her thoughts were already carrying her to the rescue stall, forward with the speed of the wind.

And reluctantly she moved her bike forward. She could feel the wet fabric of her panties and wasn't sure if there was a dark stain on her shorts yet. And if there was, if he could see it. What she was almost certain of was that he wasn't looking at the back wheel of her bike, but at her slender thighs. They were quite restless at the moment. Every now and then they would suddenly pull together, their muscles contracting unnaturally and then relaxing.

She stopped after not even a hundred meters.

"I didn't notice any problem," he concluded.

"Have you looked at the wheel?" she asked with a smile on the corner of her mouth.

"Where else?"

She smiled reproachfully.

He frowned and shrugged. He had a reason to say something offensive to her, but he didn't.

"What's wrong? I was joking," she smiled.

He shrugged again and pressed his right foot down on the pedal. "Let's ride next to each other," he said.

They reached the central clearing of the park. The sun slowly turned red and fell towards the horizon.

The place was still crowded. Mostly, it was badminton and volleyball fans. And of beer hidden in sealed bags.

The cafe window was curtained. The tables and chairs were neatly stacked. The toilet cubicle was still in place, but there was a heavy lock on the door.

She assessed the situation from afar, but seemed to not want to believe in this failure and still reached the café.

As she passed by, she said nothing, only growled in annoyance, like a funny kitten.

He also did not comment on anything, so as not to add fuel to the fire.

"Can I walk you home?" he simply asked.

"Just to the boat station. From there I'll go alone, okay?" she answered gloomily.

"Will you be here tomorrow?"

"Yes, I suppose," she replied. "But if not tomorrow, then a few days later, what difference does it make? I have nowhere to escape from this village anyway."

He looked at her, hoping that she was telling the truth. She looked at him condescendingly. Then she pressed her lips together in shame and turned away.

They made a wide circle to return to the same forest path.

This time he didn't jump over the flower bed. They slowly circled it from different sides.

She glanced at him cautiously, expecting a teasing comment, or at least a mocking glance. But he looked at her delicately and neutrally. And said nothing.

"Well , I 'd "say . . .", she suddenly began. And then shyly fell silent.

"What?".

She pressed her bottom back into the low seat and began pedaling to distract herself from her despair.

"I won't get home on time," she said. "Could you look after my bike?"

"Yeah, no problem," he replied. His heart beating faster at the thought that they could be together for a while longer.

He jumped down to the ground near that very bench and locked his bike. She simply dropped hers on the ground and hurried towards the trees. Suddenly she turned around to make sure he wasn't following her. But he was already sitting on the bench, arms outstretched. He even managed to lift her equipment off the ground onto the wheels and locked it to his.

"I will keep an eye on it. No worries !" he shouted at her.

Some time passed. Then some more time. Overall, quite a lot of time has passed.

He began to look for her slender figure among the trees. She could have gotten lost, he thought. Then he stood up and began to walk along the path in different directions and look at the slope. But he did not see anything resembling a girl.

At one point, he even looked at the bench, making sure that her BMX was still there, and that she and her equipment had not been a figment of his imagination and had not suddenly disappeared into thin air.

He became slightly worried and began to climb up the slope. He listened, but heard only the occasional chirping of birds.

Finally, he noticed some movement among the trees, and then he saw her.

He began to approach the place, pushing away bad thoughts. For example, what if she tripped and hurt her leg and now she can’t walk on her own.

She hid between the trunks of two old pine trees that had grown together and a bush of thorny acacia, crouched on one knee, and did not react to his appearance at all. She looked straight ahead and slowly rocked back and forth. Her fists were tightly clenched around the waistband of her mini-shorts, trying to pull them away from her.

Suddenly she clenched her fists and pulled them to her chest for a few seconds. Her fragile hands trembled with tension, and she moaned. Then she grabbed her shorts with her hands again and finally looked at him.

&&

He saw that her mood was at its worst. She looked pitiful and helpless. She was almost crying.

"Why are you here?" she asked with irritation.

"You were gone for a long time. Are you okay?"

"I'm fine. Really. You can go home. We can meet tomorrow."

"I promised to look after your...".

"Leave it behind the bench, I'll find it. Just don't wait for me."

"But there's something else."

"Well, what else is there?"

"I was hoping for one more kiss."

Her gaze became softer, she even smiled. And she shook her head in refusal.

"I was hoping too. That this would be my day. But it seems this day is not quite mine."

He was silent for about a minute. What else could he tell her so as not to part?

"I'm sorry. See you tomorrow," he finally gave in. And stepped back to leave.

"Hey! No offense! My zipper on my shorts just got stuck," she suddenly announced loudly.

He froze in place.

"Will you let me fix this?"

"Well, try it!" she smirked. "But if you fail, you'll be my best enemy!"

He didn't hesitate for a second. Despite the unusual task and the stern warning.

He approached her, extended his hand to her, and with his help she stood up on her numb legs.

He knelt down in front of her and gently touched the fabric of her clothes.

The button of the shorts had been unbuttoned for a long time. The metal zipper was jammed at the very top, so the girl didn't even have a chance to pull the shorts down. He opened the zipper cover and then saw a dark wet spot. It started right under the zipper and was quite wide.

"Pretend you didn't notice," she said suddenly, covering her face with her hand. "I'd be much appreciated."

He felt so awkward, he even closed his eyes for a second.

"Agreed," he responded.

He tried to combat the problem in different ways. First, he pulled the zipper from the outside, which forced him to press on her tummy. She allowed him to do this, only occasionally grabbing the waistband of her shorts with her hand. But this method did not lead to success.

"Can I try it from the inside?" he asked.

"A-ah, do whatever you want. Just hurry up," she moaned.

He carefully pulled the waistband of the shorts towards himself and felt the back of the zipper slider with his fingers. He squeezed it and twisted it sharply, freeing the bitten fabric.

The back of his hand accidentally touched her taut tummy, and he felt the warmth of her soft skin and the fabric of her panties.

Finally, the slider was unlocked. Then he pulled the zipper and it spread out in different directions.

And then he made an unexpected gesture. It was like adding a cherry on top of the cake.

Pulling the hem of her shorts, he slowly pulled them down, almost to her knees.

Her white thin panties with pink waistband appeared before his eyes. Below the middle they were wet and therefore completely transparent. Through the fabric he saw her cute cameltoe, with smooth outlines and a thin dark line in the middle. It was a delightful picture.

He looked up and announced, "Done!"

She looked at him, completely taken aback.

"Did somebody ask you to do this!" she said as sternly as she could.

She was grateful to him and didn't want a conflict. But why did he do this to her?

"You let me do what I want. I'm just helping," he said.

She raised her eyebrows.

"You're a brave guy, aren't you?!" she said mockingly. "Or already going crazy about me?!"

He looked back down at her lovely womb.

"May be both," he muttered.

He reached down to her loins, hooked the waistband of her panties and pulled them down.

She clutched his fingers desperately.

"Please! Not here! Not now!" she whined, trying to stop his hands.

He froze and obeyed her command. She didn't tell him to go to hell. She said just not here. And not now.

He remained kneeling, holding her fingers gently in his palms. Her legs shook slightly in front of his eyes, even though she tried to keep them still. Her panties barely covered what they were supposed to cover.

"You have to stop. I feel so awkward. Please," she continued to beg.

He stood up, close to her, and looked straight into her face, still holding her hands.

Her breathing quickened and she closed her eyes.

"Okay, just once, just once," she whispered as if in a delirium.

Her slender fingers wrapped around his elbows, squeezing them and pulling them towards her. Her lips clung to his face, desperately, even a little harshly, and she began to kiss him randomly. He caught them with his lips and glued himself to them. He did not touch her with his hands. So that she would understand that she was free to stop this kiss whenever she wanted. But it lasted for quite a long time, even too long, considering all her feelings at that moment.

She pulled away from his face and looked boldly into his eyes. He could feel her desperate breathing, uneven, noisy and fragrant.

He looked down. Down there, her bulging belly hid the line of her lowered panties, and it looked as if she had no panties at all.

"I need to be alone. Please let me," she whispered.

Her fingers tightened around his elbows again and pushed him away from her.

He nodded and took a step back, unable to tear his eyes away from her shamefully crossed legs and half-lowered panties.

"I can hardly contain myself now. Believe me," she added.

Suddenly it occurred to him that she was at a loss for words to hurry him. He felt ahamed a bit .

A few minutes later she returned to the bench, agitated and sad. She was tormented by annoyance. The dark stain on her shorts had grown several times larger. That was the price for her grateful kiss.

No, she didn't run away from him as soon as he gave her back her bike. She simply stood on the pedals and slowly rolled along the path. He settled next to her, occasionally glancing at her. They both maintained an awkward silence.

"Forgive me. Let's forget about what happened to you," he finally suggested.

"Yes, let's forget it," she agreed and sighed with relief.

They drove a little further, and she suddenly said: "No way in hell."

"What?"

"No way in hell we'll forget about that," she said, and giggled. They looked at each other and laughed. After that, any glance in each other's direction reminded them of his offer, and then they began to laugh again.

They reached the boat station, where the border of the park was.

"Well, is it time to say goodbye?" he asked.

"Okay, you can walk me home," she sighed. "But I'll take the bypass of the town."

"For what?"

"I wouldn't risk riding around town in shorts like these."

"But I promised not to notice that they were like that."

"Well, it's only you," she whined sadly.

"Then let's go back to the park?" he suggested.

"Let's go! Let's ride until I dry off."

They carried out this plan. And that evening ended at his house. There was tea with his grandmother, with cakes. And then the grandmother went to watch her TV, and she didn’t care at all what these two BMX fans were doing until the morning.

They spent the next day alone and didn't even touch their bikes. They were experiencing a slight shock from what was happening to them and getting their thoughts in order.

But a day later, they met in the park and spent the whole day together. And the next day, too. And so on for two weeks in a row.

The next weekend they took a trip to the suburbs of the Big City. There, after leaving the cinema, he took her to a bike shop and gave her his first gift. It was a leash for her bike, with an auto-roulette. Now she became inaccessible to any shameful circumstances.

Then one by one her friends began to return, and she introduced them. They spent day after day in the same company. But in the evenings he and she were left alone, and that was enough for them. And they didn't parted.

I would love to say that they didn't parted so far. But that's not true. Just until the end of the summer.

By the way it's not so crucial, isn't it. Because there's no way in hell they'll both forget about this. And about that too.

