I Think my Boss Needs to Pee - Page 2

Author: knockonthedoor

*025*2021-10-27 16:56

{{4 hours ago, PeeHour said:

Probably my favorite part so far. I like how Mary-Ann seemed unfazed that both her and Karenna wet themselves, almost as if it were normal. Perhaps she was just doing that to defend her from embarrassment from Sarah - but I do like the idea of Mary-Ann and Karenna becoming comfortable enough to freely wet themselves around each other!

}}

When I wrote that scene, the idea was exactly like you said- Mary-Ann has experience at this point in wetting herself, so when she saw Karenna hadn't made it, she was trying to sympathize with her. Though she doesn't know yet about Sarah's comments, she will soon.

While it won't end up like Tori's adventures in "Told to", I can at least hint that the girls did bring their swimsuits on this trip

Lastly, and this question is for any other commenter as well, did I go to far with the humiliation aspect? It was my first time writing a scene like that, where a character is put off towards a wetting like Sarah was. Was it too much? Or just enough to still make the scene enjoyable? Or even not enough?

&&

*030*2021-10-28 01:07

{{1 hour ago, PeeHour said:

As someone who isn't really into the embarrassment / shame part of omorashi, I don't think you took it too far. It didn't take any excitement out of the story for me. When you warned us about the 'embarrassment' I was nearly expecting one of them to wet on stage or in front of the crowd! Maybe Sarah in real life would have reacted a little more tame, but her character does seem harsh and blunt so it still felt believable.

}}

I'm glad it wasn't too much. While I'm exploring it here and there, I don't think it will be a concept that comes into play all that often, so its nice to know what speed to run to make it enjoyable without absolutely destroying a character. Karenna might be shy but she's still strong!

I felt like having Mary-Ann wet herself on stage or Karenna peeing in her seat would have been too easy. I kind of like the set-up/unexpected payoff that can be generated from these stories. I plan to take this story somewhat in an absurd direction by chapter 5 or so, but to have set everything up to be believable. Your feedback, and anyone else's is very important, especially in the beginning. It'll make the story that much better! Don't forget, if you want to make a scene suggestion, I'm all ears!

*031*2021-10-29 09:02

A/N: While these next few sections are going to be way shorter than the 8k machine that was section 3.2, that doesn't mean they won't have more omorashi content. For those who are fans of Karenna, the next few sections will be integral in development of her character as well. As always, feedback and critique is not only welcome but anticipated! It's the best way to improve on anything in life. Also, suggestions for scenarios that you'd like to see written can be included in the interlude sections. Next Update will be on Saturday 10/30/2021.

Section 3.3: A Women's Nature

Mary-Ann rushed over to Karenna, the black woman had tears streaming down her face. Mary-Ann put a gentle hand on her back.

“Hey. Hey. Hey. It’s ok, I’m here.” Mary-Ann spoke in a soothing tone

Without saying a word Karenna spun around and hugged Mary-Ann. Her head rested just below Mary-Ann’s breasts. Karenna said nothing. She sniffled, unable to keep her emotions in check. As she hugged Mary-Ann, her fingers dug into her boss’s back. Through coughs and wails she could make out Karenna begging her with a word or two. Please and don’t seemed to be the only words she was capable of speaking through her sorrow. Mary-Ann held her and stroked her back, Karenna’s tears soaking her shirt.

Karenna’s breathing was still irregular even as her most dramatic convulsions were subsiding. In a whisper she uttered

“Please don’t fire me…I-I-I didn’t mean to.” The thought of Sarah’s words still stabbed her through the heart

“It’s fine. I know what its like.” Mary-Ann kept her answers short. She wanted to give Karenna time to cry.

Instead loosening her grip on Mary-Ann; Karenna held her tighter. Her emotions shifted from worry and fear for her future to thankfulness and appreciation for her boss, her friend. Her pants were still damp, and as she rubbed against Mary-Ann’s, her shirt began to absorb some of her boss’s pee stain as well. Even as her breathing returned to normal, she still whimpered, finally releasing Mary-Ann from her embrace. She looked at the ground, not wanting to meet Mary-Ann’s eyes. Breaking the silence first, Mary-Ann spoke softly

“Do you want to talk about it?”

Karenna nodded. As she walked towards the couch in the middle of the living area, she wiped her tears. As she sat down, her damp khaki’s pressed against her butt. She felt cold as her pants were far from drying, but the shiver that ran from her genitals up her back was different. Her cold pants and the sight of Mary-Ann’s, as she sat down, intrigued Karenna. She could just make out Mary-Ann’s panties through her pee soaked pants. Her boss sat on a chair facing Karenna, and spoke first

“You know the mind is a funny thing Karenna. I would never fire you for something like this.” She motioned to her own pants. “And it’d be just a little hypocritical, don’t you think?”

Karenna nodded “It’s not just that though. Sarah said…” Karenna felt tears welling up in her eyes as another wave of emotion came over her.

“She called me an animal.” Karenna stared to cry again “Said t-t-that she w-was embarrassed that she’d have to tell you…” Karenna paused, unsure if she wanted to repeat the phrase. The only sound between the two women was the whimper of a distraught Karenna. She wanted to tell Mary-Ann the whole story.

“She said she’d have to tell you that I pissed my pants.” It felt good to say it “And that when I got a new job- she hoped that I could make it through the first day without p-peeing my pants.” It was still hard to say

“I guess I would make a bad candidate by her criteria.” Mary-Ann smiled. She got a snort out of Karenna. “I’m sorry she yelled at you like that-“

Karenna interrupted her, anger at the entire situation forced her to speak out. She wanted Mary-Ann to be angry at Sarah too.

“No! It’s not just that. S-she made me tell her my age. Said that I’m 23 and she shouldn’t have to be the one telling me to stop peeing myself.”

The forcefulness of Karenna’s words made Mary-Ann tread carefully, but she still spoke honestly “She doesn’t have the right to talk to you like that. And she shouldn’t have made you feel like I was going to fire you. I know what it’s like to think that you might lose a job-“

“No you don’t!” Karenna covered her tearing eyes with her hands. “You don’t know me. You…you don’t know…” Karenna was choking on her own tears. Mary-Ann let her speak. “You don’t know what this means to me…” She wiped her hands away and looked her teary eyes up at Mary-Ann “You don’t know what you’ve meant to me.”

Mary-Ann didn’t know what to say. She tried to stammer out a thank you but Karenna continued to pour out her emotions. Her voice was raised to a level Mary-Ann had never heard from her

“Do you know what its like…To grow up, to…to feel like no one cares about you? That everything is made for you to fail. That is there is no hope?” Mary-Ann stayed silent as Karenna’s voice cracked and dropped again

“To be made fun of and called names- because you’re too smart? To have nothing to return home to? To…to have a b-brother…” She stopped to cry. Karenna put her head back in her hands. She continued to cry for a while, all the while Mary-Ann tried to give her space. Yet she couldn’t help but feel like Karenna needed to emote, and wouldn’t without a light press from Mary-Ann.

“You don’t need to tell me if you don’t want to. If he hurt you-”

“No. No, not me. My grandmother, he robbed her. Beat her when she wouldn’t give him any money. He hated me too. Do you know what it’s like to come home scared every day? That might be the day your own brother snaps? That he might hit you again? I-I’m sorry. Y-you don’t want me to tell you all this.”

“I’m listening as long as you need me to.”

Karenna tried to thank her boss, but choked on her tears again. An ugly cough was the only noise that she made. She sniffled and stymied her tears and continued

“I needed something. Anything to get me out of that house. Off that block. Nia had basketball. I didn’t have much. I found your ad for a sales position. I-I lied on the resume. Mary-Ann, I lied to you to get out of there. I had no college, no nothing. That wasn’t my GPA. I’m…I’m sorry. I am. But you understand?”

Mary-Ann nodded.

“Those first few months. You did what you said. You trained me, you helped me when I didn’t understand something-“

Trying to stay humble Mary-Ann argued “That’s what every good employer does.”

Almost yelling at her Karenna shot back “Can you just TAKE a complement?” Her voice now nearly shouting “You don’t even."

She paused. Unsure if she should be this vulnerable. She lowered her voice

“You can’t know what its like to be less than dirt. To feel like if you were gone tomorrow that no one would care. That they m-might not even notice.” Karenna felt her tears again. Just behind her eyes.

“You were the first one. The first person I could point to and say that she gave a damn about me. Every Friday. When you tell me to ‘be safe and make the right choice’. I know its small to you, but. Mary-Ann. Thank you. Thank you for caring.”

Both women now had tears running down their cheeks. With each in cool, wet pants, they were nearly a mirror image.

“You were the first person I wanted to get up and impress. I want to be like you- I..I want you to be proud of me.”

Mary-Ann could hardly whisper though her own emotions “I am. D-don’t you worry about that.”

The two shared a smile as Mary-Ann wiped her face. Karenna swallowed hard as she continued her story

“T-to be told that you would…that you would hate me for this or…or that you would fire me.” Karenna looked down at the floor. “It hurt. It hurt bad enough that I wet my pants but to be told that you would hate me for it...”

“You know that’s not true. Hey, it was me who did it first anyway.” Mary-Ann smiled

Karenna smiled back, her emotions starting to be back under her control. “Yeah. But I still feel like…like I let you down. Sarah said that I carry your name with me as long as I’m your employee. She’s right. I don’t want to ruin your reputation. I-I don’t want to let you down.”

“Karenna. I had no idea, I really didn’t. And you’ve been the best person for the job. I really think your one of the main reasons for my success. I feel like I can just be honest with any idea with you. That you don’t just want to make me happy- that you care about telling me the truth. And, to be honest, I was so scared of losing YOU a few months ago.”

“Really?” Karenna’s voice came out in a squeal, surprised.

“Uh-huh. Here- I had just finished peeing…though my pantyhose” Mary-Ann again motioned to the current state of her legs. She was trying to connect with Karenna, but it didn’t mean the story was less awkward to tell.

“And for probably 3 hours I was just hoping that I could hide until you left. I mean, I had ruined that rug, my underwear, everything, and then Donavan just had to call.”

Karenna giggled, recalling the story

“So I just tried to walk really fast so that you wouldn’t notice.”

Karenna laughed “There was no hiding that!”

Mary-Ann snickered too “But as soon as you asked- I thought it was over. I thought that there would be no way you would respect me or want to work for me after that.”

“Honestly, my first thought was to try and help you. It’s just…I want to be like you. I look up to you. You don’t get to where you are by peeing your pants.

Mary-Ann was about to say something about it, but decided against it. Instead she asked

“I’m really glad we had this talk. But I’m sure you want to get out of those. Mine are freezing.”

Karenna agreed, as the two stood up, Mary-Ann initiated another hug

“Listen, I really didn’t know what you were going through. I’m sorry I haven’t done more. You know you can call me anytime- about anything. I really see you as a good friend.”

They smiled at each other as they broke the embrace. As Karenna walked towards the bathroom, her shoes still squeaked on the way over. Mary-Ann felt like she had to pee again. Wanting to give Karenna some time, she decided to wait. She grabbed her book on psychology and leadership off of the table and sat back down in the now damp chair. Her legs were still cold.

Karenna shut the bathroom door behind her. In the mirror, she finally got another perspective on how she looked. Not only was the crotch of her pants soaked, but the stain had traveled the entire length of her thighs. She turned around. From halfway up her butt to the backsides of her legs were completely stained. Turning back around, she put her hand back in front of her crotch. Like fitting together the pieces to a puzzle she could see how her pee had hit her hand and tinted more of her pants space. She put her hand on her crotch. The coolness of her wet pants contrasted with the heat of her womanhood.

A sensational wave of pleasure ran throughout her body. She crossed her legs, repeating the pose she had been in not an hour before. With her now wet pants, the pose made her feel different. What if she had lost control in front of Mary-Ann instead? If Sarah hadn’t have been there, would Karenna have enjoyed it? Karenna wanted to bury the thought. But she couldn’t. What if Mary-Ann had been comforting her while she was wetting? Mad at her own lust she took off her shirt and bra. Turning on the water, she scolded herself for even thinking of her confidant that way. But she couldn’t deny her arousal.

Mary-Ann had been subject to the sounds of the shower for nearly a half an hour. While it had distracted her from reading, it also had amplified her need to pee. While certainly not desperate by any means, if she were alone, she would have already gone by now. Putting her book back down, she reflected on her conversation with Karenna. She had always wanted to be a good boss, but now she felt different. Now she wanted to protect her. She wanted Karenna to know that others cared for her. That others could respect her. And though Sarah had helped Mary-Ann in owning her own mortgage company, what she had said to Karenna stuck with Mary-Ann. Did she feel the right to talk to her employees that way? Maybe she spoke to her own staff that way, but to insinuate what actions Mary-Ann was going to take? Mary-Ann exhaled.

A small voice in the back of her head told her that she had failed. Failed as a leader and as a boss. Karenna’s ego and self-esteem might have been ruined by some rich woman who had everything handed to her. And what had she as a leader done? Nothing. She had been passive, she let Karenna talk and took no action. She decided to change that. Taking out her phone, she made a note to call Sarah as soon as she got back, but for Karenna’s ego she was a little puzzled. A talk about her astronomical sales numbers would be enough if it was work related but this was personal. Mentally, she thought through their conversation. Karenna had said something at the end. You don’t get to where you are by peeing your pants. Taking from her book notes, Mary-Ann decided she would teach by doing.

She waited until she heard the shower water stop. Standing back up, Mary-Ann walked out to the balcony. Opening the sliding glass door, the warm of the western sun showered her body. It felt exquisite on her body. The concrete terrace was guarded by a stucco wall, high enough to keep pets, children or drunken adults from falling 30 stories down. Leaning back against the wall, Mary-Ann took in the sun, and watched for the bathroom door to open.

Karenna was clean but she couldn’t shake the downtrodden sentiment that had stuck with her. As she slipped on her dark jeans, she shot a glance over to her ruined khakis. Hi my names Karenna, and you should use me as your mortgage broker because I piss my pants. Somehow she didn’t think she’d be successful with that reputation. Maybe Sarah was right. Maybe she couldn't represent her field that well if she couldn’t even control herself. As she opened the bathroom door, she hoped she and Mary-Ann could drink tonight. She wanted to forget.

That was her cue. As the bathroom door opened, Mary-Ann could just make out the shape of Karenna’s body. If she let go now, she was sure it would still be obvious enough to her friend. As she had done numerus times, Mary-Ann relaxed her bladder. Almost immediately, her cold pants were refilled with hot pee. Her already wet pink panties quickly overflowed as her bladder began to drain itself into them. The warmth heated her damp legs as it blossomed out of her groin, and spread down her already damp pants. Her new flowing urine followed a nearly identical pattern as it caused her pants to be completely see through- her pink panties were now visible as a small stream fell directly into them and through her already ruined pants.

“Nice day still, isn’t it.” One of the neighbors had come outside.

Her lower half still invisible, Mary-Ann turned towards him. Still peeing.

“Yeah, it’s quite warm.”

The man must have never saw her. He was speaking to his wife. He quickly waved at Mary-Ann before ducking back inside. Laughing at herself for the awkward interaction, Mary-Ann wondered if he heard the splattering of her urine on the concrete. Even if he did, there was no way he could have known why that sound was audible. Turning back around, Mary-Ann was finishing peeing her pants. She manipulated her toes in her puddle as her pants started to cool again. Karenna was walking towards the sliding door.

As Karenna opened the door, it slid open with ease, allowing her to feel the warm sun almost immediately. She was surprised at how cool the concrete still was on her bare feet. She observed the skyline for a moment. It held some beauty to her. She looked at Mary-Ann, intending to ask her if they could hit a bar. She was taken aback by how noticeable her boss’s panties were. The pink color was obvious in her wet pants. But Karenna noticed how glossy they looked. Curiously, she looked down, a dark puddle at her boss’s feet.

“Did you-“

“Pee my pants again? Yes. I didn’t know how long you were going to be and I had to go. Couldn’t do anymore damage, could I?”

“No. I guess not.”

“You know a guy came out here while I was going. He had no idea I was wetting myself.” Mary-Ann smirked

Karenna didn’t know how to respond. Mary-Ann took the reins.

“I don’t think it effected my sales one bit. In fact, if he did notice, he certainly didn’t seem to care.”

Karenna nodded. Mary-Ann prodded some more

“Even though I just peed my pants, I still think I’m going to be successful.”

Karenna was still silent. She wasn’t sure how to feel.

“But you know what? I still know you’re going to be successful. Even if you peed your pants too.” Mary-Ann smiled

Karenna smiled back, overcome by what Mary-Ann was willing to do to cheer her up. Finally she knew what to say

“I will be.”

*032*2021-10-29 16:19

{{On 10/27/2021 at 2:10 PM, dbeornssen said:

I found it enjoyable - I think the contrast between Sarah's reaction and Mary-Ann's will be interesting for Karenna to encounter/deal with (or perhaps even for Mary-Ann to contend with). But I don't think it went too far.

}}

I’m just seeing this, sorry for the late reply. Thanks for letting me know to what degree to take the embarrassment, it will happen again, so I wanted be sure I got that right. Hopefully section 3.3 was a great display of that contrast that you noted- it was partially my intention to show different leadership styles

*033*2021-10-29 16:28

{{3 hours ago, PeeHour said:

Loved it! Great characterization. I liked how Mary-Ann comforted Kareena while they were both still in their soaked pants, and your descriptions continued to remind us they were both still wet. And the rewetting on the balcony - acting as if nothing were happening as her neighbor greeted her.

Plus the ending: "I will be." As in successful? Or as in peeing her pants again? (Hopefully both!)

}}

Well, I’m sure Karenna meant it as “I will be successful” and I’m sure she will be. But I think her jeans in the next section might make that phrase mean something else!

It’s a personal fantasy of mine to be having a conversation with a girl in casually wet pants, which is what I wanted to play with here. The only way I felt like the scene was going to work is if I kept describing it. I’m glad it worked out ok!

*034*2021-11-01 10:00

A/N: Despite the peeing and wetting scene (For those who are fans of Mary-Ann, this ones for you!) I couldn't help but feel like this one was a little rushed in the middle. Let me know if it feels that way to you. I also feel like the end of the Bar scene doesn't connect well the the final set piece in the hotel- like I missed on some major opportunities. Next update is planned for 11/4/2021

Chapter 3.4: A Good Compromise Leaves Everybody Mad

“Ready?”

“Just about” Mary-Ann was adjusting her lipstick in the mirror. “Hey, if you bring a guy back here, am I just supposed to sleep in the cold?” Mary-Ann walked out of the bathroom- Karenna admired her boss’s light jeans

“I was going to ask you the same thing. You’re the celebrity here, I’m sure you’re going to get plenty of attention.”

The two of them exited their hotel room and started down the hallway.

“I’m just looking to let lose a little. Besides…” Mary-Ann’s voice trailed off as the two stepped into the elevator. The doors closed behind them

“You’re still waiting on Tyler to call you?”

As the elevator started to move towards the ground floor, Mary-Ann affirmed it. Karenna tried to get Mary-Ann’s mind off it

“Who knows, maybe you’ll find someone here? Tyler’s a little bit of a moron anyway. He could have just forgotten.”

As the two stepped off the elevator, Mary-Ann couldn’t help but feel like he had seen her. It was just after she had just peed her pants for the first time outside. It had been so daring, fun even. But at the cost of her potential romance and her reputation, she had vowed to never do it again.

The afternoon sun was warm, much warmer than it would have been at home, as the two friends walked a block or two. It was the hottest bar in town, or so they had been told. Karenna observed the roadway and rather open sidewalk, commenting

“For a resort and casino, there really isn’t much too this town.”

“I’ll be honest Karenna, I don’t love cities all that much, this is more my speed.”

“I’ve never really known anything else.” Karenna looked up a Mary-Ann, her blonde ponytail swaying “And my friends call me Kar.”

Opening the door for her, Mary-Ann smiled “Well, I’m happy to be hanging out with you Kar.”

The well-lit bar could be summed up in a word. It was modern. Fancy-shaped lights gave off a blue hue and added much needed light to the black paint that covered most of the walls. The windows were more than wide and tall enough to let the early evening sun in. For the time of day, the place was bustling. There were some open spots at the bar, though not many, and a few community tables with room in front of a small stage. Next to the stage were a couple of arcade cabinets, which had attracted a few people. Mary-Ann walked towards the open bar, while Karenna ventured towards the arcade machines.

“You just want to meet back up later?” Karenna asked

Mary-Ann nodded and made her way towards a bar stool. She ordered a Gimlet and watched the band set up. The bartender was cute, but with the amount of people at the bar there was little chance to talk to him. As the main door opened and closed behind her Mary-Ann figured she would just wait for someone.

Karenna stood in line at the quarter kiosk. While not sure exactly what she was going to play, it didn’t really matter if she could find a group. That was the game in of itself. A game which didn’t last long. The girl in front of her turned around and looked over Karenna’s shoulder. Obviously she was looking for someone, but Karenna admired her goth look. A short black skirt that tied together her fishnets and black platform heels. As their eyes met, Karenna nearly got caught looking at her cleavage.

“Are you any good at Firestorm?” She asked Karenna

“No, never played- I’m more into Time Warriors. I was actually hoping to find someone to play it with”

“Looks like my friends ditched me. Tell you what, if you can beat me in Firestorm, I’ll play you in Time Warriors.”

Karenna agreed, though she was expecting to only play one game at least it was one game with a cute girl.

Mary-Ann wasn’t alone for long. A slightly older gentleman sat down beside her. Ordering a cheap beer he turned to Mary-Ann and slid her a dollar.

“Dollar for your thoughts.” As corny as it was, Mary-Ann was impressed by his confidence.

She tried to overpower him with her response

“I think the Fed is making a huge long term mistake by keeping interest rates where they are. It would hurt now, but I think we’ll be a lot better off if we raise them.”

“Yeah, but I’ll take my profits now! Let some other loser sink.”

Crude, brash and reckless. But smart enough to understand his gamble. Mary-Ann was intrigued as she ordered her second Gimlet and a water.

The machine beeped and buzzed in its 8-bit charm, and though Karenna hadn’t played it before, moving the spaceship at the bottom of the screen and shooting nondescript dots was easy enough. Her first life seemed to go on forever.

“I guess beginners luck is real” The goth girl chortled. “You’ve earned the first round, they’ve got a killer braggot here.”

Before Karenna could ask what a braggot even was, she was off towards the bar. The screen flashed, using all of its 256 colors to congratulate Karenna on reaching 10,000 points. Regaining her focus, Karenna dove back into the old game.

Her second water was done, her shot of Bacardi was down. Mary-Ann had to pee. Glancing over towards the bathrooms, she could see a small line of girls forming. She hated breaking the seal, but if she didn’t, she might be in worse shape. The band had started to play, they were loud. The man she was talking to had asked a question and was waiting to hear her thoughts.

“Sorry it’s a little hard to hear. What did you ask?” She shouted over the band

“Do you like sports?” A generic question. But enough to distract her.

“Sure, I like some, but only really when the teams are in the playoffs.” She crossed her legs, discreetly pressing her hand into her crotch

“C’mon now, don’t tell me you’re a pink hat!”

“I’m sorry?”

“You know, fair weather fan, a bandwagoner?”

“I do have more important things to do than watch sports.”

“Of course- but you got time for fun, don’t you?” He asked in a smarmy way.

“With the right people, sure. Excuse me.” That was enough of that.

Slapping 60 dollars on the bar, Mary-Ann left, telling the bartender to keep the change.

“Don’t be like that sweetie.” The man desperately tried to win her back as he pulled out a cigarette.

Turning back Mary-Ann shook her head at him. He got it. There was a well lit ramp that led to the restrooms. Joining the line, Mary-Ann hoped to spot Karenna. When she couldn’t, she put her back against the wall and sighed. The line wasn’t moving any faster, but her bladder was.

Karenna had done well, with a score of nearly 30,000, but this girl was clearly experienced. Watching her score cross 15,000 Karenna knew she was watching the end of their brief time together. At least the beer was good. While not a beer drinker herself, Karenna at least enjoyed the sweetness of whatever it was that the girl had gotten for her. It was sweet, almost like a stronger soda. The other girl had already downed hers. At least her first life had just ended- but Karenna noticed that she was pressing herself into her arcade machine. Karenna got a nice look at her breasts. Pale, like the rest of her skin, they were not much larger than Karenna’s. But the tight black top did a wonderful job at firming them up. Karenna took another drink. As girl passed 22,000 points, Karenna couldn’t help but notice her leg bouncing ever so slightly

Mary-Ann pretended to rub her back against the wall, with her legs crossed, maybe she could pass it off as some sort of dance. Not that it wasn’t a dance, it was just more to the rhythm of her filled bladder than to the beat of the band. Slouching slightly forward, Mary-Ann was about to hold herself when an older woman in a yellow dress got in line behind her. Removing her hands from her swollen abdomen, Mary-Ann smiled. The woman beamed back.

“Excuse me- are you Mary-Ann Adimari?”

“Y-yes” Mary-Ann’s voice was weaker than she expected. Strained. She reached out her dominate hand to shake.

The woman looked to be between 40 and 50, her face was just as fake as her boobs, but she seemed friendly enough.

“I loved your talk. It sounds so great to grow up in the country. You must have really have looked up to your father.”

“The country is…different from city life for sure. You can kind of do what needs to be done without distraction.” Like squat in a bush.

Reminiscing about her time in the fields made her wish she could go back. If only to find relief. She cursed her early buzz. She never wanted to stop drinking once she started. And now she had to pee. Way past the point where it could be fun, her slightly swimmy head didn’t help much. While she appreciated the idolatry from this woman, it was becoming harder and harder not to hold herself.

The goth girl was on her last life. But Karenna knew she was going to win. With just 2,000 more points, their time together seemed to be coming to a close. But then the girl drove her character into one of the opposing ships, ending her game. It was obvious she had done it intentionally.

“Hey looks like you got it. You got me for Time Warriors.” The woman sniffled and scratched at her neck.

“Good call on the drinks, what did you say that was?” As the two walked away from the machine, the goth girl replied

“It’s like a beer with honey in it. Speaking of, I could use a trip to the bathroom though if you don’t mind.”

“Sure, I could go too.” Karenna didn’t really have to, but she wanted to spend some time with whoever this girl was.

The two made their way towards the bathroom, and Karenna spotted Mary-Ann near the top. The line was starting to snake towards the bar. She offered an idea to her acquaintance.

“My friend’s at the top- you think we can cut, uh…” Karenna didn’t know her name

“Sorry, I’m Erin.” She giggled. “If you think we can cut, that’d be dope!”

Mary-Ann was desperate. She felt dizzy. Two parts of her brain were fighting with each other. She wanted to stay composed in front of her fan, but she needed to hold herself. She wiggled her legs. There were still two people in line ahead of her. The enough pressure on her genitals was enough that they throbbed. As another person walked into the restroom, she saw Karenna walking up the ramp, a stranger in tow. She called her friend over

“I was wondering where you were. Nice place isn’t it?”

Karenna smiled “Too much fun.” She noticed Mary-Ann’s desperation, briefly forgetting about Erin.

Using Karenna as a distraction, Mary-Ann introduced her to her fan.

“Sue, this is Karenna, I wouldn’t…ah” She paused to get ahold of her desperation “I…I wouldn’t be here without her.” She tried to smile through the pain

The two shook hands and Karenna fell into line, Erin behind her. As the two started to chat, Mary-Ann turned around, and shoved her hand into her crotch. Clutching herself hard, she clenched her thighs tight enough for her kneecaps to touch. I’m never going to a bar again. This hurts. She heard a round of toilets flushing. Just hold it, you’re almost there she told herself, happy that few people could see her. The door swung open, and a group of four women came out, laughing and talking amongst themselves. One of them looked at Mary-Ann, then to her pants, and as her group left down the ramp, she smiled at the desperate woman.

Mary-Ann and the three women behind her entered the bathroom. Erin and Karenna took stalls next to each other, and Mary-Ann was near the farthest one. Sue called her name. Damn it.

“Mary-Ann, I just wanted to thank you.”

“For what?”

“Karenna’s a really sweet woman, and she thinks highly of you. You’re a great example for other employers.” Sue smiled at her

Smiling back and attempting to reach for the stall door Mary-Ann could only muster a thank you.

It was awkward to hear herself referred to in a conversation, but as Karenna’s weak yellow pee stream trickled into the bowl, it was still nice to have someone complement her. She was surprised that Erin hadn’t sat down yet. Her legs were still by the stall door. She contracted her bladder muscles again, pushing a paltry amount of urine out of her. As Erin sat down, Mary-Ann was desperately trying to end her conversation. Sue had other things on her mind

“…So that’s why I sell these oils and crystals. You know? You don’t need healthcare, everything can be all natural. Here, I have these samples.” She handed Mary-Ann a packet of something

“Thanks- not to be rude, but I do really need the bathroom.” Mary-Ann was at the point of expressing her need in no uncertain terms.

Without waiting for a response, Mary-Ann swung open the stall door and hung her purse on the door as it slammed back into place. She unzipped her jeans, and shimmed them off herself. Her swollen bladder was moments from releasing, spinning around, Mary-Ann sat down and relaxed.

She broke the seal in the most dramatic way possible. Shooting out of her at an aggressive speed, she splattered the inside of the toilet bowl with her liquor tainted urine. Attempting to give respect to the others in the bathroom, she suppressed her moans of relief. They were instead replaced with the overwhelming sound of Mary-Ann’s overfilled bladder spraying its contents into the toilet water. The splash of her pee was obvious to everyone occupying the bathroom.

As Karenna heard the sound of her Boss’s pee overtake her ears, she rose from the toilet she occupied. Having finished nearly before Mary-Ann started, Karenna flushed and pulled her dark jeans back over herself. Exiting the stall, Sue was still standing there. Was she listening to Mary-Ann pee?

“Do you need anything?” Karenna was annoyed

“I was just going to give her my card-“

“Here, give it to me, I’ll be sure she gets it.” Mary-Ann’s stream was clearly starting to dwindle.

The woman thanked Karenna and walked out of the bathroom. Bothered, Karenna started to wash her hands.

As the rest of her bladder emptied into the toilet, Mary-Ann could see droplets on her thighs. They dripped and slowly dropped off of her smooth skin. Her stream finally subsiding, Mary-Ann exhaled. She sat for a moment or two and waited for Karenna to stop washing her hands. She wiped and flushed not soon after, finally exiting the stall.

She met Karenna at the counter and dug out whatever sample Sue had given her out of her purse. She left it on the counter as she washed her hands. Karenna was still waiting for her friend. Mary-Ann thanked her for dealing with the armature saleswoman and told Karenna to meet her at the bar when she was done. After she left the bathroom, Erin called to Karenna

“Hey, Karenna, could you get in here for a second?” The stall door unlocked

Curious and slightly worried Karenna entered the stall. Bent over with her bottom facing the stall door, Erin was rummaging through her purse. She wasn’t wearing any panties. Karenna stared at her exposed pussy while she excavated a small baggie from her purse.

“You’re cool right?” It was coke.

Karenna put her hands up “I’m not messing with that. I. It’s a long story.”

“Loosen up a little, you’re here to have fun right?”

“This is a you thing.” Karenna back into the stall door. “It’ll stay between us, but I can’t, really.”

“Shame. I was looking forward to some fun.” She lifted her skirt slightly with her free hand, again exposing herself to Karenna. “I can have quite the time.” Karenna could have sworn she saw a few drops of pee fall from Erin’s exposed privates.

“I’m sure you can.” Karenna retreated out of the stall and bathroom, and began looking for Mary-Ann.

Mary-Ann was leaning on the bar counter, watching the band play some generic rock and roll tune. Karenna walked up behind her

“Can we get out of here. I’m about done with the people here.”

“You and me both. I’ve got some liquor at the room anyway.”

The walk back felt much longer. Perhaps it was the dark of the night or because both women had their evenings spoiled with unpleasant people. Mary-Ann was happy to enjoy her slight drunkenness in quiet. The pair was much quieter until they reached the entrance of the hotel, Karenna spoke first

“This place is nice, but the people here kind of suck.”

Mary-Ann laughed “There’s irony there somewhere, but I’m not the one to figure it out.”

“You’re alright though.” Karenna was thinking about making a move

“Well I’m glad you’ve figured that out after a year!” Mary-Ann didn’t pick up on it

The elevator ride was quiet, and the same as the walk back to their room. Karenna wasn’t sure what to say or if she should say it. But her interaction with Erin had made her want to admit to her desires. The two entered their room and as Mary-Ann found the whiskey she had promised, Karenna took a glass in spite of herself.

“Now, why do you think that is?” Mary-Ann said aloud

“Why is what?” Karenna tried to drink the whiskey. She nearly choaked

“Why do people disappoint? I mean we’ve both been through it. Why do you think that is?”

“I wish I had your mind boss.” Karenna felt like opening herself up again. “I’ve done my best to survive. And I have, but…”

“What?” Mary-Ann was more forceful when she was inebriated. She had downed a third of her liquor glass

“I told you this afternoon. Look, the girl had coke. It wasn’t much, but that stuff got my father killed.” Karenna spoke quickly, trying to minimize as many details as she could “I know that can be dangerous, and I’m usually good about that kind of stuff but…”

Mary-Ann looked concerned “But what?”

“She was so…” Karenna couldn’t finish her sentence

Mary-Ann took another drink. “Here, drink some” She motioned for Karenna to drink some out of her glass. “You didn’t take any did you?”

Karenna tried it again. It was strong “No, I did not. But she…” It was so close. Why couldn’t she be honest with Mary-Ann?

“That’s all that matters to me. Let’s change the subject, you don’t have to tell me.”

The two carried on. Slowly switching from a heavy topic to a light, almost silly topic got them both talking and drinking. Mary-Ann finished her glass. She felt tried. Drunk. Karenna was nearly halfway done. Time was lost to the two of them. Until Mary-Ann had to pee again. She felt giddy. Karenna told another joke. Part of her was telling her to do it. Pee her pants right there. Pass it off as a drunkenness and laugh mishap. But she wasn’t that far gone yet. She decided to announce her need instead.

Her voice returning from a bout of laughter she giggled

“Kar, you know what?”

“What?” She was still smiling from her own joke

“I gotta pee again”

Mary-Ann wasn’t sure what she was expecting. She hadn’t even thought that far ahead. Maybe more laughter. But she didn’t get that. She got a coy smile instead

“Oh? What are you telling me for?”

“Cuz I thought I’d be funny. What’s that look for?”

Karenna’s face went blank “What look?”

“C’mon now, I know that look. You said that girl was- something. Tonight.”

Karenna felt like her back was against the wall. The only way through was forward

“She was so…Look. I wanted her ok? I thought she was hot.” Karenna felt ashamed.

Her face went red she looked down. Away. She wanted to hide. Her biggest secret, the one she hid from nearly everyone, revealed to her boss.

“So you like girls, wh-“

“No! I…I like both ok? I just…lean more towards girls.”

Mary-Ann opened her arms wide “Was that so hard to say?”

“Kind of” Karenna was still unsure. But it was out now

Mary-Ann was ostentatious when drunk “We’ve all got our things. Those things that turn us on. You know what mine is?”

Karenna shook her head. Mary-Ann answered unabashedly.

“I pee my pants on purpose.”

“…what?” Karenna looked towards her boss.

Mary-Ann nodded “There are plenty of days where I wait all day at the office, get home, hop in the shower and just.” She made a flowing motion with her hands “Pshhh.”

“O…oh.”

Karenna was wet. The thought of Mary-Ann, her boss, her idol, peeing her pants was a thought that stuck with her. Pure lust nearly made her ask. It took everything in her not to start touching herself. She couldn’t help but think Mary-Ann was coming on to her. She had to prod

“A…are you saying you, you’re going to now?”

“I might. Do you dare me?” Mary-Ann took a sip of whisky.

“I’m not going to stop you.”

“…Alright, I will.” Mary-Ann stood up “Didn’t think I’d get one this whole trip?”

“What about this morning?”

“That one was real. That doesn’t count!” Mary-Ann shouted towards the wall as she drunkenly wobbled towards the bathroom.

Karenna decided to shoot her shot. She had to see it. Just once in her life. Musting her courage she asked

“Hey…boss?”

“What?” Mary-Ann turned back around, she was in the threshold of the bathroom door “I gotta pee” She jostled her legs dramatically

“C-c-can I watch?”

There was a silence. Karenna wondered if she had just ruined her chance. Fear struck her. Worry. Regret. Mary-Ann spoke

“Sure, what the hell?”

Hopping off the couch, Karenna walked into the bathroom, Mary-Ann stood in the shower, her light colored jeans hugged her curves.

“You want instructions too?” Mary-Ann asked jokingly

“I-I mean if you’re offering.” Karenna was intrigued, fixated on Mary-Ann’s crotch

“I’m sure most people would assume that you’re just relaxing, but here’s what I do.” Mary-Ann widened her stance “See, I relax first, then push, and I alternate until…oh” Mary-Ann gasped

Karenna saw it, a small wet patch appeared on Mary-Ann’s jeans. It seemed to stop for a moment, then a large streak raced down her leg. Mary-Ann finished her instructions

“And once you’ve got it. Just relax.”

In no time, Mary-Ann’s jeans began to glisten. They were getting darker, and as she continued to release, they became overflowed. Her pee splattered the shower floor, creating a puddle that joined with the overflow from her cuffs. It soothed Mary-Ann as it flowed over her thighs. She closed her eyes and leaned back. The spectacle was almost too much for Karenna to handle. When she saw Mary-Ann’s face, she had to try it.

Following Mary-Ann’s instruction, she relaxed first. She could feel some rush forward. It stopped. She pushed. Nothing. She relaxed. Nothing still. She tried both. As she tightened her bladder muscles, she loosened her walls. She tried to listen to Mary-Ann’s splattering urine. Then there was something a quick rush. It fell through her resisting muscles and we her panties. She took her opportunity. Relaxing again she felt another small jet. Then another. Then a short flow. It warmed her crotch. As it sat it nearly made her cum. It was so warm, it felt unlike anything she had ever felt before. A small stream sprung into her jeans, and her thighs felt wet. She inadvertently gasped as she quickly finished. Mary-Ann heard it

“Hey Kar, is that what I think it is?” The last of Mary-Ann’s pee was rolling down the back of her legs

Karenna gave a sheepish grin “I tried it.”

“Turn around, let me see!”

Karenna turned around and bent forward, showing off her wet crotch

“Look at you!” Mary-Ann smacked her ass. Karenna nearly came “It’s fun, isn’t it?”

Karenna nodded and turned back around. He cheeks were flushed. She was wet. Horny. She wanted Mary-Ann and she wanted her now. She grabbed her boss’s soaking wet thigh. She ran her finger up. Up towards-

“No. Kar." Mary-Ann grabbed her wrist. " I like you- just not, like that.”

Karenna’s heart sank

“But…it was fun. Maybe we share this as friends?”

A compromise. Not what she wanted, but good enough for now. She could get Mary-Ann eventually

“I’d like that boss.”

*036*2021-11-01 19:08

{{4 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Didn't feel rushed to me at all.

}}

That’s a relief. I want to be detailed as possible, while letting your mind fill in the imagery. I’m glad it came out ok

{{3 hours ago, PeeHour said:

That was right up my alley - might be my favorite part so far! (Although it's close between this part and last). I didn't feel it was too rushed, except maybe the descriptions when Karenna wet (the shorter sentences), but overall I really enjoyed it.

}}

I wanted to emphasize the fact that she didn’t really go all that much, but I can see how that would be a frustrating read. It’s always best to keep the reader in mind while writing. But don’t worry, 3.5 will make up for it!

*037*2021-11-05 10:21

A/N: While this part will conclude chapter 3, I have to say, I really liked this ending. We have 7! Wetting scenes in this one. While there isn't a ton of desperation, its the best chapter for lovers of the nonchalant wettings. This one got a little meta as we have Karenna role playing with herself. Let me know if that even works in a fiction story. As always, feedback is not only appreciated but encouraged, and feel free to be critical. I can't improve as a writer without it. Next up we have the interlude, with 2 scenes suggested by readers, and the first of those should be ready by Sunday 11/7/2021. If there is a scene you'd like to read, go a head and let me know! Lastly, please read the Author's note at the end of this section as it contains spoilers, but I would like reader participation.

Chapter 3.6: A Sisterhood Forged by Urine

Karenna awoke at some hour of the morning. Her mouth was dry and the room was pitch black. She looked over to Mary-Ann’s bed, it was surprisingly empty. Karenna’s bladder felt like a rock. While she still remembered last night, she had no idea when they went to bed. Her bladder cried again. Karenna was tired. Part of her just wanted to piss in the bed and deal with it tomorrow. But she couldn’t. Willing herself to stand, Karenna took a look outside. The sun had just started to rise. Whatever hour of the morning it was, it was too early for a vacation. Wincing as she stretched, she quickly doubled over.

Her bladder must have been filled for hours. Waddling towards the bathroom, she hoped it was free. To her delight, the door opened right away, and Karenna flipped on the light. She saw the toilet, and draped over it were Mary-Ann’s dress pants. They were still visibly stained from the soaking she had given them. Karenna’s own dress slacks hung on the counter next to them. From the crotch of those pants down each of the legs, a huge pee stain was obvious. Karenna stood for a moment, holding herself. She admired them. Even as her bladder screamed at her for release, she could feel the embarrassment from yesterday’s wetting.

Arousal hit her. She wished it had been something else. More than just Sarah, all the mean girls in her life. She wished they saw her- peeing her pants and unable to stop. That they’d make fun of her. Tease her. She wanted that. But she also wanted comfort. Someone to tell her it was ok. Her nipples had hardened at the thought. Looking up on the shower door she saw her jeans from last night. A naughty patch was still visible on the crotch, just barely so. Guided by instinct over her rational mind, she grabbed one of the legs and swung them down. Even desperate, it was easy to get them on over her legs. Stepping in the shower she felt her muscles involuntarily relax. She grabbed herself. Stymying the flow for just a moment, Karenna stared at the toilet.

She put herself there. She didn’t have to feign her desperation either. As she stood in the shower, hand tightly grasping her womanhood she put every mean girl in front of her. The ones from high school, the ones she used to work with, even Sarah; she imagined them all blocking her. There was one bathroom and they wouldn’t let her have it. They teased her. She made them mock her.

Aw, does Kar have to pee?

I don’t think she can hold it much longer!

She’s gonna piss herself!

She playfully protested with herself. As the aberrations mocked her she tried to release her bladder slowly. But that didn’t happen. Quickly her hands became warm and a second later felt wet. An audible hiss followed by the splattering of fresh urine hit the shower floor. For the first time in her adult life, Karenna was peeing her pants on purpose. And she loved it. Her jeans were now stained a darker color as her urine ran down her legs. It felt warm, and as it began to pool at her feet, she became even hornier at the sight of her yellowish puddle. She saw herself in the mirror. A 23 year old black business woman, with pee streaming down her legs. She pointed her toes inward, she wanted to look helpless as her nostrils were overrun by the smell of her piss. There was no hiding it from anyone. Karenna had wet her jeans again. She brought her tormentors back. Made them mock her for losing control.

Did little Kar have an accident?

She imagined them laughing at her. And as her stream finished she started to play with her breasts.

I think she likes it

Her clit throbbed, her entire genitalia on fire. She couldn’t take it anymore. Slipping her hands into her sopping wet jeans she began messaging herself. As she masturbated she fantasized that Mary-Ann emerged from the crowd of abrasive aberrations. As Karenna stuck a finger inside herself she wanted Mary-Ann to tell her it was ok. Its normal to have an accident. That she found it hot too. That it was her bosses fingers inside her. That it was Mary-Ann making her cum. Making no effort to conceal herself, Karenna moaned. She nearly screamed as her body convulsed in the most intense orgasm she could remember. Spent, she fell back against shower wall. As she slid down to her own puddle, her soaked jeans stuck to her legs. She made a faint splash as her butt fell into her puddle of piss. Now cooled, it chilled her entire backside. Karenna closed her eyes. She was content, if only for a moment. She felt the urge again. Without a moment’s hesitation, she relaxed.

Instantly her cooled backside was warmed with fresh urine. She could smell it as it seeped into her jeans, warming them. A small addition to the already sizable puddle, at a low hiss, she was done much quicker than she had been before, her bladder finally empty. Smiling, she thought about clean up. But that was for future Karenna to deal with. As she drifted back to sleep, she couldn’t help but enjoy her wetness, even on the hard shower floor.

It was cold. Karenna was damp, shivering even. And she smelled like pee. The bottom of her shirt, and certainly her jeans were the culprits. Standing gingerly, she rubbed her damp jeans. Could she warm them by peeing again? No luck; she had nothing. Not knowing what time it was, and not waning to delay Mary-Ann with a locked bathroom, Karenna turned on the shower. Rather than try and peel her jeans off her legs, Karenna let the hot shower water warm her first. She felt sad. As her piss stain mixed with the new wetness of the water, no one would know what she did. She didn’t want her tracks covered. But as she shimmed out of her wet jeans, she was happy to clean herself and pretend to be normal for a while.

Mary-Ann was confused. As her senses returned to her they assaulted her mind. Her face was warm, as the sun beat down on it through the sliding door. Her legs were freezing, and even her back felt damp. On top of it all her head was pounding. As she attempted to open her eyes the light forced them closed again. Why did she feel so clammy? She rubbed her jean-clad legs. They were damp. Fear struck her, what had she done? Concerned she had wet her jeans in her sleep, she tried to remember last nights events. She remembered the bar, and the lady trying to sell her some new age nonsense. Had she wet herself then? She knew she hadn’t. She had ventured back here. She opened her eyes briefly and looked at the near empty bottle of whisky in her hand. She closed her eyes again, her memory flooded with the events of last night. Karenna’s confession. Her own.

Mary-Ann put her hand to her forehead. What had she done? She didn’t mind that Karenna was into girls, but she revealed her own habit. A million worries swamped her already pounding head. She worried that she had led Karenna on, that Karenna would she her as more than just a friend. And her own idea, that they share her habit. Why did she even bring that up? As she shifted onto her side, she felt the couch had absorbed some of her wetness. Now feeling her pent up liquor sloshing inside her, Mary-Ann tried to close her eyes again. The sound of the shower water running meant that she couldn’t use the bathroom right away, her only reason for getting up. She thought back to her proposal to Karenna. Is that what she really wanted? Drifting back out of consciousness, she hoped that the answer would come to her.

The sun was still up when Mary-Ann opened her eyes. She wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but the pain in her swelled bladder was far greater than it had been. The only thing on her mind was relief. She couldn’t hear the shower running anymore, and she rolled onto her back to get off the couch. The pain was tremendous in her stretched bladder, the strain of moving couch caused a brief spurt to escape. As Mary-Ann’s jeans warmed, she considered letting it go. She stopped herself, not wanting to ruin the hotel’s property. Standing would be her next task, but as she focused her eyes on the bathroom, the door was still shut. Not wanting to exert herself she weakly called Karenna’s name. No answer. Calling louder this time, she got a response.

“Kar, how long are you going to be?”

“I’m not sure. Do I need makeup for the beach?”

Mary-Ann had forgotten that she had promised Karenna a day at the beach.

“No. I’m not wearing any. Could you hurry it up though? I could really use the bathroom.”

Karenna promised that she’d hurry, but the devil on Mary-Ann’s shoulder wouldn’t stay quiet. Karenna knew Mary-Ann’s secret, would it be all that embarrassing? She was already planning on rushing in there with stained jeans. It was hard to quell her monologue. Her panties had already been freshly wet, if only briefly. She thought of the poor maid if she went through with it. She couldn’t do that to another person. She decided to hold herself.

As she rocked back and forth, she felt the cushion below her. It felt wet. Not damp like the rest of the couch, which had to deal with her soiled jeans all night. She felt her shirt again. Her back was wet too. Had she already wet herself while she slept? She rubbed her hands on the cushion. It’s wetness had confirmed it. Mary-Ann hadn’t wet the bed in years. This was the last time she’d drink that much again. That devilish voice grew stronger. She was already going to have to let the front desk know about the couch. What more harm could she do. Her stomach felt as though it had butterflies in it. Was she really about to do this? As if to test the waters, she relaxed. Responding immediately, her bladder rushed her warm pee into her panties. Hungover or not, Mary-Ann still enjoyed it.

Relaxing again, Mary-Ann released the rest of her bladder, with no intention of stopping. She could hear the fabric of the couch absorb her pee as it flowed out of her well-used jeans. Her crotch was instantly warm, and Mary-Ann could feel a puddle spreading towards her butt as she relaxed. It felt so wrong, but so fun. Had she just been sitting on the couch, it may not have even been noticeable. Bending slightly forward, Mary-Ann treated it almost as if she was on the toilet, just with her jeans still on. She could smell it. While that dampened her fun, the novelty of it acted as a counterbalance. Unlike most of her wettings, her flood only pooled around her bottom, soaking the cushion in another round of pee. Though this one was intentional.

The bathroom door flung open and Karenna walked into the living space, dressed in a white tank top and the same red track pants she had worn on the plane.

“Bathroom’s free, boss.”

“That’s ok.” Mary-Ann stumbled on her words “I-I don’t need it. I’m…I’m peeing.”

Karenna’s pulsed jumped. She couldn’t believe what she might be witnessing

“Like, like right now?”

Mary-Ann nodded. There was no need to hide her act. Though it was still awkward to admit what she was doing.

“Yeah. A little bit of an accident, but…” Her voice trailed off

Karenna was entranced. In the momentary silence she could hear the patter of Mary-Ann’s urine against the couch. Karenna tried to relax, if Mary-Ann was going to be so bold, so would she. But she couldn’t. Still drained from her morning in the shower, all she could do as admire her boss.

Mary-Ann sighed as she finished. Feeling relived from her now empty bladder, she had to deal with the fallout.

“I’m. Sorry you had to deal with that. I should have waited.”

“No. It’s fine. I.” Karenna attempted to advance the conversation “I get it, boss.”

“What do you mean?” Mary-Ann asked as she stood

“I get why you do it. I understand it.”

Mary-Ann nodded as she stumbled towards the bathroom, her thrice wet jeans sporting a new dark crotch. Karenna could see the puddle, the couch cushion would need to be replaced. The thought of Mary-Ann nonchalantly wetting her pants around Karenna aroused the young black woman. Her boss was near the bathroom, their conversation still hung in the air, depressed by Mary-Ann’s act. Karenna wanted to know if it was still ok for them to share in this act.

“You were serious about last night then?”

Mary-Ann stopped in the threshold of the bathroom door. Biding her time, she asked

“About what?”

“About this. About sharing in it. As friends.” Karenna turned to face Mary-Ann, who was looking into the bathroom “I get it Mary-Ann, I get why you do it.” She repeated

If Mary-Ann confirmed it she couldn’t take it back. If she denied it, she risked losing Karenna’s trust. She exhaled, is this what she wanted?

Looking back at Karenna she responded

“Yes. I was serious.”

Karenna smiled with excitement as the bathroom door closed.

As Mary-Ann showered, Karenna got herself breakfast from one of the in-resort cafés, and brought it back to the room. A light meal, she was sure to get her favorite orange juice with it. Normally, that would have been it, but she intended to have fun with Mary-Ann, and she ordered an extra water for herself as well. Mary-Ann was dressed by the time she got back.

The two talked business over breakfast, as Mary-Ann downed ample amounts of water to quell her hangover, Karenna sucked down her own extra water. Their conversation turned lighter as their plates emptied

“I can’t even remember the last time I went to the beach. I must have been in college.” Mary-Ann racked her brain

“I’ve never been. I’m looking forward to it though.”

“You’ll like it, water should be nice this time of year- I’m looking forward to doing nothing though.”

The two laughed, Mary-Ann continued “And I’m never having that much again!”

Laughing over the wild events of the past day, Mary-Ann brought up a slightly more serious point

“I am going to dump the rest of the whiskey on that” She pointed to the couch “Warner is paying for the room, and he did sent us the drink, so I think we can blame him.”

“You should probably send him a check and a thank you.”

“You’re right, so long as we don’t tell him what it really was. I don’t think he’d invite me back if he got word that I peed myself in my sleep.”

Karenna giggled “You weren’t asleep though!”

“Well, for most of it” Mary-Ann admitted

The two finished their meal and headed down to the lobby. Though she had her red track pants on and her tank top, Karenna still felt strange wearing her one-piece bathing suit underneath it. It almost felt unbecoming of the ornate resort around her. Standing next to Mary-Ann as she let the front desk know about the couch, Karenna couldn’t help but feel a little sneaky.

Mary-Ann spoke to the young clerk, his bright smile never faded as she told him

“We had a little accident in our room.” Mary-Ann paused and shot a glance a Karenna, who returned a knowing smile “A liquor bottle was spilled on the couch and I don’t want it to stain.”

The clerk let them know it would be taken care of and the two ladies walked towards the entrance of the hotel, their rideshare awaiting them. Mary-Ann leaned in close to Karenna, and spoke in a low voice

“The truth on that one will just be between us right?”

The two giggled and set off for the beach.

The car ride through the downtown was uneventful. In the day, the neon lights gave way to small office buildings and boutique shops. In the afternoon sun the city looked like any other big town, only with a large casino to shape its skyline. Looking at each of the buildings wasn’t exactly fun for Karenna, but as her bladder filled again, according to her wishes, it was a nice distraction. She crossed one leg over the other, and wondered to herself if she was truly starting to enjoy the feeling of a filling bladder or just anticipating the outcome.

Their driver took them near the beach, but with the bustling boardwalk, it was impossible to get a parking spot near the beach itself. Dropping the pair off, the walk to the sand itself was only mere minuets, and as the sun beat down, Karenna was hoping she could pee soon. They passed a small wooden structure that clearly severed as a bathroom, but Karenna was not about to use it. But Mary-Ann started to walk in its direction, and Karenna began to think her boss was truly fearless

“You’re not going to use that thing are you?”

Mary-Ann pointed to a smaller shack “The chair rentals?”

Karenna hadn’t even seen them “Oh. Those, no, those look fine.”

Mary-Ann looked at her in a inquisitive way. Karenna didn’t want to seem unobservant, she made the excuse “I’ve never been, how am I supposed to know what’s expected of me?”

Mary-Ann shook her head and the two got in line for a beach chair. Standing behind Mary-Ann, Karenna bounced her legs a little. Her bladder had now filled to the point were she would have normally taken care of it, but with the quality of the bathrooms, she was hoping she could convince Mary-Ann to have fun with her.

Once the two got onto the sand, picking out a spot wasn’t difficult. The birds sounded so unique to Karenna. She loved their call. She would have enjoyed it more if her bladder wasn’t already calling to her more dramatically. The two set up in a rather open spot. While there weren’t too many people nearby, there were no rocks or other coverings either, they were trapped in the hot sun. Mary-Ann and Karenna laid out their towels, and Karenna put their small lunch pail in the center. It wasn’t much. Some waters and small snacks, but as she bent over to stick it in the sand, Karenna felt a slight discomfort in her abdomen. Normally, she tried to keep her needs hidden. But instead now with Mary-Ann she felt excitement. It was as if she was initiating some sort of game. Karenna tried to say it in a slightly extended way, purposefully choosing her words.

“Hey boss,” Mary-Ann looked up from setting up her chair. Karenna continued, hanging on her own words “I had an extra water at breakfast. I kinda have to piss right now. Did you see a clean bathroom? The only ones I saw were gross.”

“I don’t think I’d ever use a bathroom at a public beach Kar. Everyone uses their swimsuit.” As Mary-Ann spoke, she slipped her top off.

Karenna admired her boss’s C-Cups, and the cleavage that her two-piece showed. Karenna thought of a response as she slipped her own tank top and tracksuit pants off, revealing her red one-piece. Her voice was stolen as Mary-Ann shimmied out of her navy blue leggings. Karenna was filled with lust as she could only imagine Mary-Ann stripping for her. She unabashedly stared at her boss’s toned ass. The floral bikini hid little.

“Everyone does it.” Karenna looked up as Mary-Ann turned around. “It’s not strange here, trust me.”

Karenna smiled and nodded, hoping she wasn’t caught. Mary-Ann spoke “And could you not look at me like that. I’m ok with you and girls and all, but. Please.”

Karenna nodded and changed the subject “So its cool if I just, pee right here?”

“Yeah”

Karenna shrugged. Some of the excitement was sapped when Mary-Ann told her that other did it too. But nonetheless, Karenna widened her stance and let go. Instantly, her fresh piss filled the crotch of her bathing suit. It was warm, and like the warmth of the sun, Karenna found it relaxing. She sighed as two separate, smaller rivulets trickled down her inner thigh, and made small droplets off her legs. The sand reacted loudly as a long stream soaked through her swimsuit. At the sound, Mary-Ann turned, and to Karenna’s surpise, proclaimed

“No! No, not right here, plug it!”

Gripping her crotch and dancing in place, Karenna complained

“What? What? What’s the matter?” As she protested, her urine was still spilling over her hand.

As it eventually halted, Mary-Ann explained

“You can’t be so open about it. Here, like this.”

Mary-Ann turned her back to Karenna, and got down on all fours. She bent over the lunch pail and pretended to look for something inside. Karenna was fixated on Mary-Ann’s bikini bottoms as they darkened and distended, quickly filling up. Like Karenna’s, two rivulets spilled out of her filling bottoms and ran down Mary-Ann’s thigh. A stronger flow spilled through, and it silently streamed into the sand, darkening it.

The sight of her boss peeing her bikini was too much for Karenna’s sympathetic bladder, and she resumed pissing in hers. Against her will it flowed over her hand, and flowed down her thighs. Looking for help she let Mary-Ann know

“I-I can’t hide it like that. I can’t stop it.”

“Then sit down and do it!” Mary-Ann commanded, her own flow still wetting her bottoms

Karenna awkwardly sat down, her streaming piss changing directions as she did. Plopping down in the wet sand, she started to finish.

She stared at Mary-Ann’s pee running out of her swimsuit and enjoyed the feeling of her own. It felt different than when she had gone this morning in her jeans. Rather than stick to her legs, her piss was free to fall off of her. She wasn’t sure which she enjoyed more. Her bladder fully deflated, she enjoyed watching Mary-Ann finish hers. Part of her wanted to try it. Just start going while she did something else.

Mary-Ann rose and shook off some of the sand particles that clung to her. She looked down at Karenna, who was sitting in a darkened circle of sand.

“Done?”

“Just about. I needed that.”

“You and me both. I’m going to hit the water if you want to come.”

Standing, Karenna followed Mary-Ann down the gentle bank towards the water. She tried to stare again at her boss’s crotch, attempting to make out an obvious dark patch. It was difficult. Looking down at herself, hers was obvious. When she clutched herself, the stream must have shot upward, and it was clear to one passer by that she peed herself. He looked down at her crotch as he was exiting the water. Looking up at Karenna, he smiled. She smiled back. The water was cold, and as she and Mary-Ann waded into the sea, Karenna felt her second urge. Without a moment’s hesitation, she let go, warming her now wet swimsuit. She wasn’t expecting the warmth of her piss to expand around her and Mary-Ann looked at her

“Again?”

“All the time. When I was with Sarah, and had just finished wetting, she took so much time yelling at me that this second wave hit me. It always happens.”

“So what did you do?”

Karenna shrugged “I let it go. I was so tired of trying to hold it. You should have seen how mad she was.”

The two laughed about it as Karenna finished peeing again. They frolicked in the water for a little before heading back onto the sand. By the time they returned to their things, Much of the sand had dried in the sun, leaving little evidence behind. Sitting on a towel to dry, Karenna began to read some business articles she had brought along, and sipped a water, while Mary-Ann read her book on psychology.

By the time Karenna reached for her third water, Mary-Ann had finished them. It was hot in the sun for sure, but the still slightly hungover business woman had downed all of the rest. Karenna had only finished two. She was starting to get bored, there was only so much to read. Striking up a conversation, she asked Mary-Ann about the articles she had read.

“Do you really think we only have 24 more months on this market cycle?”

“Anything is possible, but I don’t think so, no.”

“Why not?

“As long as the Fed.” There was a slight pause in Mary-Ann’s sentence.

Karenna heard splattering. Looking down, she could see that Mary-Ann had started to pee again. Mary-Ann continued her sentence

“Keeps rates in the 2s, people are going to want to buy. Its artificial demand in that respect, but that doesn’t mean its not real buying power on the consumer side.”

There was a silence between the two. The only sound was the rushing urine running off of Mary-Ann’s chair. Karenna changed the subject to another habit.

“You mentioned that you do that to help you relax.”

Mary-Ann turned her head without moving her reclined body. She was still peeing, awaiting Karenna’s question

“What does that mean? I mean does it really work for that?”

“For me, sure. I don’t know if it would work for someone else.”

“But like. How? How does it relieve stress?”

Mary-Ann’s stream finally slowed. She tried to answer the awkward question

“Well…I hold it at work. Maybe starting around lunch. And I…C’mon Kar, don’t make me answer this!” She finally stopped peeing

“I’m just curious! I told you, I-I get it. It’s fun.”

“So you know how it feels. I get home and just hop in the shower.”

“In your work clothes?”

“No. Old ones.”

Karenna nodded. There was another silence between the two. Karenna wanted to tell her about this morning, if only to share the experience. She could only think to ask another question.

“D-do you ever like, imagine?”

Mary-Ann looked at her, perplexed. But she let Karenna continue

“Like imagine you were in a line, and you really had to go…” Karenna could feel herself get aroused as she threw out another scenario “Or like, a ton of people were watching you a-”

“No. I don’t. And this is going a bit too far. I told you, I’m glad we can share in what ever the hell this is together. But I don’t know if I’m ready to discuss things like that with you.”

Karenna understood. But internally she begged to wet with Mary-Ann again.

The two sat on the beach for another hour, but as the sun started to set, they decided it was time to go. Having enjoyed her first time on the beach Karenna wished she had more time to enjoy the sun. As the two packed up and dressed, Karenna was happy to have her red tracksuit pants and white tank top back on. It was warmer than her one-piece was. Karenna was disappointed when Mary-Ann shapely butt slipped back into her grey leggings and her breasts were covered again by a nice t-shirt. The walk back across the sand was easy enough, as was the return of the chair. Mary-Ann had dumped the last of her water bottle on it, and the evidence of her nonchalant wetting was nonexistent. But as the pair reached the boardwalk, they ran into some traffic.

Their rideshare was already waiting in the parking lot, but there was little movement. Karenna felt excited again as she felt a twinge in her bladder. Her two waters had finally made their way down. Even in a stopped car, she could only imagine the fun she might be able to get into.

It wasn’t more than twenty minuets of stopped cars before they exited the boardwalk. A stay like that made Karenna thankful that she hadn’t been anymore desperate, or she would have been in trouble. As it was, she was now comfortably full. She admired the old buildings near the beach. Part of her wanted to move to a nice spot on the sand. Somewhere where she could see the ocean every day. She already missed the calls of the seagulls. She had gotten used to them in just one afternoon. As they hit the highway before getting back into the city, Karenna took one last glance at the sea. It shimmered back at her.

Karenna was ready to announce her need once she could see the top of the casino. The downtown was starting to pick up with nightlife and traffic had slowed. Leaning over to Mary-Ann, Karenna felt excited again. For once in her life she was happy to announce her need.

“I hope this isn’t too much longer. I have to pee.”

Mary-Ann whispered back “I know. That wait at the beach killed me. At least we can see the hotel from here. But I got to pee!”

The two giggled in the backseat. Indeed, Mary-Ann had been full for quite some time, but she was confident in her abilities and was just enjoying the hold. Crossing one leg over the other, she rested her hand over her crotch. She looked at Karenna. Her friend was staring out the window, looking towards the top of the casino. Mary-Ann smiled. As strange as it was, she had to admit, they had fun together.

The casino lobby was crowded as usual, but not enough to get in the girls way. As the two business women waited for the elevator to pick them up, Karenna decided to feign her desperation a little. She pointed her feet towards each other and canted her knees slightly forward. It was more subtle than if her had grabbed herself or bent all they way forward, the way she had been she wet in front of Sarah, but Karenna hoped that maybe Mary-Ann would see it. In some way, Karenna hoped that it was part of the game. To show that you needed to go.

Mary-Ann saw it as the two entered the elevator. Alone, Mary-Ann stole a grab at her crotch. Karenna noticed this action herself. Assuming Mary-Ann was playing the same game, Karenna asked

“This is half the fun, huh boss?”

“What is?”

“You know” Karenna bobbed her knees, again over exaggerating her desperation a little “The little dances and weaves.”

“You’re having too much fun with this.” Mary-Ann teased

The elevator doors opened and the two friends made their way to their room. As Mary-Ann passed through the common area, and made her way to the bathroom, Karenna decided to ask

“Are you going first?”

“I was planning on it.”

“Well…I was thinking…I might not make it and all…” Karenna didn’t know how to communicate

“Just ask me what you want to ask me.” Mary-Ann was trying to guide her

“I-I’m going to piss my pants. Would you like to join me?” Karenna cringed as she asked the question

Mary-Ann laughed, it was awkward, but it was direct. She got what she asked for more or less. Motioning towards the balcony door she added

“After you.”

As the two stepped out on the balcony, aware of what they were about to do, Mary-Ann was direct as well

“You know, if we’re going to share this, I think we need a better codeword.”

Reaching a corner of the balcony, Karenna asked

“What about ‘I can’t hold it anymore’?” As she suggested this, she let go releasing a trickle of pee into her swimsuit.

It wasn’t long before it overflowed her swimsuit and started to darken her red tracksuit pants. Mary-Ann was too busy thinking of another codeword to notice that her protégé had started to wet herself.

“No, that’s too, out-of-nowhere. Maybe something like-“ She looked over at Karenna as she heard urine splattering on concrete.

The telling dark streaks that ran down Karenna’s pants told Mary-Ann everything she needed to know as she started to release her own bladder

“Oh, you meant like now, like you actually-“

“Kind of. But I hope I’m not ruining your name or reputation by wetting my pants.” Karenna mocked Sarah’s words

Mary-Ann caught on to Karenna’s joke “Yeah, peeing your pants is a fire-able offence. I might have to write you up!”

Karenna had never had so much fun in her life as her pants became saturated “You’d fire me just because I can’t hold it?”

As she noticed a dark patch forming on Mary-Ann’s leggings her boss continued the banter “You should be able to hold it at your age.”

As Karenna was just about empty, she pointed to Mary-Ann’s darkening crotch “Well, what’s that? I don’t know if you can hold it either!”

Mary-Ann gripped her leggings, pulling them so her crotch soaked up her urine. Showing them off almost “I guess your right Kar, we’ll have to call it even!”

The two friends laughed. Half at the absurdity of their actions, but more so at their mockery of Sarah. As Karenna’s flow tapered off, Mary-Ann’s was still strong. The inside of her thighs glistened and started to bathe in warmth as pee ran down the inseam of her leggings. They had become dark as they were overran by Mary-Ann’s act. Exhaling with relief Mary-Ann asked a pertinent question.

“Kar, didn’t you say you always go twice?”

Karenna smiled “Your right boss. I was just waiting on it.” A low hiss escaped Karenna’s body.

Her red pants were darkened again as she released a few more seconds of urine escape into her pants.

“You know, I did just pee my last pair of clean pants.”

“I brought extra. You can wear my jeans on the plane.” Mary-Ann’s cuffs dripped with the last of her pee

“So you were planning on keeping this to yourself!” Karenna jokingly accused

“No! I just always pack extra. Well” Mary-Ann decided to admit it “Maybe one pair. But we’re way past that now.”

The two giggled again, their puddles met on the balcony.

“Do you think” Karenna paused. She wanted to ask but part of her still feared rejection. “Could we..” She was having trouble

“Kar, I have pee running down my legs. Ask me what you want to, I’m not going to judge you.”

Gaining her courage, Karenna asked “Maybe one day, we can plan a girls trip and-“

“Pack extra clothes?” Mary-Ann finished her sentence.

Karenna nodded.

“Tell you what, hit your goals for the end of the year- and we’ll plan something.”

The two smiled at each other. Turning to watch the sun set, they both contemplated in their wet pants. While Karenna was expecting to find out more about Mary-Ann’s past on this trip, she found something even greater. She found her confidant. The one person she could go to and ask nearly anything. She just wished she didn’t find her so attractive.

Mary-Ann had expected to make friends with Karenna on this trip. She wasn’t expecting to be best friends, nor was she expecting to leave with the desire to protect and promote Karenna as much as she could. And she wasn’t expecting to lose Sarah either

While both women had found more than they had expected on their trip, they could both agree that they shared a great indelible bond, one that could survive any test.

A/N: What should their codeword be? This would be a phrase used if Mary-Ann and Karenna are playing and one of them is going to wet or asking the other if they'd like to wet as well

*039*2021-11-05 15:52

{{1 hour ago, Markj9494 said:

This story is great! Really love the characters and the progression between them. Excited to see more and where you can take it next.

}}

There’s a whole story here, I think you’ll be surprised in the directions it can go. Thanks for your feedback!

{{1 hour ago, PeeHour said:

Wow this was definitely my favorite part so far! (Of course I am biased towards nonchalant/deliberate wettings). And I'm not usually affected by swimsuit wettings since they're supposed to get wet, but the way you described those scenes definitely resonated with me. Also the dialogue and conversations were excellent. (I took some mental notes myself for my own stories). Well done!

}}

I’ve always been fascinated by “Doing something while wetting”. (is that a category?) And the nonchalant yet purposeful act I think plays well there. I’m glad I nailed the swimsuit wetting too, I’m not huge on them, because like you said, they are meant to get wet. Plus everyone goes in the pool/ocean, so its not special.

Glad you were able to lift some mental notes from my work, always happy to help another writer! If it’s ok with you, maybe I’ll reference Tori and friends in an upcoming chapter? Just like a little cameo?

Also, did the opening scene with Karenna work? It was just her in the scene, but I was curious as to how her “role play” with herself came out to the reader

*041*2021-11-05 21:03

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

That was a lot of wettings in one chapter! How about "yellow river" or "the dam won't hold" as the code phrase?

}}

Right now I’m leaning towards “The dam won’t hold.” Thinking of maybe changing it to ‘the dam’s not holding.” But right now that my favorite!

I know it was a lot of wettings, and that mark may not be topped again, I hope it was a fun read!

{{57 minutes ago, PeeHour said:

"Doing something while wetting" is definitely a great topic. I think Karenna's role play worked nicely, I was able to understand what was going on.

As far as the cameo, that's a great idea! You can message me about specifics.

}}

Great! I’ll dm you soon, probably won’t publish anything on it for a least a month. Have a lot of other story points I want to get to

*042*2021-11-09 18:13

A/N: Well, a day late and a dollar short, or two days. Sorry for the delay on this one. I had wanted to keep it to 1k, but I had a better idea for the ending, so I had to take some extra time. This interlude features a request by @Bucketman

, and is the first completed request. Next up is @orangelion

's request, who also has their suggestion for a codeword featured in this section. Though they request first, it made better sense story wise, because their section will feature a new- and important character as well! There's still one spot open for this round of 3 interludes, so if you have a request for a scene, make a suggestion. Though I reserve the right to decline or any reason. Lastly, tell me how I did! Bedwetting isn't usually part of my wheelhouse, so let me know what can be improved! I promise the next section will be on time for Thursday 11.11.2021

Interlude 2.1

The Friday evening drive home was always a chore. Traffic never cooperated, and the anticipation of a two day respite was great enough to make the minuets feel like hours. Pulling off the highway, Karenna found herself in a stare down with the red traffic light. She was tired and needed to pee, a situation most people would begrudge on a Friday night, but for Karenna, it was a fun debate to keep her mind occupied. In the nearly two weeks since her business trip with Mary-Ann, she found herself craving more experiences. But opportunities were limited. The light turned green. Coming home wasn’t so easy, her first night alone had felt just that- alone. She had laid in bed awake, their acts running through her mind.

It was fun for Karenna, something so taboo that the two could enjoy together, but alone it turned sexual. Alone she was invaded by her own desires. It was just a few nights before she had to admit to herself that she was attracted to Mary-Ann. It wasn’t lust she was afraid of. Karenna was terrified that she might actually love her. Recently her sexual fantasies had been more or less a variation of the same concept. Karenna would wet herself and pretend that she was in front of Mary-Ann or a crowd of on lookers. Mary-Ann would care for the ‘embarrassed’ Karenna and the young black woman would pleasure herself at the thought of her caring boss comforting her, in every way imaginable.

She had turned left and was headed home. With her nipples hardened and her nethers warming to her recounting of her fantasies, she was hoping to get back to her apartment and stave off another round of desires.

As if to mock her, she wasn’t more than a block from home when her phone rang. It was Mary-Ann. Their calls had gotten more frequent and more and more casual, a sign of their bond. Nonetheless, it glued Karenna’s thoughts to the other end of the receiver. She picked up

“Hey boss, miss me already?” She felt that was too on the nose

“Of course Kar. No but actually, I was calling to let you know that Cassie passed her phone interview today.”

“Really? You sure about her?”

“No. But I took a chance on you and look how that turned out.”

Yeah but I’m me. Karenna wanted to remind Mary-Ann, instead she replied

“I guess. I still think she’s too crass. Too raw.”

“Well, she’ll be in next Tuesday. I saw you closed the Stevenson loan.”

The two continued to talk business, recapping the week and discussing their plans for next week. As Karenna parked in her spot, she took a long look at her lonely apartment building. Mary-Ann was still discussing a new business concept, and while Karenna was interested in learning, she was more interested in steering their talk to a more pertinent subject. Karenna hadn’t gotten the opportunity to play with Mary-Ann since their trip, and now that she had her friend on the phone, Karenna was going to take her opportunity. It was an easy decision, to decide to pee her pants, and not one that she would have even considered a month ago. But the challenge was going to be to advance the conversation in that direction.

Taking her phone off of speaker and getting out of her parked car, Karenna responded to Mary-Ann’s statement

“Yeah, I just don’t know how effective radio ads still are. I get that they’re cheap, but how many people are we reaching? And are they the people we want to work with?” Karenna trudged up the stairs, her need increasing as she fumbled for her keys. A perfect opening to change the conversation.

She let Mary-Ann know she was putting her phone down as she unlocked her door. This broke the conversation, putting the ball back in her court. She swung her heavy door back open and grabbed her phone, ready to swing the conversation in the direction she wanted.

“Sorry about that boss. You ever feel like the door is a little triggering?”

Mary-Ann sounded confused “No? Triggering? What do you mean?”

“Well, I forgot to make that last ‘pit stop’ before leaving the office, and I feel like it just got a hundred times worse when I tried the lock.”

“Sure. You ‘forgot’” Mary-Ann playfully teased

“Hey, I behave during the workday!” Karenna was being honest, she was proud of herself for that much

“Oh! That reminds me.” Mary-Ann had moved off of work. Karenna wondered if this had just been a social call all along. “Guess who called me Wednesday?”

“I have a pretty good idea boss” Karenna walked around the corner to her dresser. Picking out a pair of tight jorts, she started to undress her business bottoms

“Tyler. The guy finally found some courage.” Mary-Ann’s voice was higher pitched. Her excitement obvious

“Sounds like fun.” That was the best Karenna could do as she slipped her jorts on over her grey panties. She still wore her white blouse and blazer. An odd combo

“He was so nervous. It was real cute.” Her voice trailed off as if she wanted to add something. Karenna prodded

“So? What happened?”

“Well, we have coffee next Thursday. But I kind of wonder if he’d be so nervous if he knew that I had just…um…had my ‘dam’ burst.”

“Wait! Boss that’s it!”

“That what?”

“You remember, the last day? We were out on the balcony-“

“Yeah, and it was super awkward for about five seconds.” The two friends laughed, both recalling the event

“So that’s the codeword!” Karenna was excited “The dam won't hold. Or something like that. A lot better than how I tried to say it!”

The two broke into laughter again, a fond memory for the both of them. Karenna continued

“So you’re talking to your crush in your pee pants…” As she said this she let herself leak. Just a little

Mary-Ann nervously laughed “Yeah. I mean. Can you imagine if he knew how I looked?”

Karenna smiled to herself. She wanted to ask Mary-Ann what she had been wearing. She knew that would be a question to far. She settled for releasing another spurt in her panties. Making her way into her small, tiled kitchen, she knew what she was about to do. She went for it. She was going to piss her jorts and Mary-Ann would know about it.

“I wouldn’t have minded what you looked like boss.” Karenna said in a playful manner, as she started leaking again

“I’m sure you’d accommodate me and my wet pants Kar. But don’t let me take up your whole night-“

Karenna interrupted. Her purposeful leak had become a slow stream. Her crotch was feeling a familiar warm and she was out of time if she was going to tell Mary-Ann.

“Yeah, this conversation went on a little too long.” A hiss escaped her body as her jorts began to darken, trying to absorb her full force

“Oh, what? Now your ‘dam’ won’t hold?” Mary-Ann asked spiritedly

“Uh-huh.” Karenna wanted to say more but she was enjoying the warm wet sensation down her thighs too much. Mary-Ann took up the mantle

“You know, if I didn’t know any better, I’d say you did that on purpose!” Her cheerful tone was infectious

“No! Of course not!” Karenna said lightheartedly “You know I did make an extra trip to the water cooler, and we were having such a pleasant talk. That’s why I’m standing in a puddle, honest! I mean, who would do this on purpose?”

The two friends chortled as Karenna was finishing her pee. Her jorts had not done a great job at absorbing her yellowish pee, and despite the wide and obvious stain, Karenna could feel the excess dripping down and over her feet. It joined the rest of her puddle. Her act had been obvious had anyone seen her, and Karenna was exhilarated in having shared it with Mary-Ann.

“Don’t know if you’re done, but there was a point to my calling you.” Mary-Ann’s laughter had died down

“Do tell.”

“Would you like to get lunch for ourselves tomorrow?”

“I can’t really tomorrow, I have that new mattress being delivered. Next weekend?”

“Sure thing. And try to remember to use the restroom at the office. Remember, peeing your pants is a fire-able offence.”

The two buddies laughed at Sarah’s expense.

“Hey, you too boss! Let’s not forget who started this whole thing! Lets just hope you make it home.”

“I don’t know, it seemed like you had so much fun. And it is a bit of a long ride from here…” Mary-Ann let her voice trail off provocatively

The two hung up amicably, their little game had brought them so much joy. But Karenna wasn’t done. That second wave of desperation had hit her as it always did, and it would need to be released. Karenna pretzeled her legs and gripped her womanhood tightly. She wasn’t that desperate, but she had switched games. No longer was she the friend in a two person game. No longer was she spitting in the face of taboo and embarrassment. Now she was embracing it. In her mind, as she released her second wave of urine, she was alone again.

It ran down the same darkened patterns, and splattered into the same cold puddle of pee that she stood in. But Karenna was now just that. In her mind she was just scared and alone, unable to find a toilet in time. As it ran over her hand and sprayed the tiled floor again, Karenna pined for this side too. And though her second stream was already tapering off, she still weakly put her free hand in front of her face. She pretended the apparitions were taking photos. She imagined the flashes of twenty different cameras as her flow stopped. She imagined that they all had their little images. That she would be stuck in that time. A woman in her puddle of piss, and her stained jorts.

As she finished her clean up, Karenna couldn’t help but wonder if she could manufacture the shame that she desired. She replayed her conversation with Mary-Ann over and over again. An idea struck her. She was tired, and after a light dinner would see herself off to an early sleep. But if she had an extra glass of wine or two at dinner, maybe she could have some fun with her old mattress on its last day. She set her alarm for just an hour before the movers were supposed to show. If she woke up wet, she’d have to rush to hide it; if she woke up dry, perhaps she could manufacture a wet bed anyway.

Sticking to her plan, she had her light dinner. An extra glass of wine. Or two. She hadn’t been sleeping well, and had planned to take a sleeping pill either way, but when combined with the wine in her system, Karenna was drowsy in just a few moments. Having already donned her pajamas, it felt like a chore to move her tired body to her bedspread. As she crawled under the covers, her phone buzzed. It was a text from Mary-Ann

I think you’re right about the lock being a little triggering. Looks like my dam didn’t hold either! 😜

A picture accompanied the text, one of Mary-Ann’s lower legs was clad in piss-stained jeans. Knowing that Mary-Ann wasn’t wearing jeans at the office today, Karenna smiled. To have a friend that enjoyed their game as much as she did was a pleasant thought. As she drifted into a deep sleep, she thought about how fun it was to have a boss that peed her pants too.

The wine had taken hours to process through Karenna’s body. Owing itself to the body’s ability to slow its processes while sleeping, the first few hours of sleep were unabated. The voices of neighbors and traffic volume penetrated the thin walls of the apartment. But they were not nearly enough to wake Karenna. Her body wished it had been. Her bladder had stretched as far as it could to protect its master, but that protection was wearing thin. Not wanting to lose the wine and water, her body tightened its grip on her bladder. Years of training had conditioned it to protect Karenna from any embarrassment that it might cause. But as her kidneys continued to dump their excess into the black woman’s bulging bladder, embarrassment might be unavoidable.

Trying it’s best to wake the slumbering Karenna, her body desperately tried to warn her. Every alarm was sent to her brain, every warning that her bladder was too full was delivered. But it wasn’t received. Karenna continued to sleep, dreamless. The sleeping pill had done its job, and her bladder was paying the price. Her bladder was too full, and her muscles could only be tightened for so long. Her body was about to relax, and gave one more desperate plea to its master. Still, Karenna slept.

It was a shiver. Then a trickle. Had she been in the nude, the slowly forming stream would have just looked like moisture. It was clear, and had someone been near her, all they would have known was that a suspicious sound was stemming from Karenna. While not nearly as strong as her daytime wetting, her usual hiss had been relaced by a slight trickle. What sounded like a creek gently pushing itself over rocks was in fact Karenna’s urine pushing though her genital walls. As her bladder fully contracted, the slight trickle had become a small stream. She didn’t know it, but Karenna was wetting the bed.

The light fabric of her pink pajama bottoms held a little bit of her urine, but they quickly darkened. The thin fabric was just a temporary barrier as Karenna’s piss started to soak the sheets. Unlike her typical standing wettings, the pee pooled around her crotch, forming a small lake just below her crotch. The pool of urine seeped into her pajama legs, giving her formerly pink fabric a dark hue. As the last of her urine poured out, it soaked the back of her loose shirt. The entirety of Karenna’s butt was drenched in urine. Karenna’s spread legs now housed a cooling pool of urine. Without knowing it, Karenna had peed her pajamas and in her bed.

Waking up was a blur. Whether it was eight in the morning or noon, Karenna had no idea. Was her phone ringing? Wasn’t it her alarm? No. Someone was calling her. She reached for it, and felt a cold pool of liquid. As she grabbed her phone off the night stand, she felt naughty. While not the shame she was hoping for, it was still something different. Her phone gave her an unrecognized number. As she felt the familiar feeling of a desperately needed morning pee, she sensed an opportunity for more play. Expecting a spam caller, she picked up the phone and began to relieve her bladder into her pajamas and bed. Her cold crotch quickly warmed again and she answered the phone

“Hi is this Ms. Bryant?” It wasn’t a spam caller

“This is she.”

“Are you home today? We have your mattress” The man had some strain in his voice, obviously from the weight of the object

“Umm…Ah...ahh! Just…Just give me a moment!” Karenna had to think fast. She had intended, if had had been, tell the spam caller that they made her pee herself. She tried to stem the flow.

Clutching herself, her hand was immersed in a lukewarm puddle of pee. Stopping was hard. A jet of urine escaped. Then another spirt. She compressed her legs. They dragged through her puddle as well. Finally she stopped, still desperate. She couldn’t get the door in her pajamas, especially now that they were piss stained pink shorts. Though she was panicking, her hardened nipples told the real story. Bouncing in front of her dresser, Karenna quickly removed her darkened shorts. Next was her shirt. She flung them around the corner into the open bathroom. She crossed her legs as she flung a yellow sundress on. She didn’t have time for underwear. It was as unseasonable as her dress, but at this point necessary.

There was a knock on the door. The men had been waiting for nearly 20 minutes. What was Karenna to do about the sheets? She flung them aside, her puddle dripping onto the carpeted floor. Her old mattress now showed a wet stain. One that was not coming out in a few moments. Thinking quickly, she tossed her white shirt over the stain. It covered it well, but for how long?

She finally answered the door. Trying to conceal her desperation was an immense challenge. Both the men were annoyed as they lugged the large box into the den. She had them set it down in the middle of the room, and as they both turned to set their heavy load down, Karenna crossed her legs. She felt like she was moments away from losing it on the floor. Exhaling at the pain she tried to look normal. One of the men gave her a stare. He had mistaken her exasperation for impatience. She would take that over him knowing the truth. Standing, the two men prepped to take her old mattress away. Karenna had to think quickly

“Oh, let me help with that.”

“It’s fine Ma’am, we can handle it.”

“No! No, see it’s close to the wall and…” She nearly started to pee “…and it’s awkward without three people.”

“Whatever. Take the end next to Cliff.”

“I think I’d be better in the middle.” Clumsily smiling she hoped she could get away with it

“Whatever.” He shrugged again

Just don’t pee. Flip the mattress for them. Take your shirt. Don’t pee. Just don’t pee. Oh my God you’re peeing

The strain in lifting and flipping the heavy mattress was too much for her small frame. A quick spirt and a small trickle followed. It stopped, just for a moment. A bead of pee ran down her leg and onto the carpet. Cringing she helped move the now flipped mattress through her small apartment. As they neared the door she removed her shirt, its cover over her stain no longer needed. She was about to explode. She set her shirt down on the small table and grabbed her purse. The two men opened the door. As she grabbed an ample tip, she knew she was out of time. She wobbled towards the door, trying to stay composed. A spurt. A leak. A flow. As she handed the man a generous sum of money over his shoulder, she crossed her legs. An attempt to hid the fact that a small stream of pee was running down the back of them. She hoped there was no sound as it escaped. The man was about to leave. He saw the tip. He turned to thank her.

“Woah! Hey you’re alright after all.”

“N-no…nah n-no problem.” Karenna sputtered out, a small puddle began to form down her leg.

She nearly closed the door on the confused man. Whether or not he saw her, Karenna didn’t care. She sprinted towards the bathroom, her holding ability nearly dashed. Pee was starting to spray out of her. A trail followed her as she flung the bathroom door open. With pee running down her legs Karenna decided to sit on the brim of the tub. Finally relaxing, she sighed.

Her urine charged forth, splattering the walls of the tub and spraying her butt with the residue. As she hissed into her tub, her tub drain started to gurgle, evidence of a long-held pee. Karenna grabbed the sides of the bathtub for support. Moaning with relief as she enjoyed the release, Karenna looked back down the hall. Cleaning up a trail of pee was going to be her next task, but as her deflated bladder finally started to empty, she reflected on the whole experience.

It had been her first bedwetting as an adult. She certainly enjoyed the embarrassment and surprise of waking up to wet shorts and an obvious accident, but she felt short changed from missing the experience of the wetting itself. Maybe next time, she’d be awake while she wet her sheets. After all, she did have a new bed to christen.

*044*2021-11-10 01:24

{{4 hours ago, Bucketman said:

Honestly I love it. It haven’t seen many on-purpose bedwettings like that and it was really nice. The description itself was also great. Thank you for doing so well with the request.

}}

No problem! I took a gamble by having her unconscious, but I wanted to see how it could be done from a writing perspective. It’s not a big part of my omo interest, but I get why its enticing. So I really wanted to nail it for you and other enthusiasts. Really glad it worked!

{{2 hours ago, PeeHour said:

Excellent! I love the transformation of Karenna - she really enjoys this now. And the playful banter between Mary-Ann and Karenna about their new shared interest is captivating.

I wonder if the two current coworkers will somehow have their secret found out by the new employee? Or maybe they'll introduce her to it on purpose? I don't know, there are many different directions you could take this and I'm excited to see where it goes regardless of how it unfolds.

I'm liking where this story is going. Looking forward to the next part!

}}

It almost feels like she’s becoming more of the enthusiast over Mary-Ann, but writing their banter is almost as fun as the actual wetting, if I do say so myself.

I will say, Cassie only passed the first phone interview- she still has the in-person interview before we see if she’s fit for service. But Karenna can get adventurous, can’t she? And with chapter 4 coming in soon, who knows where that will take us?

*046*2021-11-12 03:12

A/N: Hey, we're back on schedule, how about that! Anyway, here is interlude 2.2, and boy is it spicy! It's my first time writing a post pee sex scene, so I'm a little worried about how it came out. I like the sexual part of omo, sure, but I also really like how softcore it can be. Did I go too far? Let me know, also, there's a question I want you to answer at the bottom, after you're done reading. Lastly, the peeing aspect was requested by @orangelion

, and I have to say, I really liked it! A similar scenario might show up again in chapter 4. As always, feedback is not only appreciated, but encouraged, and you too can suggest a scene for an interlude, either comment it or send me a DM. Next part should be available on Sunday 11.14.2021

Interlude 2.2:

The beat of the music drove Karenna’s hips. Swaying back and forth, locking in each place, her skintight red dress hung to her gyrating body. Even in the brief flashes of light, Karenna could hardly make out who she was dancing with. He was tall, she could tell that much. He was an awkward dancer. Karenna knew she stood out, even with him. Her dress sparkled as each of the lights of the club bounced off her small stature. With each sway of her hips, she temporarily exercised her problems out. A few drinks in, and she was alive.

She felt a stroke on her left shoulder. A touch. The smallest of hairs on her arms stood at attention. She shivered. She spun. Standing at Karenna’s eye level was a petite Asian woman. Her smoky eye makeup gave her a devilish appearance in the dark. The two acquaintances spun each other around. Their hands locking for the first time. Karenna felt cold, excited. Something was different about this girl. She seductively danced herself was closer to Karenna. Ran a hand up her thigh. Karenna couldn’t help but moan. The two locked eyes. Karenna staring, the other woman blinked, avoiding Karenna’s gaze. Trying to win her back, Karenna reached out. She touched the smooth skin on her partner’s arm.

The woman turned, a sly smile on her face. The two moved their hips the beat of the music. Another song, this one slower. As Karenna slowed down, she felt her earlier drinks catch her bladder. Deciding to go after this song, she stoked the back of her partner. The woman’s strapless black dress was harsh, a different texture than her soft skin. She responded, lightly swishing her hand from the hem of Karenna’s dress, just missing her snatch, up to her breasts. Though her hand never made contact, as it brushed over her bladder, Karenna instinctively closed her thighs. An obvious move, she felt a flash of embarrassment.

The woman looked down, having seen Karenna’s movement. She met Karenna’s eyes and winked. Lightly sliding a finger over Karenna's left shoulder, she leaned in, talking just over the music

“My kind of girl.”

Karenna’s heart skipped a beat. Infatuation and lust filled her veins. Desire warmed her body. As the song ended, so did their dance. Sliding away, Karenna gave her own wink back. Guided by instinct she actually spoke

“Don’t go away.”

The other woman smiled as Karenna slipped her way past the bar towards the bathrooms. Karenna no longer felt the beat of the music. She was walking on air, her heart nearly falling out of her chest. A rush so great she nearly felt faint. Their was a fairly long line for the ladies. Typical. Though it gave her time to lean against the wall and catch her breath. This reprieve was short as the same woman stood next to her. Karenna got a look at her similar breast size. She was cute. And very clearly interested.

“That was quite the show.” The woman started

“You’re quite the dancer” Karenna responded

She smiled slyly, “I was more interested in that move at the end.”

“This?” Karenna crossed her legs and bounced her hips. The move outweighed her desperation

“Yeah. That. You have a name as cute as that wiggle?”

“Karenna, you?”

The woman put a hand on Karenna back. Shivers again “I think I’ll just call you K.”

“Pet names already?” Karenna batted her eye lashes, hoping they hid her complete arousal

“I don’t know. Are you a pet?”

The line moved up one

“I can be. If you’re nice enough.”

“Seems like you got a little bite.” She leaned over Karenna’s left shoulder, whispering now “Or maybe you’re just frisky because you’ve got to piss?”

Karenna jogged her legs in place “Maybe.”

“See, I think you’re lying to me.”

Karenna turned her head, craning her neck to lock eyes with this woman “Really?” She asked in a low tone

“I think you’re trying to hide it. I think you had one extra and this whole time; you’ve been waiting for it.”

Karenna got a sparkle in her eye. She wished that was the case. But she wanted to play.

“You’ve been waiting too long, haven’t you?”

Karenna was melting into her emotions. She moaned in response. Her quean continued to lure her

“I know you’re desperate K. This line isn’t moving and I think you’re about to piss yourself.”

It wasn’t true. Karenna wanted to be. She was out of words as her nipples hardened from pleasure. Her panties were wet in another way.

“But you know what K?”

Karenna looked at her, her eyes ablaze with lust.

“Me too.”

Karenna nearly came on the spot. She could hardly control her breathing. Her whole body wobbled in anticipation. The woman pulled on Karenna’s shoulder, her butt collided with the alluring girls genitals. Whispering in Karenna’s left ear, she spoke

“It’s always important to take your pets out to squat- isn’t it?”

Karenna moaned again.

“You’d like that, wouldn’t you”

Karenna was incapable of words.

“That’s not an answer K.”

“Yes.”

“Yes what?”

“I’d like to go out and…” Embarrassment caught her. Lust kicked the words out “…Squat with you”

“You want to piss for me?”

“Yes.”

“Then I need just one thing from you.”

“What? Anything.” Karenna was over taken by all of her desires

“Tell her.” The woman pointed to the girl in front of them

“W-what?” Karenna wasn’t sure what her tempting damsel wanted

“Tell her how bad you’ve got to piss. Prove that you want me.”

Karenna gulped. This is what she wanted, right? Her deepest fantasies. Shame and desire. But she was afraid. She walked up behind the unsuspecting girl. She was in thigh-high socks and a short skirt. Karenna’s palms were sweating. She had nearly forgotten her need to pee. She pushed herself though it. Every fiber of her body told her not to.

“Um…e-ex…excuse me.” The woman turned, her phone light showing her makeup covered face.

“I’ve uh…” Karenna’s mind tried its hardest to stop her. Her body demanded it. “um…I-I have to pee.”

The woman looked up from her phone “Oh. Okay?” She was confused.

Karenna didn’t know where to go with the interaction. She felt a presence behind her. Her desire for the night stood behind her. She stepped forward. Intervening on Karenna’s behalf.

“Sorry about my friend here. She’s a little shy- but she’s about to piss her panties.” She had Karenna’s shoulders as she whisked the two of them away “I’ll deal with her though.”

As she slipped Karenna out a side door, she whispered “You want this, don’t you?”

Karenna swallowed her embarrassment. Her feelings of regret. “Uh-huh”

The two snuck behind a dumpster. Karenna slid her red panties down. They went over her heels and onto the concrete. She leaned her back against the wall. She wanted a strong stream, a long pee to prolong her anticipation of what might happen after. She wouldn’t normally, but she spread her tight pussy, showing off for her potential mate. Closing her eyes, she felt a familiar rush towards her pee hole. The erotic nature of peeing with another woman was a brand new sensation. It felt-

“Shit, someone’s coming!”

Karenna couldn’t see anyone, but she wasn’t about to get arrested. She closed herself and held her hand over her crotch. It warmed as pee escaped. Then it stopped. She couldn’t find her panties and her desperation had dramatically increased. Her piss was promised an exit, and it was denied. The woman spoke again

“Did you get to pee?”

“No. And it’s bad now.”

“My place is two blocks from here, you can go there. If you can hold it.”

Karenna looked up and smiled, she knew where this was going. But her bladder was heavy, and she was desperate for the second time that day.

The woman slid behind Karenna as they exited the ally way. A small line was still out front, full of patrons attempting to get into the club. As the pair began to cross the street, a cold wind blew. Without the protection of her panties, Karenna felt the cold right up against her. A pang of desperation. Her bladder pressed against her again, begging for the release it was promised. As the two came up on a crosswalk, Karenna had to cross her legs for real. The cold air was not doing her any favors.

“Don’t even think about peeing here.” The woman slapped Karenna’s ass

The surprise contact jolted a few drops out of Karenna. She grabbed herself. The woman spoke in a low tone

“Even if you’ve got no panties to wet.”

Karenna couldn’t think of a reply. Her need had become real as her play had turned into true desperation. They finally got to walk again, the movement caused more drops to escape. Cursing herself for her play in bed that morning, she tried to nurse her weak bladder. She clenched her thighs together, stopping her walk.

“You’re not going to make it if you keep stopping.”

“I don’t think I’m going to make it either way.”

As her bladder continued to collect more alcohol from the club, she exhaled. It officially hurt now. She started to walk again, but her bladder wasn’t going to take much more of this. Another crosswalk. Karenna started to sweat

“This way.”

As she took Karenna by the shoulder, the movement was felt through her urinary system. It pounded her tried pee hole. It begged her. The street was nearly empty at this dark hour. No one would notice. Stopping to grab herself Karenna rasped her decision

“I-I reall-really need this. I’m sorry.” She started again

“No.” She heard Karenna’s jet of pee slap the concrete “NO! You piss right here and I’ll leave you here.” She lowered her tone “And you’re too cute to just leave.”

Karenna clenched again. Pee continued to spill into her hand. She was able to squeeze shut. Barely. She had two needs she wanted to desperately clear. But her bladder was soon to decide for her.

“H-how much further? I c…I don’t t-think I can wait much longer.”

“Up this street. Be a good girl for me.”

Karenna walked at a slow pace. Crossing on leg in front of the other as she did. She was sure she was slowly leaking pee as she did. A shiver. She couldn’t hold it anymore

“I-I’m peeing.”

A clear jet of pee shot forth. The sidewalk was quickly splashed with a desperately held piss. It splashed Karenna’s heels as more relief stuck her. She felt something. A hand. It forced her walls shut.

“I told you. You’re going to hold it.” Karenna’s pee slid out of the slits in the woman’s fingers, still hitting the concrete.

A jet sprayed up from her pee hole and wet her dress in the front. The woman commanded

“And you’ll hold it because I told you to. Now stop pissing.”

Karenna tried to do as commanded. It sputtered, her flow slowing down. She put her hands over the woman’s. Karenna had never been so turned on in her life. As her pee shut off, Karenna looked over her left shoulder. She tried to kiss this mystery woman. She had more power over Karenna bladder than even she did. The woman pull away

“Since you can’t hold it like a good girl, I’m going to help you. But you better not piss in my hand.”

“I-I’ll try.”

“You’d better. Apartment is just up ahead.”

As the two walked at Karenna’s speed, the woman began massage Karenna’s exposed pussy. A range of emotions pulsed through her. Her release and her desire for sex diminished her bladder’s priority. While it still burned in anticipation to be voided, she made her way to the white awning of the old brick building. The paint was peeling off the doors. Karenna stopped in front of them, still holding herself. The woman spoke

“I’m taking my hand away. If you piss on the door, I’m leaving you out here. Is that clear?”

“Uh-huh.” Karenna could hardly speak though her desperation for both sex and relief

Slowly the woman let go, and Karenna tightened her muscles, asking for one last hold. As the woman’s hand left, Karenna placed her own hands back over her exposed self. She held it, though not without difficulty.

“H-hurry.”

The woman didn’t respond to her plea. She opened the door, the hallway was hot, exceedingly so. The first door on the left. Apartment number 3. Just before the stairs. Karenna shook in front of the door. Quivering. The woman slowly unlocked the door, and gently pushed it open. Karenna tried to rush inside but her shoulder was caught. Now just inside the door to the dark room, the woman held her.

“P-please I-I can’t.”

“I know. I know you can’t hold it anymore. I know your going to piss on my floor.” She closed the door with her free hand and took Karenna’s womanhood again.

“But I’m going to let you be bad.”

In a moment the hardwood floor was splattering. Karenna had never relaxed so fast in her life. It splattered her legs, and soaked the woman’s hand. In the erotic experience she was having, she still wished she was wearing her panties. With the woman’s hand over her, she couldn’t even pull her dress down to wet it. Surprised at how much she missed that part of it, her feelings were replaced by the fact that she was about to cum. Her hissing pee was starting to die down and the woman had begun manipulating her clit. She told Karenna

“But bad girls need to be punished. And you’ve been so dirty.”

As the two made out Karenna’s dress found its way into her puddle. The woman guided her into the bedroom, Karenna found it hard to see in the dark. As the two collapsed om the bed, Karenna was handed something.

“Bite these, you’re going to scream.”

They were her panties. How this woman got her hands on them wasn’t a problem right now, Karenna needed this. And scream she did.

Having finished writhing and pleasuring each other, Karenna lay on this strangers bed, spent. Reflecting, she finally asked again

“What is your name?”

The woman turned to Karenna, and swung her leg over the nude girl. Karenna felt a warm sensation on her stomach. Whoever they were, they were peeing on her. Relaxing, Karenna let go too, peeing the bed as well. The woman leaned in close again. Finally whispering in Karenna’s left ear.

“I’m Chloe. And I’m the worst mistake of your life.”

A/N: So what do you all think of Chloe? Does she fit her role well, or is she too over the top? Would really love your first impressions of her, because, without spooling anything, she will be reoccurring. In what capacity? There are certain clues I left in some of the descriptions, which should let careful readers in on the direction of Karenna's ark.

*048*2021-11-14 00:08

{{On 11/12/2021 at 7:55 AM, PeeHour said:

First impressions of Cloe: She doesn't mess around, knows exactly what she wants, and isn't afraid to say it! I'll admit, I thought this was going to end up being a dream scene or fantasy with how well it seemed to be going for Karenna (and how Chloe seemed to be reading her mind). But then when she realized her panties and dress weren't getting wet and actually seemed disappointed at that, I think that grounded it back to reality. Chloe seems more likely into the peeplay / golden showers stuff rather than omo (which seems more common and makes it more realistic), whereas Karenna is more into the omo side of primarily wetting and desperation. If my assumption is correct, it'll be interesting to see Karenna shift Chloe over into her world - it's not too far of a jump! (And I wonder how will this affect Karenna's interest in her boss?)

As far as the sexiness/explicitness, I think you did well of walking the line between softcore and, well, hardcore. The story was super hot, and without delving too far, you managed to describe a "spicy" encounter. As always, I'm looking forward to the next part!

}}

I like your breakdown of Chloe, she certainly is direct, did you pick up on a sinister (maybe a hint) vibe? I was trying to focus my writing on colors this time around, specifically with the dark and almost mystical colors of the club. I agree, not only was she direct, but that Karenna was also submissive. But I can't help but think the focus on colors hurt the writing in this section

This might be as far as I go with the sexual content, the final interlude of this section will be a wetting, but almost no sexual content.

{{On 11/12/2021 at 2:22 PM, orangelion said:

@PeeHour

Summarized my thoughts perfectly, better than I could have. Adding another more frisky woman into the mix makes things more interesting.

On another note @PPP

Just posted a short story with a similar scenario if anyone wants to give it a read.

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/71930-omovember-2021-day-7/

}}

I'm glad the story still moved in the right direction for you, all though I feel like I mis-steped on the execution a little. But thank you for introducing me to the concept of holding without panties. Upskirt/doing something bottomless is part of my non-omo interest, and I never thought to combine the two. Another scenario will show up again later (and maybe sooner rather than later)

*050*2021-11-14 02:26

{{4 minutes ago, orangelion said:

I'm not totally vested in this idea, but I'm just throwing it out there, what if one the women pulls a saran wrap toilet prank.

By the way, I think I'll skip all the wetting chapters from now on because to be honest I'm not a big fan of wetting.

}}

Not sure how this might work with each of the girls personalities, but I like the idea!

If you want to skip the wetting, the peeing scenes in chapter 4 will be 4.1, 4.2 and 4.6

*052*2021-11-14 06:33

A/N: You won't mind if I post a little early, would you? Here's the final Interlude before chapter 4, and Mary-Ann may have finally met her prince. Though the question is, will he found out about her "habit"? And What will he think of it? While not all answered in this interlude, like with Chloe, I'd like your first impressions of Tyler, and their relationship. How does it compare to Karenna's? I also went with a more traditional description here, and tried to be more concrete. Let me know how I did, feedback as always is not only appreciated, but encouraged. Don't be afraid to tell me what you like or don't like or if you have a suggestion, scenario or otherwise!

Interlude 2.3

The warm dashboard provided a crisp juxtaposition to the cool air outside. Having just left the gym, Mary-Ann was freshly showered and bundled up in her sweater. As she sipped her what remained of her gym water, she couldn’t get the dry feeling out of her mouth. It had been months since she went on a date, and even longer since she had been on one with a guy she was actually interested in. What it was about him, she didn’t know. Perhaps it was because of their last few interactions, she had been wet or wetting in all of them. Maybe it was jealousy.

She had spoken to Karenna the night before, and Karenna had mentioned that she had found someone, while Mary-Ann was happy for her friend, she couldn’t help but feel a little alone. She could see her favorite coffee shop just beyond the red light. She took another drink from her water bottle. In an attempt to finish it, she overflowed her mouth, spilling excess water on her cozy sweater. Mary-Ann cursed as she tried to dry the expensive fleece with her hand.

The light turned green, and she nearly ran into the back of the car in front of her. Her mind was focused on making a good impression. Waiting for an opening in traffic, so that she could turn into the small strip mall, Mary-Ann preened her favorite light jeans. They were casual, but tight. As she turned into the parking lot, she knew she could show-off nicely.

Mary-Ann was happy there was no line, and Hanna was working today, the ever cheerful girl was happy to see Mary-Ann.

“Hey! Mary-Ann! You’re here a little late!”

“Well, I’m meeting someone.”

“Oh? Business?”

Mary-Ann smiled sheepishly. “No…a date.” She couldn’t help but smile

“Aww, good for you!” Hanna leaned in closer “Are they here yet?” She whispered

Mary-Ann scanned the room, not expecting to see him. But she found him. Alone at a table for two. Set up nicely in the corner, engrossed in his tablet. Mary-Ann turned back to Hanna.

“That guy, right there”

“Tyler? He’s cute.”

“You know him?”

“Yeah! He and my sister went to high school together!”

“Really? Is that still going well for you.”

“Yeah, but being a 19 year-old is a little embarrassing. It sucks having an early birthday. You’re getting the usual, right?”

Mary-Ann nodded. Hanna turned to start making it. Silent for a moment. When she returned to ring up Mary-Ann’s order, Mary-Ann continued

“I missed your birthday? You should have said something, I’m in here enough.” The two laughed. Another patron stepped up behind Mary-Ann.

“It was certainly an eventful birthday, I’ll tell you that! But you were in here. It was over the summer, I think you said you had that big meeting.”

“Yes! You should have said something!”

“Hey, you gave me a 20! That was good enough.” Hanna was glad she was wearing her mask, Mary-Ann couldn’t see how hard she was blushing “I got sent home early anyways…”

“Oh? Oh! I’m sorry Hanna, are you ok?”

“Yeah, I’m fine. Just, um, little more cautious.” She handed Mary-Ann another drink

“Well, that’s good to hear.” Mary-Ann would never forget what happened to her that day. She wondered about the extra drink “I didn’t order this”

“I know. But it’s Tyler’s favorite. On the house today!”

Mary-Ann thanked her and left a good tip. Hanna was a sweet girl, and Mary-Ann wished the best for her. She made her way towards Tyler, a slight twinge in her bladder from the water earlier. But she didn’t care at the moment. As Tyler looked up from his work, a smile crossed his face. He stood. He pulled out the chair for Mary-Ann. And antiquated gesture perhaps, but for someone with a reputation for being a bit of a meathead, Mary-Ann was pleasantly surprised. She set down the drinks on the table, her purse on the floor next to her, and gave Tyler a friendly hug.

As they embraced, Tyler could hardly keep his hands still. He was more nervous than he had been in years. Why did he, of all of the other guys, get a chance with the brightest star in his industry? She could have anyone. And here she was. They sat down across from each other; Mary-Ann smiling at him, and he at her. He was surprised she knew his favorite coffee. But as he turned the cardboard cup, he saw a little note from Hanna. She thinks your cute!! The exclamation points were dotted with little hearts. Filled with confidence, he started out small.

“I saw you were invited to Steven Warner’s event. You were great! Tell me again about the process you use. With the questions?”

“Tyler. You just did it. That’s it.” She beamed with joy and intrigue at his timidness

“Anything that could be a statement, pose as a question. Here. I could simply state what my hobbies are, or I could just ask you what yours are. You can find out a lot by just asking questions. It’s a little important for sales, isn’t it?”

Tyler nodded, slightly enlightened by Mary-Ann’s words. “If you’re seriously asking, I like football. And, I know it sounds a little odd, but I do like work too.”

“Hey, that not odd. When you like what you do, you like what you do. And, I think you do a good job of it!” She threw a complement his way.

“Well, that’s just because I was trying to impress the mortgage officer on the other side.”

“Awww.” Mary-Ann couldn’t help but feel those little butterflies in her stomach. For someone who was supposed to be slow on the take, he was certainly quick on his feet.

The two talked about business and industry trends for a while. Mary-Ann was lost in his green eyes. Short, close cropped hair and the fact that his arms showed that he worked out, she was certainly physically attracted to him. It was a nice distraction from her bladder, which reminded her of its need with each sip of her coffee. But as Tyler made another astute point about the Real Estate industry, she decided to hold it. There was more to him than just looks, and besides, what if one day he wanted her to hold it for him? The thought aroused her.

The topic moved back to football. A lighter conversation, Mary-Ann asked what Tyler liked about it

“Well, I only played in high school, but I thought it was a great, I dunno, metaphor for life? Like, no matter what hits you, or how hard it hits you, if you’re prepared, you’ll get back up. If you’re not.” He paused “Well…damn I guess it hurts either way.” The two laughed, Mary-Ann’s bladder did not find the joke so funny.

It kicked her muscles, sending a warning to her brain. Crossing her legs, Mary-Ann told her filling bladder to quiet.

“No, but seriously. I think life is always going to be hard. It’s just how you react that matters.” He waited “You know I think the cute lady sitting across from me said something similar.”

Mary-Ann blushed. She finished her cooled coffee. Her insides were nearly jelly, except for her hard bladder. Her hand now free from holding her coffee cup, she placed it over her crotch, a sign of her growing desperation. Even as her coffee had begun to hit her bladder, she was having fun with her hold. She never wanted this conversation to end.

“Well, the cute guy sitting across from me is right.”

“Who, me?” Tyler pointed at himself

The two burgeoning lovers shared another giggle, and Mary-Ann felt like a school girl. A school girl that needed to pee. He bladder spasmed at her laugh, demanding to know why as filled it up with coffee after all that water at the gym. Her hand now firmly grasped her walls together. She was still enjoying her hold.

“You know, football is my favorite sport too. My dad was the head coach of our high school team, he used to take me to all the games.” Her bladder warned her again

“I can’t say that I still like the college or pro games as much” Tyler responded “It just feels like basketball on grass now. Who can have the flashiest players? You know, there’s just not the intellectual side of it that there used to be.”

Mary-Ann nodded. She wished she could respond with a great answer, but her mind was slowly focusing more and more on her bladder needs. She shifted her weight again, bouncing a bit as she did. Taking the opportunity to survey the coffee shop, most patrons hadn’t noticed her. But Hanna walked by, shooting Mary-Ann an inquisitive look. Arching her back slightly forward, Mary-Ann ground her sensitive mound into the chair. Tyler gave her a look

“You ok? I didn’t mean to get caught up in sports talk.”

“What? No, no, I’m fine. I’m just…nervous is all.” Mary-Ann had a fleeting fantasy of telling him how badly she needed to pee

“Oh. Well…it’s kind of cute.” Damn it! Why the hell did I just say that Tyler was afraid that he was too forward

If he only knew. Mary-Ann smiled, her floodwaters nestled behind her clenched muscles. She kept her posture tilted above her swollen bladder. She turned to look at the ladies room. A mother and another woman stood in line. They were going to take a while. Mary-Ann didn’t know how much longer she could keep this up. She turned back to Tyler. Their eyes met. For a moment, they stayed locked. Mary-Ann leaned herself forward more. She wanted to kiss him. He was different than the rest. He didn’t make a move. She knew he must have wanted to. His eyes gave him away. Her bladder kicked her again, demanding her attention. She tapped her foot in response, a sign that her hold was starting weaken. Tyler had another provocative question

“Do you think that art has gotten better or worse over time?”

Taken by the question, Mary-Ann thought for a moment. She struggled to come up with an answer, the only thing on her mind was her urgent need to pee. Her emotions were mixed. She wanted to stay and talk. She wanted relief. But she also wanted this with Tyler. For him to know her in an intimate way. She admonished herself for thinking such thoughts on her first date. And guessed an answer to his question.

“Better, I think.”

“Really?”

“Yeah.” She shifted again. Now rocking back and forth

“Artists are more free to express themselves now and we don’t need to paint to imitate life.” Her bladder contracted. She held on, pushing her free hand into herself. It was nearly time to do something about it

“Wow, I couldn’t disagree more. In my opinion, its like the concept of time.” He looked at his watch “Oh no!” Tyler exclaimed “I’m like 15 minuets late for this meeting!” He opened up his laptop again. “I really hate to do this Mary-Ann, we’ve been talking for a while, and…I didn’t want to end it.”

“N-neither did I” Mary-Ann was shocked at the sudden movement, but was also engaged in a battle with her bladder.

“Can we do this again next week?”

“Y-yes. Please.” Why on earth did you say that? Mary-Ann scolded herself.

As she stood, she did so gingerly. Each movement of her leg muscles took control away from her bladder. She couldn’t fully extend herself. Though her back needed a stretch. Tyler stood as well.

“I’ll walk you to the door at least. I’m really sorry.”

At least my bladder thanks you. “I’m looking forward to it.”

They reached the door, with Mary-Ann carefully crossing one leg in front of the other as she walked. Tyler opened the door for her. She turned and smiled, her back towards the parking lot. The warm sun shone down on her back. She had to make an effort to let him know how she felt. Her bladder wanted her to keep walking. She stood straight as she could. Trying her best not to dance.

“Thanks for taking me out Tyler. I-I…um…uh” Her voice faltered as her panties warmed.

No! No! Stop! An extra second! Please! It stopped briefly as she begged her bladder. She had started to wet herself. While not noticeable now, there was no way she could get back inside. And no graceful way to steer the conversation in that direction. She had to think quickly. She finished thanking him

“I…I’ll let you…get b-back to it.”

He looked concerned but Mary-Ann turned away, hoping that he would think she was just shy. She hopped down off the sidewalk, her tall brown boots providing little support. She balled her fists as she could see her car. Another spirt. Another. A third, this one longer. Mary-Ann could see an obvious dark patch on the crotch of her light jeans. The parking lot was right in front of a main road. Cars could see her. This can’t be happening. I can’t believe I did this to myself! That was so stupid! By some grace she made it to her car without anymore leaks. She opened the driver side door, still unsure of what to do. She thought of a cup. No, she had none. But she remembered the towel she had put in the backseat after her mishap on the side of the highway. That was it.

She opened the backseat door, tossed the towel in the front, and climbed in the cabin. She put the towel down on the seat, and closed the door behind her. Immediately she let go.

To no one but herself she screamed from relief “Oh MAN! I can’t even hold it anymore!”

Her dam burst, the crotch of her light jeans darkening anew. She moaned as a puddle formed around her darkening thighs. She continued to moan at the relief, and the feeling of sexuality flowing through her. She panted to herself

“I…had…to…go…so…bad.” And I loved it so much She thought as she sat back into her seat, closing her eyes. Her puddle making a light splashing noise.

A knock on the door. She opened her eyes. It was Tyler. What was he doing back out here? Turning on her side, hoping to hide the stain, she felt the outside of her leg absorb her still expanding puddle. She did her best to stop. She rolled down the window.

“H-hey, what-what’s up?” She muscled out.

“You forgot your purse.”

“Oh! My…h-hero.” She could hold it in anymore.

The two locked eyes again as more of Mary-Ann’s pee began to saturate her panties. She was turned, and her flow instead went down one leg, rather than pooling around her butt. Tyler was none the wiser.

Just do it man! You were the hometown hero for four years of football, and you can’t even tell her how you feel? Tyler was sweating as the two stayed silent. He loved her blue eyes. You’ll regret it forever if you don’t. Tyler remembered what his father used to say before doing something dumb.

“Aw hell” He pecked Mary-Ann on the cheek. A quick kiss

He has no idea I’m peeing my pants right now. Were Mary-Ann thoughts just before she felt it. He kissed her. Overcome with the emotion of the moment, she reached her hands out of the car. Grabbing him by the collar she pulled him over to the door. She kissed him back, deeply. She hugged him. Moaning as the rest of her pee finally exited her. They broke the kiss. She asked

“Is that what you wanted, tiger?”

Tyler stuttered. A stupid smile on his face. Mary-Ann felt sneaky, he had no idea how wet her pants were. And now, in more ways than one. She continued

“Dinner next week?”

“I-I-I’d love too.” He was still stunned

The two parted, and Mary-Ann sat back down in her cooled puddle. She had a little more already. Relaxing as it rewet and rewarmed her panties, she reminisced about their encounters. When he first brought it up to her, she had just tried her first public wetting. When he asked her out, she had been finishing a long hold, in her pants, and now, they had made out as she wet. While she pulled out of her parking spot, she wondered if maybe peeing her pants before a date- or during was her little good luck charm. As her second wetting stopped, She thought about his questions, his insight. He was more than just his looks.

Mary-Ann sat in her damp pants and towel at the final red light before her apartment gateway. Part of her feared how she would get home without her neighbors seeing her. The other part was still focused on Tyler. She heard her phone buzz, it was from Tyler

This meeting is so boring. Why’d it have to take our time away?

Despite what her bladder thought, Mary-Ann had really wanted the conversation to go on. She sent him a brief text back

Me too! Can’t wait for next week!

As Mary-Ann spotted her apartment complex over the hill, she couldn’t keep the grin off her face. Maybe this wasn’t just a date, but the start of a close-knit future.

