Hot for teacher

Author: kmwet

*000*2017-12-14 21:30

Chapter one

Danny was 24, 6 feet tall, with brown hair, blue eyes, and sexy chiseled jaw kind of handsome. He had just finished getting his education degree and was set to start his first teaching Job; high school science teacher.

When Danny was 21 he had just finished his third year of university working on his biology degree prior to getting his education degree he was in a car accident. He was injured pretty badly, he spent just under a month in hospital before being transferred to a rehab centre for another six weeks. When he left the rehab centre he looked like he had recovered 100%. Unfortunately for Danny that wasn't the case. He left wearing a diaper and has been wearing one ever since. He had some pretty severe nerve damage to his bladder and as a result couldn't tell when he was 'full'. An awareness of his fluid intake and a regular toileting routine meant he stayed dry most of the time, but he couldn't rely on that. Especially not around a group of teenagers that he needed the respect of. It was not a risk he was willing to take. Wearing diapers to work itself was a risk, but a wet diaper is better than wet pants.

A few days before school started Danny found himself at the school with the other teachers, preparing for the year ahead. He had received his class schedule and his assigned class room. His schedule was perfect. There were five classes in a day, three before lunch and two after, he wasn't sure how he got so lucky but he had his spare period scheduled for the second class block of the day. He would be able to use the bathroom before school, after first period, again before second period, beginning and end of lunch.

He was a little worried about the time after lunch when he had two classes back to back. He figured limiting his fluid intake and making sure to use the washroom right at the end of lunch and right away after last period he should be fine. His class room was only located two doors down from the staff lounge that had a large private bathroom. Using the washroom, and even changing if needed would be easy and comfortable in there and he should be able to hide it from the other staff members easily.

The alarm clock woke both Danny and Mark on Monday morning, first day of school for Danny. Danny and Mark had been together since about four months before Danny's accident. Danny wasn't sure Mark was going to stick around, after all who wants to be in an intimate relationship with someone who semi frequently wets them selves and wets the bed every night. But Mark was a trooper, he stuck with Danny through it all, wet pants out in public, waking up to soaked sheets until the found a diaper that would hold it all over night.

He was nothing but kind and sympathetic towards Danny and his new found incontinence. Danny had been reconsidering teaching as a career path after his accident, but Mark pushed him to keep going. It had been his dream job since he was a child. So Danny persevered, finished his undergrad with a degree in Biology minoring in physics and gained admittance to the senior years education program. After six years of study today was the day, he finally had a classroom of his own and kids to teach.

To say he was nervous would be an understatement. He took a few minutes in bed to try and get himself together. He cuddled up to mark ignoring the saturated diaper between his legs, a quick feel around his bottom showed no leakage. He figured he was safe for a few minutes at least. He moved in close, laid his head on Marks chest while he threw one leg over marks hips and his arm over his abdomen. He never gave it much thought but in this position Mark could feel Danny's very full diaper press up against his hip. He wasn't sure why but it felt kind of nice. Danny spoke to Mark about his fears for the day, he had the usual first day jitters that he assumed most teachers had, but he also had the additional fear of having an accident. What if he had an accident in front of a student. There would be no way to recover from that. The point was hit home when he felt his diaper grow warm again, he felt the hot moisture bathing his privates.

He should have gotten up when his alarm went off. He tried to disengage himself from Mark but Mark wouldn't let him go. He too could feel the diaper swell some more and felt the heat of it on his hip. He could wait a minute before showering and changing. He was already upset and Mark wanted to help ease that before letting him go. He reminded him that even if he did have an accident that no one but him would know. The diapers he had were excellent, and since switching has hardly ever leaked, and when he has its always been because of more than one big wetting before changing. Wetting himself at school shouldn't be a problem as long as he changed promptly. Also, when they had gone shopping for new clothes for the school year Danny had picked out nothing but black dress pants and slacks, he was leaving nothing up to chance. Once Mark had sufficiently calmed Danny down he turned his focus to something more fun.

Before he knew it, Danny was on his back on the bed with Mark in between his legs on top of him. He leaned down and began kissing him. The kissing was getting more and more heated. Danny had almost forgotten about his soaked diaper and his need to shower and change until Mark began grinding his hips in to Danny's, though instead of feeling Marks's hardness he only felt the squish of a wet diaper between them. It was more than a little disheartening. For Danny any way, Mark didn't seem to mind. Danny put a stop to their activities and suggested they take it to the shower. He was always much more comfortable fooling around in the shower. Their shower was big and roomy with two shower heads and had a bench, it was a comfortable, big space to play around in. Danny didn't need to worry about having an accident in the shower. Mark jumped out of be first, walking naked, erection leading the way to the bathroom to turn on the shower. Danny followed behind, his full diaper sagging as he walked.

After their shower fun both Danny and Mark got ready for work. Mark was heading off to his job at the bank, he was a financial advisor. He had been doing it for the last two years while Danny was getting his teaching degree, it was how the could afford the nice apartment with the giant shower. Danny got ready for school. He wore one of his night diapers, it was a little on the thick side but stood up the best to a flooding. He was hoping he wouldn't need it. Over the diaper was his snap crotch onesie followed by black dress pants and a button down shirt tucked in to his pants. After examining himself for almost a full five minutes in the mirror he determined that you really could see the diaper under his clothes. Satisfied with his appearance he headed out the door to his car. Off to the first day of school.

The morning went smoothly as anticipated. Danny had managed to remain dry. He had only had one cup of coffee in the morning and had gone to the bathroom five times between arriving at school and the end of lunch the lunch hour. Probably overkill, but he was nervous. What he was really afraid of was the two periods after lunch. He had gone just before starting forth period but still couldn't help but worry.

Thankfully everything had turned out fine. Danny had finished out the first day and the next three dry. It was Friday morning and he and Mark were both getting ready for work.

"You know, I was really worried but it seems to be going pretty well. I have myself on a schedule and its really been working." Danny beamed as he spoke to Mark while getting dressed.

"Thats awesome babe. You wanna go out tonight? Maybe celebrate your first week as the hottest science teacher I've ever seen?" Mark replied wagging his eyebrows at Danny.

"That sounds awesome, how about wings and bowling?"

"It's a date! see you tonight baby." Mark gave him a quick kiss on the lips and a smack on his padded behind before walking out the front door. Danny followed suit not long after, making it to school in plenty time.

He kept up his usual drinking and toileting routine. The day was going well, the kids were paying a little less attention as it was a Friday but that was to be expected. He had just finished his last lesson of the day, grade 12 biology and was busy packing his bag, taking papers home to grade over the weekend. Just as he was getting ready to walk out the class room and head the the washroom before heading home for the weekend a senior student, Andy something walked in to the class room to ask for some clarification on the weekend homework. Danny happily spoke to the boy as he reached into his back pack to pull out the assignment. They were both standing at Danny's desk, the paper on top of it while Danny was explaining the directions a little more clearly.

He was mid sentence when he felt it. His genitals being bathed in hot urine, his diaper thirstily drinking it all up. He stumbled on his words for a second or two before continuing, hoping his student couldn't hear the tell tale hiss of a bladder letting go. He was starting to get worried about leaks when he could feel his wasn't stopping. He reminded himself these diapers could stand up to floods. He eventually stopped peeing, he couldn't feel anything running down his legs and he wasn't about to check in front of a student.

He finished up the conversation, once Andy had left he closed the classroom door and felt along his bottom. No leaks, when he was walking he could feel that his diaper was quite heavy and full, it had been a large pee. He could feel tears stinging his eyes. He didn't want to cry over this but he was mortified. He had just hopelessly wet his pants while standing next to a student. The young man didn't seem to notice, but Danny still felt terrible. He bypassed the bathroom at the school, it was the end of the day. He opted instead to hop in his car and head home.

*002*2017-12-20 23:14

@Brittanybunny

Thank you for your comment.

Chapter 2

Mark was on his way home from work on Friday afternoon, he was in a good mood. Hopeful about his and Danny's date tonight. The two needed a night out to have some fun, wings and bowling would be perfect. His mood fell when he got home. He saw Danny sitting on the couch in the living room, dressed in a t-shirt, gym shorts with wet hair and red rimmed eyes. He dropped is brief case buy the door and went to Danny on the couch.

"You wanna talk about it?" He quietly asked as he pulled Danny towards him, trying to offer what ever physical comfort he could.

Danny didn't speak, just leaned in to Marks embrace and shook his head 'no.'

"Did you have an accident at school?" Mark softly asked?

Again, Danny didn't speak, just nodded his head 'yes' into Marks chest.

"Did you leak?"

Once again, the only response Mark got was a slow head shale of 'no.'

Mark sighed quietly. "Hun, can I ask why you're so upset about this? You knew it was a possibility. That's why you wear protection. If you don't leak I bet no one had any idea."

Danny sniffed, and looked at mark with watery eyes. "Because I'm 24 years old and I pissed my self while talking to some 17 year old kid. I literally stood there trying to explain something to him and pissed my self, like a fucking baby. I shouldn't have to wear a diaper to school, its humiliating." Mark just pulled him closer when Danny started to cry.

"I know, its not fair." Mark didn't know what else he could say to comfort Danny. Instead he opted to just hold him close and let him cry. When Danny had finally quieted down and stopped crying Mark spoke up again. "Hey, we decided this morning that we would go out tonight. Celebrate your first week of teaching, I still want to go. So you didn't make it through the week dry, you still made it through the week and I have never been more proud of you."

"Really?" Danny asked skeptically. Unable to accept himself and his incontinence he has always had a really hard time believing Mark when he said it doesn't bother him.

"Yes, really. I know you don't believe me when I tell you, but I really don't care about what kind of underwear you have to wear, or whether it is wet or dry. I love you."

"I love you too. I should go change and get ready, and we can head out." Danny said, looking down at himself. Mark followed his line of sight and noticed the tell tale puffiness of a wet diaper through Danny's gym shorts.

"Okay babe. I'll change out of my work clothes too."

Mark was in the bedroom, having just finished getting changed when Danny walked out of the bathroom wearing just a clean, new diaper. "Hey come here babe." Mark called said to Danny. After all the years together Danny still sometimes seemed shy around Mark. Mark always tried to bottler his confidence with physical affection. Once Danny was within arms reach Mark pulled him towards him, grabbing him by his ass and pulling his body up against his own before pressing his lips up against Danny's. He released Danny and gave him a loving pat on the behind as he left him in the bedroom to et dressed for their date.

Neither man was hungry yet so they chose to go bowling before heading out for wings. Danny, always conscious of people noticing his diapers wore a darker denim jean, with a snap crotch T-shirt under the casual button down he wore.

Bowling proved to be a great time, they only played one game. At the end of the ten frats Danny had beaten Mark with 180 points to 153. In all the fun Danny hadn't remembered to use the bathroom before they left the bowling alley. Mark was driving the two of them to the pub for supper when he noticed his own bladder was a little full. He had no doubt about making it to the pub, but he was worried about Danny, his own bladders signal had him thinking about Danny. He hadn't paid attention but he was sure Danny didn't use the bathroom before they left the alley. He probably hadn't gone since he wet himself on the couch earlier. He didn't want to say anything as Danny seemed to be a little sensitive about his issues today, he just hoped if Danny did have an accident it wouldn't ruin their evening.

Danny was having a similar thought sitting in the passenger side. "When do you think we'll get to the pub?" He asked hoping to sound nonchalant about the situation.

"Umm, maybe 10, 15 minutes I guess." Mark replied. "You want me to stop if I see somewhere?"

"No. I'm good." Taking a deep breath Danny calmed himself. Mark seemed to be having such a great time, he wasn't going to wreck that for him. He had packed a couple extra diapers just incase. He was going to try and be more accepting of himself. If he was being honest most of the time it didn't get to him quite as much as it had today, he chalked it up to having had his first accident at his first career. Danny just noticed the sign for pub up ahead when he felt his lap getting warm and wet, he reached down with his right hand and felt the heat and swelling of his diaper through his pants. 'I can handle this' he told himself. 'We are having a great night, a little pee isn't going to stop that.'. "Can you try and park a way from everyone else? I need to change before we head in." Danny asked.

Mark smiled, Danny didn't seem too upset. He reached over and squeezed Danny's left hand. "Sure babe." He replied as they were pulling in. "Doesn't look too busy, I should be able to get a private spot." Mark had thought about this many times, but never had the nerve to broach the topic before, but sitting in the car next to him, and not having to look at Danny in the eyes as he said it gave him some courage. "Maybe you could get changed in the back and I could help you." There he had said it, couldn't take it back now. He could feel Danny looking at him. He had just parked the vehicle but still wasn't able to turn his head to look at Danny.

"You want to help me change?" Danny asked.

"Help, or you know, do it for you." Mark said still unable to look at Danny. Danny simply squeezed the hand he was still holding. "Sure."

Mark finally turned to look at Danny "Really?"

"Yeah, I'll be honest I'm nervous, but if you want to then sure." The smile on Marks face told Danny that is what he was hoping to hear.

They both exited the vehicle and headed towards the back of Mark's SUV. "So how do you. want me?" Mark asked.

"I guess just take off your pants and lay down, maybe bend your knees so your butt is near the tailgate and I can reach." Mark replied.

Danny started to undo his pants when Mark grabbed and pulled him towards him, Danny could feel Marks Boner against him as he kissed him quickly. "Just wanted a quick kiss." Mark said blushing.

Danny did as asked, he removed his pants and climbed into the back of the SUV, thankfully they were parked in a rather dead parking lot, in the corner and had some bushes for cover.

Mark made quick work of unfastening the tapes of Danny's wet diaper. Danny was laying there exposed. His dick was confused, it didn't know whether to be hard or soft. The look on Marks face and the noises he made as he uncovered Danny aroused him. The sheer nerves of the experience were weighing on him. Mark helped his penis decide though. After giving it a quick wipe with the baby wipe he felt Marks hot mouth sliding down his shaft. He was definitely hard now. "Hmm, can't put a fresh diaper on with an erection. We'll have to take care of that."

"Holy shit!!" Was all Danny could say as he felt Mark's practised mouth moving up and down on his cock. The added excitement of being in a parking lot in the middle of the evening helped Mark make quick work of Danny's 'problem'. Once he was finished he lovingly wiped Danny's crotch with a wipe again, and gently diapered him with a new diaper, making sure to fasten it tightly. Danny hopped down and put his pants back on. Mark adjusted his own erection in his jeans, before closing the back of the SUV and walking through the parking lot towards the pub.

"Thanks babe." Mark said to Danny. "I'm the one who should be saying thanks, that was incredible." Danny replied. "Is that something you enjoy doing doing?"Danny asked, referring to the diaper change.

Mark blushed a little before answering. "Yes. It was something I've been thinking of for a while. I don't know why but I find you in a wet diaper incredibly sexy. Since I'm being honest you might as well know, I jerk off a lot in the mornings when I'm awake before you and you're just lying there in your wet diaper."

"Okay."

"Okay?'

"Yeah, I won't use the bathroom the rest of the night."

