Wet It Like Witches - An Owl House Omovember Story

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2022-11-24 11:12

Good morning/afternoon/evening everyone! I've got another new fiction here. This was written as part of my 2022 Omovember run (details here

).

This story is intended to take place after the end of the season 1 episode "Wing It Like Witches" (hence the title).

_____________________

Amity Blight sat quietly on the couch, sipping her cup of tea. It wasn’t the best, but she expected that. This shabby shack known as the Owl House wasn’t going to have the same high-quality selection as her home manor. At least it was tolerable.

Taste aside, Amity was enjoying herself. For the first time in many years, she was hanging out with people she actually liked, people who made her happy.

This evening wasn’t without its awkwardness, however. It was still pretty weird being in the home of a wanted criminal, with a broken foot, sitting on a rugged old couch between her former best friend and the girl she secretly had a huge crush on.

Because of this, Amity spent a lot of time silently gulping down cups of tea, trying to take in the moment, only speaking up when she had something important to add.

Despite all of this, Amity didn’t feel like she was imposing. These people accepted her. They weren’t placing expectations on her. She was comfortable.

Well, she was comfortable. Not anymore.

Guzzling down so much tea had its consequences. Consequences Amity was now acutely aware of.

The drinks were catching up to her. The witchling’s bladder was filling rapidly. What started out as a light tingle only minutes ago had evolved into a heavy pounding in her abdomen.

Amity quietly scooted her legs together, unable to cross them due to the large cast on her right foot.

She really wanted to go to the bathroom, but there were a few issues. First, she had no idea where the bathroom was. Second, she really didn’t want to mention needing the toilet around Luz. Third, Amity had always been shy about excusing herself to take care of such things, due in no small part to her mother’s persistent “etiquette” training. She and her siblings were taught never to mention such needs unless it was an absolute emergency. Even then, they were encouraged to silently hold it until whatever conversation or meeting they were in was over.

But this wasn’t a formal party. Amity didn’t need to worry about being so proper. She just needed to wait for a break in the conversation.

Unfortunately, there was no such break. Everyone kept talking. Right now, Eda was in the middle of some long-winded story about her younger days, and it didn’t seem like she was going to finish any time soon.

Amity began to restlessly fidget with the hem of her skirt. She badly wanted to hold herself, but what kind of impression would that give? This was her first time spending time with these people. She didn’t want to look like some child who couldn’t control her bladder.

She set her empty cup on the table. She struggled to remember how many she had drank. Four? Five? However many, it had been a mistake.

Luz picked up the tea pot and motioned to Amity’s cup, asking if she wanted another.

The green haired girl placed her hand over her cup and shook her head. The mere thought of pouring liquid sent a chill down her spine. She didn’t want to consider adding any more to her system. Amity gripped her tights nervously. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat.

“Everything alright?” Luz asked.

Amity froze. Was she being that obvious? Her cheeks blushed. For a brief moment, a war broke out in the witch’s mind between her dignity and her need for relief.

A painful spasm from her bladder decided that fight.

“Um… Miss Eda?” Amity mumbled, staring at the floor, “Where is your… um… bathroom?”

“What was that?” Eda asked loudly.

Amity cleared her throat.

“Where is…”

“Seriously, speak up, baby Blight!” The Owl Lady interrupted.

Amity shivered as she was assailed by another wave of desperation.

“Where’s the bathroom?” She shouted.

The momentary silence felt like a lifetime. Amity’s whole face went red. Had she just embarrassed herself in front of everyone?

“Oh.” Eda responded calmly, “Yeah, it’s up… stairs…” She trailed off, a look of realization crossing her face.

“Upstairs?” Amity gulped.

With her injured leg, stairs were a real obstacle for the young witch. She could manage it, but it would take some time, and time was something she didn’t have.

“Do you need someone to carry you?” Luz asked.

Amity’s eyes shot wide open. Her breath caught in her throat. It was bad enough to be carried to the infirmary earlier. Getting carried to the bathroom? No, no way.

“You know what?” Amity said, “I could probably just summon an abomination to help me… Haha… Yeah… That should work.”

She lifted a shaky hand and drew a circle in the air. An unstable circle of magic floated there briefly before shattering uselessly.

Between her extreme nervousness and her extreme desperation, the young witch was having a hard time concentrating. Any kind of magic would be next to impossible in this state.

Eda laughed into her tea cup. “Looks like someone’s in trouble.” She snorted, “Just accept the help, Blight, before you ruin my couch.”

“I… uh… w-well…” The green haired witch stuttered.

She looked nervously around the room. Surely, she had to have another choice besides Luz. She didn’t want to think about the human carrying her in this state, standing outside the bathroom, overhearing as she…

Amity shuddered.

One by one, she evaluated the others in the room. Eda wasn’t in any rush to help and she wasn’t exactly reliable. Gus was small, it would be really awkward for him to support her. Not to mention getting help from a boy in this matter would be almost as embarrassing as getting help from Luz.

Amity turned to Willow with pleading eyes.

The plant track witch looked away and rubbed the side of her head, “I’m not sure I’m comfortable with that…”

An obnoxious, high pitched voice cut through the air as the door flew open.

“I could carry her~~~” Hooty said. His strange, worm-like body stretched in front of the couch.

Amity recoiled in disgust.

“Not even if I were literally dieing.” She said, harshly.

The bird tube huffed and slithered back outside, slamming the door behind him.

Amity hated this. She really hated this. It looked like Luz was her only option.

‘This is fine.’ Amity reasoned to herself, ‘She’s just helping you up the stairs. It’s not like she’s going to come into the bathroom with you. Not like she’s going to watch you as you…’ She couldn’t even finish the thought. Amity’s mind went completely blank.

“Oh, man, is it really that bad?” Luz shouted, bringing Amity back to reality.

“W-what?” Amity bolted upright in shock. She squeezed her legs tightly together as she felt her control slipping.

“Your face is all red.” Luz explained.

“Oh. N-no, it’s fine…” Amity stumbled over her words, “I mean, yeah, I need to go, but it’s not, like, an emergency or anything, you know! Haha. It’s not like I’m worried about losing control. I mean, yeah, it would still be good to go now. Just, you know, because…”

Amity trailed off. Everyone was staring at her.

“Yeah, let’s go…” She muttered.

Luz jumped up from the couch and grabbed Amity’s crutches off the floor. She handed them to Amity as the witch lifted herself up.

Amity leaned against her crutch for a second, taking deep breaths. Standing up made her realize just how full she really was. It felt like there was a grudgby ball in her stomach.

Once she regained her composure, Amity began to awkwardly hobble to the stairway with Luz following behind.

Luz draped Amity’s arm over her shoulders to help lift her off the injured foot. Amity tried not to think about how close they were right now. Luz felt so warm. Her shoulders were so soft. This would be a wonderful moment if it weren’t for the immense burden in Amity’s stomach.

Shakily, Amity grabbed the railing nearest her. Luz tucked the crutch under her arm between the two. They began their slow ascent, one step at a time.

Halfway up the stairs, another wave crashed into Amity’s bladder. She inhaled sharply and leaned over. Her bad leg twisted in front of her good one in a frantic fight to maintain control.

During this struggle, the crutch slipped from between the girls and loudly clattered down the steps.

“Are you ok?” Luz asked.

“Y-yeah…” Amity lied, “Just… a little winded.”

“Do you want me to grab that?” Luz gestured toward the crutch.

Amity looked back. It had fallen all the way down to the first floor. She quietly whimpered at the thought of another delay.

“L-let’s just keep going.” She concluded.

After several agonizing minutes, the duo reached the landing. Amity leaned against the wall to catch her breath.

“Ok, it’s just down this hall.” Luz pointed.

Sure enough, just a short distance away was a door with a girls’ bathroom sign and a hastily scrawled note that read “And King”.

Amity was so close. Relief was in sight. Just a little further.

Realization struck her. How was she going to do this without her crutches? Luz could help her down the hall, but what about inside the bathroom?

This thought caused the green haired witch to stumble. She nearly fell face-first to the floor, but Luz managed to catch her.

This last jolt threw Amity to the brink. She trembled while Luz helped her stand up. Amity could feel the entire contents of her bladder trying to spill out. It felt like it was right at the edge of her pee hole. The slightest touch could send her over the edge.

Pride was out the window at this point. Amity squirmed and thrust both hands between her legs.

“Th-This is bad…” She muttered to herself.

“Oh my gosh!” Luz shouted, “Don’t worry, I got you!”

Before the witchling could say another word, she was swept off her feet. It took a second to realize what was going on.

Luz had just picked her up. Amity couldn’t manage anything other than a startled squeak. She was overwhelmed by a mix of intense sensations. The human’s arms, her shirt, the motion, her own overwhelmed bladder…

The one thought in Amity’s mind was that she absolutely could not afford to lose control now. If she did, it wouldn’t just be her clothes getting ruined. Her pee would get on Luz, the girl she admired so intensely. It wasn’t just her dignity on the line anymore, it was her entire social- and possibly romantic- future.

Amity twisted her legs together. Every step jostled the sea inside her. It felt like her bladder was about to pop.

“Ok…” Luz started awkwardly, “Now, can you help me get the door open?”

Slowly, Amity slid one hand from between her thighs. She shakily reached outward.

The door violently burst open.

“HOOT! Door owl Hooty, at your service!” The house demon shouted, exploding through the door.

Luz let out a startled yelp and fell back.

Amity threw her arms out to catch herself. She hit the ground hard.

That was the last straw.

The delicate control Amity had fought so desperately to maintain was broken. Her pee began to leak out.

It started as a slight dribble and rapidly picked up in intensity until it was a full-blown torrent. The witch clenched her thighs and grabbed herself with one hand, but it was too late. She had held too much for too long, her body had given up.

Amity went limp and stared at the ceiling. Her tights grew warm, starting at her lap and spreading outward in all directions. The urine flowed freely out of her. Most of it spread down her legs and around her hips, some pooled on her stomach, wetting the bottom of her school shirt.

The fabric of her tights provided little resistance as the liquids cascaded down her legs and onto the floor.

The witchling laid there in stunned silence. The world stood still. She couldn’t see, hear, or feel anything except the river constantly flowing out of her.

She wasn’t sure how long it was before she stopped. A minute? An hour? A year? She wasn’t even exactly sure she had finished until the once warm fluids started to grow cold.

Amity shifted in place. Something felt off. The floor was uneven. It was also softer than she expected.

Her eyes went wide, her face was burning.

‘No! No no no!’ Her thoughts raced.

Amity dared to glance over to her side. There, in the corner of her vision, was the unmistakable tan skin of Luz the human. Underneath her.

Amity’s breath caught in her throat. Her whole body went cold. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes.

Not only had she just wet her pants, she just peed on top of her crush!

That was it! It was all over. There was no way to recover from this. Luz would hate her. Everyone would laugh at her. She would never be able to show her face again. Amity would live the rest of her life as a recluse.

‘Titan, kill me now.’ She thought, then lay back and waited for the world to end.

“...ity! Amity!”

Something broke through the haze. A voice. Someone was talking. Was it an angel? Was she dead?

The answer was yes for one of those questions. But Amity was still alive.

Amity opened her eyes. Luz’s face filled her vision. She didn’t look angry. She looked scared, concerned even.

“Amity! Are you ok?” She asked, frantically, “You didn’t hit your head did you?”

Physically, Amity was ok. Mentally? Emotionally? Not so much.

The witchling sat up, freeing the human under her.

“No… I’m ok…” She answered, grimly.

Luz sighed in relief, “Good, listen…”

Amity didn’t want to listen. She wanted to fix this. She didn’t want to lose the one good thing to happen to her in years.

Amity buried her head against her knees.

Both girls spoke at the same time.

“I’m sorry!”

There was silence. They stared at each other.

“Why are you sorry?” Amity managed to ask.

“I didn’t mean to drop you! I just got so startled and my foot slipped and…”

“It’s ok.” Amity interrupted, “It wasn’t your fault. It was that weird bird… tube… thing.”

Luz helped the young witch to her feet. While she stood, Amity caught a glimpse of Luz’s clothes. Her school uniform was wet. The skirt and shirt glistened, her multi-colored tights were darkened.

“Why are you sorry?” Luz asked.

“Because I… did this…” Amity gestured to her damp clothes, “And I got my… you know… on you.”

“Amity, it’s fine.” Luz reassured, placing a hand on Amity’s shoulder, “It wasn’t your fault. If I hadn’t dropped you, none of this would have happened.”

Amity looked up. Luz’s face was so genuine. She had a slight smile. She was so beautiful.

“So, you’re not… mad?” The witchling asked.

“Why would I be? It was an accident. We all have them.”

“And you’re not… grossed out?”

Luz shrugged, “Eh. This is the Boiling Isles. When it comes to gross bodily fluids I’ve been covered in, this doesn’t even crack the top ten.”

Amity giggled.

“There’s a smile!” Luz cheered.

“Now.” She continued, “Let’s get you cleaned up. I think I have some spare clothes that will fit you.”

Amity blushed. Borrowing? Luz’s clothes?

She was dumbstruck. She stayed silent as Luz helped her to the shower.

Before Luz left the room, Amity spoke up.

“What about the… um… puddle?”

“Don’t worry about that. I can take care of it. Just focus on you right now.”

Luz shut the door behind her, leaving Amity alone, sitting on the edge of the tub, staring at the wall.

How could this human be so nice to her?

After taking a minute to collect herself, Amity took off her dirty clothes and set them on the counter. She hauled herself into the shower, leaning unsteadily against the wall.

While the warm water cascaded over her, there was a knock at the door.

Before Amity could say anything, the door creaked open.

Even though the shower curtain was drawn, Amity gasped and covered herself with her arms.

“Alright, I brought you some fresh clothes. Sorry there’s not much of a selection, but they should do for now.” It was Luz. She had just barged in. For some reason, this made Amity’s heart flutter.

“I also brought your crutches and a bag for your wet clothes. Let me know if you need anything else.”

Amity had trouble finding her voice. She only managed to croak out a feeble “Thanks.”

“And try not to take too long. I don’t want to rush you, but Willow’s getting squirmy.” Luz added before closing the door.

Amity buried her face in her hands. Tears welled up in her eyes. This human was too perfect.

Once she regained her composure, Amity quickly cleaned herself off and stepped out of the shower.

There was a pair of jeans and a purple and white striped shirt messily folded on the counter. They were a little loose on her, but fit well enough. She shoved her soiled uniform into the bag.

When she opened the door, Amity saw that the puddle she left earlier was gone.

Without the burden of a bursting bladder, Amity was able to manage getting down the stairs on her own.

Everyone was still waiting in the living room. Luz had changed into her pajamas.

Amity felt like she should say something. She cleared her throat and rubbed the back of her neck.

“Sorry, everyone. I guess I pushed myself too far. Listen, can you please not tell anyone about what happened? I didn’t mean to…”

She was interrupted by Eda’s raucous laughter.

“Are you kidding? This is prime blackmail material. No way I’m giving that away for free.”

Willow stood up and placed a hand on Amity’s shoulder.

“It’s not the first embarrassing story between us.” She said, “You’re fine, Blight. For now.”

While that ominous statement hung in the air, Willow took off hurriedly up the stairs.

“Gossip isn’t really my thing.” Gus said with a shrug, “My lips are sealed.”

The door opened and Hooty stretched his worm-like body around Amity’s shoulders.

“Don’t worry, I’ll never tell~~~” His voice grated on Amity’s ears. “All your secrets and embarrassing stories are safe with me. Like how I didn’t tell anyone Luz wet the bed last week.”

“Hooty!” Luz shouted, throwing a pillow at the house demon. He retracted back out of the room.

“Don’t worry, Amity.” Luz said, her tone softening, “You’re one of us now. We don’t hurt each other like that.”

Amity blushed and a wide smile crossed her face.

“Well, I should probably get home. I’ve got some… laundry to do…”

Everyone said their goodbyes and Amity left.

On the way home, she felt strangely… light. Despite the horrifying accident, Amity was happy. These new friends were definitely the right choice.

*002*2022-11-25 13:41

{{6 hours ago, Golden Guard said:

Wow, this is an incredible story!

Loved the Beta Luz reference there.

I loved the way you wrote all the characters here as well as their interactions with each other. You captured their personalities and quirks very well, especially Hooty's lol. It really felt like they were straight from the show at the end of S1.

This is like the 5th TOH omorashi story I've noticed being posted in the past ~2 months? I'm happy to see a small TOH Omo community developing. And I find it especially funny that we've all adopted the headcanon that Odalia trained her children to hold their pee in scenarios where any regular person would've just gotten up and excused themselves. I'd like to think that I'm partially responsible for that from writing Amity Blight's Trip to the Human Realm, but maybe that's giving myself too much credit.

Thank you for writing this, it made my day.

}}

Thank you for your kind words!

I absolutely loved your various Owl House omo fics. That's kind of what gave me the resolve to write this one (and hopefully a couple more in the future).

Hooty was... difficult to put into words. So I'm glad that came across well. I really try to stay as true to the characters as I can.

And, of course, I won't deny getting inspiration from your ideas. It just seems so consistent with everything we know about Odalia.

