Linda and Larry

Author: kochel428

*000*2016-08-26 16:21

Larry was gulping down the last of his beer as Melinda returned from the restroom. His face spread into a goofy grin when he saw her, and she couldn't help but smile back. He was besotted with booze and brand-new love, and whatever wariness Melinda tended to feel at the start of a relationship was blotted out by his shear cuteness.

He rose, clearly a little off balance, and started toward the back of the bar.

"Did you close out?" she asked him, glancing worriedly at the time. "All set, milady," he said, tipping an imaginary hat. "Good, because we're about to miss our bus, and our Uber is here."

As he tried to pass her on his way to the bathroom, Mel locked her arm around his elbow and swirled him around, practically dragging him out of the bar.

"It's a ten minute ride if we're lucky, and the bus leaves in eleven minutes, so you can go on the bus."

"Ugh," he said drunkenly, but he didn't argue as he ducked into the black car.

The cabbie glanced at them in his rearview mirror, "Melinda?" She nodded and closed the door. Her pussy lips compressed strangely against the seat of the car, a reminder that her panties were in her purse, casualties of a bathroom quickie they had enjoyed earlier in the day. The unusual feeling and the memory of that assignation sent a pulse through her clit, and she pulled Larry toward her to resume their ongoing weeks-long makeout session.

Her friends had started calling them Linda and Larry, choosing the aliterative pairing even though she had always been Mel to them. Larry's friends had adopted the tabloid name "Melawrence." They had started with a drunken hookup nearly a month ago and had just never said goodbye. They parted reluctantly each day for work, but tended to find ways to meet up for sex in the middle of the day, and then again at night.

Mel had always proclaimed her two favorite activities were drinking and fucking, but she'd never had a new-relationship glow quite like this one. It's not like Larry was the hottest guy she'd ever been with, but somehow he was the most attractive. He had some strange alchemical mix of aw-shucks niceness and steely self confidence, a dorky guy who was utterly secure.

Being a great lay helped too. Mel gently brushed the front of Larry's jeans in the darkness of the car and found him hard as usual, but he pulled her hand away before she could get any more involved. "I have to pee like nobody's business," he whispered, "maybe let's wait until we get on the bus."

The Fung Wah bus was rattling to life as the car dropped them off down the block. The line of passengers had already boarded and the attendant was beckoning impatiently at Mel hurrying down the sidewalk with Larry in tow.

The door closed behind them as they hopped up the stairs into the darkened cabin, a little more than half full with sleepy looking travelers.

Mel claimed a pair of seats near the back as Larry trudged to the bathroom, but he was back almost immediately. He leaned over and whispered, "There is no bathroom. Fucking Chinatown bus."

She shook her head in disbelief. "Wait, what do you mean there is no bathroom?"

"I mean there is a large piece of plywood instead of a bathroom door."

"And you can't open it?"

"No it is definitely not openable."

Mel had inherited her mother's bad habit of assuming incompetence in everyone else. She recognized it was a problem, but that didn't stop her from going to the back of the bus to make sure Larry wasn't mistaken. Sure enough, a piece of raw plywood covered the place where the bathroom door normally would have been. It was spray painted inscrutably with numbers and chinese characters, and it appeared to be nailed shut.

Larry had taken the window seat and was gazing pale-faced out the window as the bus pulled onto the interstate. Mel rubbed his shoulder gently. "Maybe the driver will stop for you?" Larry shook his head, "I asked while you were in back. There are no stops until New York."

That was over two hours from now. "How much did you drink?"

"Uh. Four. Four beers. Plus the water."

The first time they had gone out together, Larry had announced that he had mastered the art of never getting a hangover. The process was simple: he only had to drink a full glass of water between every alcoholic drink, and he would wake up the next day feeling fresh as a sugar snap pea. He had been observing the same ritual that evening.

"Wow, and you peed last, what, an hour ago?"

Larry looked grim. "Yeah. About that."

A rush of blood to her bare clit. "Can... can you make it?"

"I'll just have to."

###

When they weren't making out, Mel and Larry usually had endless things to talk about. Larry liked to update her on whatever article he had read last, or talk about the family farm he had grown up on. His parents had been old hippies, and had bought the Vermont farm together in 1972. They had learned how to tend it through painstaking work and a lot of trial and error, and that process had yielded more anecdotes than Mel would have expected from a quiet farm life.

But now they sat silently in the dark. As the street lights passed by Mel could see a single bead of sweat drip slowly down Larry's forehead. She tapped her foot lightly and tried to distract herself from her boyfriend's predicament. Finally she leaned over and nibbled lightly on his ear. He seemed startled at the contact, but she put her hand on his thigh and whispered, "Let me help you hold it. It's easier when you're hard, isn't it?"

Larry nodded vigorously as she began rubbing the outside of his jeans, and she felt his cock stir and then harden. She glanced quickly around at the other passengers. There was no one behind them, and the man across the aisle from them appeared to have fallen soundly asleep. Back at his ear she began whispering a steady stream of filth:

"I can't wait to take you inside of me when we get back to your place. Every step I take I can feel my pussy lips rubbing together – I've been slippery wet all day. As soon as we walk through the door you're going to have to fuck the shit out of me..."

His penis was straining at the front of his jeans, and she could tell his underwear was becoming slick with precome. It took only a few minutes to work him up to a near frenzy, his knees jiggling, hips rocking. He was trying hard not to make too much noise, but every once in a while he would inhale sharply. She kept him there for close to twenty minutes, Larry on the verge of coming, both of them keeping a nonchalant eye on the people around them. Suddenly Larry was shaking his head, "Wait, hang on a sec—" but Mel gave a little extra wiggle with her hand and suddenly his cock was pulsing and the front of his pants was slick under her hand. She giggled.

"Aw, did you come on yourself?"

Larry kissed her on the neck luxuriously, and then without a word he leaned back and closed his eyes. It was only a few seconds before his head began to loll to the side.

Rubbing her thighs together, Mel could feel her clit pulsing. She could sense the people around her, sleeping or staring at their phones, and Larry, his legs clenched tightly together even as he dozed. Her hand wandered under her skirt, finding herself warm and slick. Her middle finger slowly worked its way between her pussy lips and found the spot that felt the best. Her legs began to twitch of their own accord, her eyes veiled and unfocused. She tried to keep her breath normal while her body throbbed, and then all at once she trembled with pleasure as she came, her hips grinding into her hand.

Coming gave an extra reminder to Mel that her bladder was filling too. She'd had plenty to drink at the bar, and although she was in nowhere near the state that Larry was, she knew she would be desperate by the time the bus arrived in the city. Studying Larry again, the tension in his body as he held his pee, Mel made a decision. She pulled her purse from beneath the seat in front of her and began to rummage through it.

She withdrew her panties and placed them between her knees while she found the second item, a pair of thick leggings she had brought in case it was too cold on the bus.

It was a struggle to pull them both on without flashing the whole bus, not that they seemed likely to notice, and as she squirmed in her seat Larry stirred. "Are we there yet?" he whispered, "I may have mentioned I have to pee." Linda kissed him gently and pulled his head over to rest on her shoulder. She pulled her phone out and started to read an article Larry had sent her the day before.

###

She only realized she'd been sleeping when Larry startled awake. Her head had fallen forward and her neck felt like she would have to rotate it all the way around before it would be screwed on right again. It took a moment to blink the sleep from her eyes before she realized what Larry had whispered violently as he bounced from her shoulder.

"I just peed"

Her eyes immediately went to his crotch, but all she could see was a faint hint of dried come. "You probably just felt the wetness from... earlier," she insinuated with raised eyebrow.

"No. No I felt myself, like, let go. I think I was dreaming about..."

Mel punched the home button on her phone. "Well, we have maybe half an hour until the tunnel, and then we'll be in the city and we can stop at a McDonald's or something. Do you think you can wait that long?"

"I... I don't think so. But I guess I just have to."

She felt her clit throb again. "Yeah, you think he was reluctant to stop before, no way it's going to happen just half an hour before the tunnel." She tried to gauge how badly she needed to go at that point. She wasn't even close to leaking, but if she were anywhere else she would definitely be seeking a bathroom right away. "I have to go pretty badly too, hopefully we won't hit traffic."

Larry was bent over in his seat, clearly trying to contain himself with every muscle in his body. It was only a few moments before he shuddered and said,

"I did it again." He looked up at her and she could see panic in his eyes, and she realized that he was worried about her reaction as much as he was about his actual predicament.

She took his hand. "It's ok, I understand. You've been holding a long time.

It's not fair." She wondered how much else she should tell him, but all she managed was, "And hey, you haven't known me that long, so you don't realize this, but I'm... pretty accident prone myself." His eyes widened and at first she took that to mean he was disgusted with her, but then she knew he had spurted again.

"I don't know what to do," he moaned, almost whining. Mel shrugged, "I can try to help again if you want..." but he brushed her hand away. "I don't think that will help now," he said.

By the time they were close to the tunnel, Larry had clearly begun to lose the battle for control. He had stopped announcing when he spurted in his pants, because it was happening so often. It was hard to tell in the pale light of the highway, but there was definitely a small wet spot on the front of his jeans. Mel did her best to hide it, but she stole as many glances as she could, and was watching as the spot grew from nothing to, now the size of a silver dollar. She could only guess how wet it was inside his pants.

Larry was jiggling his knees at lightning speed, sweat dripping from his forehead and down his nose. His conversation skills seemed to have fled him entirely, and the only sounds passing his lips were muffled grunts and an occasional gasp.

Mel pulled up driving directions to see how much longer they had, and when she saw the map, her pussy swelled again. They wouldn't be getting into the city for forty-five more minutes, and the culprit was standstill traffic just before the tunnel. She closed her phone and went back to watching Larry without a word.

"What did it say?" he asked.

"There's some traffic before the tunnel, but we should be ok."

"Shit."

"What?"

"I'm not ok. Fuck. Traffic?"

The bus showed no signs of slowing until they passed the "Lincoln Tunnel 1 mile" sign. Traffic was getting heavy, and the bus dropped to thirty miles per hour or so. And then suddenly they came to a dead halt. Peering out the window, Mel could see the highway looping around in front of them, descending to the toll booths before the tunnel entrance. They were maybe a half of a mile away, but a thousand cars stretched between, standing stock still.

Larry's face fell as he took in the scene. "Shit shit shit shit..." Mel clicked open her phone and checked again. The delay had been lengthened to a full hour. She showed it to him. She saw tears welling up in his eyes, and then his whole body went rigid. And then she heard a gentle hissing sound. The tears were coming down his cheeks as he mouthed, "I can't stop it." The silver dollar was growing rapidly, spreading down to his butt, and out to his hips. A puddle began to form at his crotch, welling up and over his thighs, and then spilling gradually onto the floor.

He was shaking his head and saying softly, "I can't... I can't..." and Mel looked around to see if anyone else had noticed. People seemed preoccupied with the traffic, and no one seemed to be saying anything about the trickle of liquid that was starting to run down the cabin. Still, it would probably not be nice for anyone with a bag on the floor. Mell pulled off her sweater and bunched it up. "Here, put this between your legs so it doesn't get everywhere." Larry obliged. He wiped the tears from his cheeks and slumped back in his seat. He seemed dejected, but also, for the first time since they'd left the bar, relaxed.

They sat in silence as the bus crawled around the curve of highway. Twice Mel saw Larry's crotch glisten as he wet himself again. He said nothing about it, but Mel knew what it was like to reach the point of wetting, and how quickly the bladder fills after it happens. Still, he showed no signs of struggle. He must be just letting go as the pressure builds, she thought. He's choosing to wet himself at this point.

She leaned over and whispered in his ear, "I see what you're doing. Shame on you." She saw a sudden gush well into his pants and stop just as quickly. She had startled him.

"I'm sorry... I didn't think it mattered at this point. How can you even tell?"

Mel smiled and directed his gaze down at his own crotch. "Do it again and you'll see."

"What? In front of you?"

Mel giggled and Larry's face turned red. "Are you seriously asking me that after I just watched you completely piss yourself? What have you got to lose? Your dignity? That's pretty much in the toilet at this point, isn't it? Or should I say, it's in your pants, all over the seat, soaking my sweater, and running down the floor?"

His face turned red, but in short order the front of his pants were glistening again. He chuckled grimly. "Who knew it was that obvious?"

"Let me tell you a secret though," she whispered, leaning in close, "Ninety- nine percent of the people you pass on the street won't even notice."

"And the other one percent?"

Mel shrugged.

"How would you even know that?"

"I told you. I'm accident prone myself on occasion." She screwed up her face exaggeratedly. "In fact, if we don't get there soon I might not make it myself."

Larry's eyes narrowed then, and Mel wondered what he was guessing at. They hadn't been dating long enough to get to the big fetish talk yet, but she sensed it might be coming soon.

###

It had been over an hour when they finally made it through the toll booth. Traffic in the tunnel was reasonable enough that it made the earlier backup seem even more unnecessary. By then Mel was shaking with the effort of holding her bladder. She was glad she wouldn't have to pretend.

The bus pulled up to the street corner where they would be let off, and Larry asked the exact question Mel had been hoping for.

"So, do you think you can wait until we get back to my place? I feel like I want to get on the subway and out of here as quickly as possible."

Mel gritted her teeth, "Yeah, I think I can make it. It's ok, you need to get home and get cleaned up."

When the lights turned on and everyone in the bus stood up, Mel felt a sudden twinge in her bladder – she wasn't certain but a few drops may have escaped.

Larry seemed to hesitate until Mel realized he didn't know what to do with the sweater between his legs.

"Just leave it. Serves them right."

They filed off the bus with the rest, and walked past the group congregated around the baggage hold. Mel pointed to a pretty young woman with a sweater tied around her waist clearly eager to get her bag as quickly as possible.

"See, you're not the only one who didn't make it."

Larry shook his head in disblief. "What makes you think she isn't just—" but at that moment the girl turned toward them, suitcase in hand, and he saw the telltale wet patch, spread all the way across the front of her jeans and down almost to her knees even though she had been sitting down. "Wow she... totally lost it, didn't she?"

"Just like you did, baby," Mel smiled up at him innocently, and was reminded of how beautiful and tall he was.

They had walked a few more paces before it dawned on him. "Wait, you said nobody would notice, and yet you picked her out without even seeing the wet patch."

Mel shrugged. "Welcome to the one percent."

###

They trotted down the subway stairs, and Mel felt her bladder pulse with every step. She tried to hold her jiggling to a minimum until they were on the train. They had a good forty minutes ride to Larry's apartment in Brooklyn.

Plenty of time.

At this point Larry was beginning to deal with what had happened. He was entering the shame portion of the process.

"Are you... how will you ever be able to have sex with me again? I mean I pissed myself like a little kid—"

Mel put her hand over his mouth. "Do not keep talking about this right now, or I'm gonna lose it. For real, I should have gone before we got on the train."

He shifted uncomfortably in his wet pants. "You really have to go that badly?"

Mel noticed his wet patch had grown since they got off the bus, starting to migrate further down his legs.

"If I didn't know better I'd say you were interested."

Larry blushed. "Well I guess I wouldn't be quite so embarrassed if you had the same problem I do."

"You might get your wish." Mel relaxed for just a second and felt a spurt dampen her panties. She moaned and leaned over exaggeratedly. "I'm not going to make it."

"Well should we get off the train or something? You probably shouldn't make a puddle..."

"I think I can wait until we're closer. Let's wait until we get to brooklyn, there's a KFC at Atlantic-Pacific where I can go."

A few more stops and they were crossing the river, and Mel was bobbing up and down. Her need to pee and her horniness were overwhelming any indecision she might have faced otherwise. She forced herself to stop squirming and stood with her legs together, looking straight at Larry. She allowed herself a two second squirt, shivering with pleasure as the piss filled her panties and overflowed to her leggings. She knew that there was a patch the size of small plate under her skirt, showing clearly on the blue fabric.

She widened her eyes in mock horror. "I'm losing it," she whispered.

Larry's eyes went straight down to her crotch, mirroring Mel's reaction earlier.

"Oh god I can't hold it..." Mel did a little curtsy, and then let go.

She felt her panties balloon out again, the hot liquid pooling around her pussy and under her butt. And then it was running down her legs, heating her inner thighs and then snaking down to her ankles. She squeezed it off just before it reached her shoes. Wouldn't want to ruin those.

Letting her eyes flutter, she smiled and said, "God that feels better. I still really have to go though..."

Larry was silent, seemingly awestruck. Mel reached for him wordlessly and wrapped herself around him. She could feel the cold of his wet patch through her skirt. "Aw, you must be freezing. You should pee some more to warm yourself up. It's not like it matters at this point."

"Is that... is that what you want me to do?"

Mel's heart started pounding so hard she was sure Larry could feel it. She couldn't look at him, but she nodded, her head against his chest. Then she could feel his crotch grow warm again, his fresh piss soaking into her shirt and running down the front of her skirt.

"Let's get off here," Mel suggested.

They were one subway stop from Larry's apartment, and the extra walk required passing through an industrial area that would be mostly abandoned at this time of night. Mel practically dragged Larry by the hand, to a gravel driveway that led to a darkened parking lot.

She pressed him against the wall and unbuttoned his pants, reaching into his hot, soaked underwear. His cock was slippery from piss and come, and it took her only a second to make him erect and straining against her hand. She yanked her leggings down and Larry pulled her up onto his penis. When he entered her she felt a jolt as her still-full bladder was compressed. Larry turned around and had her against the wall. Every thrust forced out a splash of pee, until Mel just gave up and started pushing it out. It flowed into Larry's pants and down Mel's legs, and their fucking took on soggy, sopping sounds.

Larry came first, what felt like a giant load spurting into her, and then Mel shuddered in orgasm, with the miraculous feeling of peeing and coming and Larry's body pressing her against the wall, holding her off the ground. They paused there for just an instant, chests heaving, soaked through. Then Larry eased her down to the ground and zipped up his pants. Mel retrieved her leggings and they left the parking lot in a furtive hurry.

Mel could hear the squish of Larry's soaked pants as they walked hand in hand.

After a few blocks of silence, he cleared his throat.

"So. This is a, uh, fetish? you have?"

Their eyes met in the darkness. Mel nodded, trying not to betray her terror.

But Larry smiled, then burst out laughing. "I wish I had known that on the bus. Jesus, I would have given up a lot sooner."

Mel smiled back and squeezed his hand. "I'm glad you didn't. It's all about the struggle, baby."

*005*2016-08-29 06:09

Thanks everybody, I'm glad you liked it!

@tholepin

I've been writing for a while, though I hadn't really touched fiction in a serious way until a few years ago. You can look at my profile to see some other stories. Mostly I'd say if you want to write good stories, read a lot of non-fetish literature. I can't claim to have written anything that stands up to the great novelists I like to read, but I would like to think they give me a sense of how to write characters who are people, as @Ranpalan says. And stories about characters who are people are way sexier than stories about cardboard cut-outs, in my opinion. 

