Ei/Raiden Shogun gets really desperate! (Genshin Impact)

Author: Kittensoda

*000*2021-10-08 07:01

"A very, very long time" Crossposted from AO3 ♡ https://archiveofourown.org/works/34132588

After centuries without one, Ei has forgotten some basic principles of having a body...

....Or, Ei gets really desperate while out with Lumine and wets herself (and she likes it)

I had to write a fic about Ei because I love her she's so interesting

______

"Ek-!"

A sudden sharp shiver coursed through her body causing Ei to let out an involuntary little noise.

"Ei?" Lumine turned around to face her. "What was that, a hiccup?" She hid her smile behind her hand, not wanting to offend the woman. She just couldn't help but find that unexpected little noise cute.

Ei shook her head--the head of the Shogun body that she was possessing once again today to take another walk with her new companion. "No, no. The Shogun does not hiccup, you know." She said it proudly.

"Really?" Paimon raised an eyebrow. "Are hiccups an enemy of eternity too?"

"Yes, actually."

Lumine chuckled. "Come on." She held out her hand.

Ei hesitated for a moment before taking the traveler's hand in her own. "Where are we going today?"

Paimon twirled excitedly. "We thought you might enjoy this restaurant we found! It's soooo good! Ah, Paimon's been looking forward to eating there again~"

They walked hand in hand as Lumine led her down to a village just outside the city. There was a small food cart with a table for two that had rather creative cuisine. Of particular interest to Ei was of course a sweet and salty lychee juice. As the three of them enjoyed a light lunch and casual conversation about each other and change in Inazuma, Ei drank a considerable amount of the sweet stuff.

Ei shuffled in her seat. The strange shiver she had dismissed earlier had returned, and this time a dull tightness in her abdomen and a tingling sensation followed it. Very peculiar... Was the Shogun actually malfunctioning? She made a mental note to check into it later.

She looked up to see Lumine looking at her oddly. "You okay? You look a bit uncomfortable." Ei's face was a soft pink, pretty but unusual for her thus far, and her entire body seemed rigid compared to earlier.

"D-do I?" Ei made an effort to relax the tense muscles in her face. "Pardon me. It's nothing." Nothing for her companion to worry about. A minor issue really, that's all.

"Maybe it's time for a change of scenery?" Paimon suggested.

Lumine nodded.

"Oh? Okay, where to now?"

"There's an art exhibition on Amakane island right now! Lots of locals have put up displays." Paimon said.

"I thought you might find it interesting." Lumine said. Her soft smile made Ei smile in return.

"That does sound interesting." She was a bit curious to see how mortal artistic expression had developed. She hadn't paid attention to such things in a very, very long time.

The trek from the border of the city to Amakane was not very long, but for some reason Ei found it to be a bit of struggle. The dull ache in her belly tightened and pulsed with each step, sending waves of tingles flowing through her body. It almost hurt... only a little. Moreso than pain, the strong pulsing in her body felt...

... rather good?

She took in a sharp breath as a particularly strong wave coursed through her. She stopped in her tracks and discreetly pressed her thighs together. It seemed to ease the pressure for a moment. She let out a quiet little gasp and tugged at the edge of her skirt... and then let out a small sigh of relief as the feeling suddenly subsided just a tad.

Thank goodness. How undignified it felt to behave this way, she hoped her guests hadn't noticed anything.

Luckily for her, by the time Lumine and Paimon turned to face her, Ei had managed to stand upright again. She offered a smile but she knew it looked a bit weak. She was still feeling a bit clammy. Little aftershocks pricked her skin and she shivered just a bit.

"Everything good?" Lumine tilted her head.

"It's fine, I just... I stopped to look at something. But we can continue on our journey now." She placed her hands behind her back, rolled on her feet. The imminent threat was relieved somewhat but the dull ache inside her wasn't going away. What was happening to her?

Lumine stared at her, it felt like her eyes were seeing right through her. But she didn't say anything. Just offered her a small smile. "Do let me know if something is bothering you." She said.

She'd prefer to not show any weakness in front of the traveler. Or anyone for that matter. Besides it was not anything she could help with anyway. Ei had to keep this thing under control until the end of the night. Then she would diagnose the issue back at home.

Just wait until the end of the night. Just wait...

Crossing the shallow waters to Amakane island sent more shivers up her spine with every splish-splash step they took together. She stifled a moan.

Could she wait...? Maybe she should call it off and go home early.

No, she could wait. Of course she could. She wouldn't lose her day out with the traveler to whatever this is. She refused. This wasn't even a big issue. Just some odd aching feeling. Just some strange shivers that caused tingles that flowed all the way from her core to her fingertips. Just some strange twitching that made her feel warm and tense all over and also really good. Really, really good...

As they browsed the exhibits together, Ei was finding it increasingly more difficult to stand still. She started discreetly fidgeting in little ways she hoped the traveler (and the dozens of humans here who no doubt were paying extra attention to their archon's presence) wouldn't notice.

"What's this one called?" Paimon asked the artist of the large canvas in front of them. The image was beautiful but entirely incomprehensible.

"I-I've been calling it, Shower at Sunset." He looked so nervous yet eager to have them there looking at it.

"It's lovely." Lumine said.

"Th-thank you! What do you think, your excellency... Uh, if I may ask..."

Ei shifted from one foot to the other, then back again. And again. She was rubbing her poor hands dry. "Oh! I... Nngh..." She bit her lip for a second as another wave washed over her.

"You... Nn?" The young artist looked at her expectantly.

"S-sorry." She switched feet again, and willed the sensation to stop, stop. "What I meant to say is... W-well it's very... It's very vibrant. I sense a bright energy radiating throughout it."

"Yes!" The artist smiled brightly. "That's exactly it!"

"I've never seen anything like it before. I like it." She nodded her head quickly.

"You do? Oh thank you, your excellency!" He bowed. "Hearing that from you feels like the greatest blessing! Oh, I'm so happy I could burst!"

Ei's eye twitched.

They continued on this way looking at each piece, with Ei offering her sloppily delivered but sincere thoughts. Normally she was far more eloquent but whatever was happening to her, was also making it increasingly harder to think. The only thing she could think about was the pressure.

When they came to a beautiful sculpted fountain of a goddess pouring water from a pitcher something inside of her snapped. She bent forward just the smallest bit. She tried to hide a small groan in her throat but it came out anyway.

Lumine stared up at her in the corner of her eye. "Ei, what's wro-?"

"It's nothing!" Ei drummed her fingers on her thigh. She knew her voice was shaky but she couldn't help it. She started shifting from foot to foot again, hardly able to hide it anymore. The tightness inside her was getting worse by the minute. It was becoming unbearable... Truly unbearable! She didn't know how much more of this she could take. "Oh, oh... goodness... mm!" She mumbled. She paced in a small circle right there trying in vain to gain control over her body back.

"Ei?" Paimon squeaked. She turned to whisper to Lumine. "Ei's acting really weird, right? It's not just 'nothing!'"

"I know." Lumine said. "Paimon... Would you mind giving the two of us some privacy? Maybe I can get her to talk if it's just me. Okay?"

Paimon glanced between the two of them. "Well okay... Paimon will be right over there." She flitted away quickly.

Lumine turned back to the powerful and mighty electro archon beside her who now looked so small, flustered and helpless.

"Ei." She said grabbing her hand. "Follow me, let's go somewhere more private."

Lumine pulled her away from the commotion of the exhibition up the hill and into the trees. The setting sun filtering through the leaves cast a warm glow around them as they walked briskly to the top. Lumine felt Ei trembling, heard her heavy breathing punctuated with a small moan every other step.

Lumine hid them out of sight behind a tree. "Ei, what's going on?" She took both of Ei's hands in her own and rubbed them softly with her thumbs.

Ei felt her face warm. Her eyes watered from the immense will it took to control herself. She shook her head briefly. What was she going to say?

"Ei..." Lumine said softly. "You can talk to me. I want to help in anyway I can."

"Um... I..." Ei sighed. It was difficult to speak. Even as Lumine held Ei's hands to try to steady her, Ei could not stop her fidgeting, from one foot to the other in an anxious little dance. Her voice was airy and raspy.

"Lumine... I... forgive me, I don't know what's happening to me... to the Shogun, she's... I.... A-agh..." Ei suddenly doubled over and pulled her hands away from Lumine's to tightly grab her inner thighs. She felt hot, so hot all over, so tingly and tight all over. Such an intense feeling--it was overwhelming her, something was happening, something was coming. She jammed a hand between her thighs just as a hot spurt of liquid gushed through the thin fabric of her bodysuit and between her fingers.

And with that Ei realized it. She realized what had been happening to her all this time.

And at the same moment, Lumine also realized it. Why her companion had been so antsy all afternoon.

One spurt, then another, then another--piss dribbled down her inner thighs, yet she still tried to hold it in. Not in front of Lumine, she thought... I've got to do something, she thought... but she knew at this point she was powerless to stop it. With a loud gasp, Ei lost control. Hot piss jetted out of her, gushing through her fingertips and pouring between her legs.

"Ohh...! Ohh no... Aah..." Her tension turned to shock, then embarrassment, then quickly melted away into an overwhelming all-encompassing relief. "Mmm!" She moaned loudly as she let go of everything she had held back for the past several hours. She nearly lost her footing as she leaned back against the tree behind her. She lifted her skirt exposing the delicate butterfly embroidery on the front of her suit as she pissed harder. The loud hissing intermingled with the splattering and puddling on the ground and her own soft whimpering.

Lumine stared wide eyed at the scene in front of her. She blushed up to her ears. This poor, beautiful woman, this literal god, had been holding on all evening right next to her, trying so hard to hide it, and was now peeing herself uncontrollably, face red and eyes teary, completely losing herself in her relief.

It was so unbelievably hot.

She continued pissing there, the puddle at her feet growing larger and out of control. Excess pee spread through her lacey suit and trickled down her long shapely legs in small streams. Just how much had she been holding in? It seemed more than humanly possible.

"Haah... p-please don't stare..." Ei said shyly, breathily.

Lumine felt a shiver down her spine. Could this woman be any more cute? She averted her eyes for a moment... before turning back. She couldn't resist. She wanted to etch this scene into her mind.

Finally, the stream slowed to a trickle and then stopped... And just when Lumine thought she was finished, it started again, just a little more, droplets that soaked through her suit and added to the puddle below as it slowly seeped into the soil.

Ei sighed deeply of relief and shame. She squeezed her thighs together, wringing a bit of liquid out of her bodysuit that trickled down her thighs. She adjusted the front of her skirt. She had avoided getting her kimono too wet, but her tights and shoes were an undeniable mess. She couldn't believe she had wet herself like a child. She couldn't believe how good it had felt. Her empty tummy rippled with a strong pleasurable sensation, something she hadn't felt in ages. She felt feverishly hot all over.

Oh, but her companion had seen all of that. What must she be thinking seeing the electro archon like this?

There was an awkward silence between them. "Are you alright?" Lumine asked.

"Yes... I'm sorry you had to see that..." Ei said. "This... This may seem odd to you but, well I haven't possessed a physical form like this in a very, very long time, you see." She rubbed at the back of her neck. "It seems I have... forgotten some basic principles, so..." She was trying to explain herself so quickly that she stumbled on some of the words.

"It's alright," Lumine said calmly. Well, to her it was more than alright, it was a rare treasure she was all too happy to witness--but there was no way she going to admit to that.

"Ah, how could I have allowed this to happen... Something so simple this whole time... Oh, how foolish." Ei pulled into herself like a scolded child, still so thoroughly embarrassed. She let out a whiny little sigh.

Lumine reached her hand up and petted the older woman on the head. "It's alright, Ei. It's a completely understandable mistake. I won't tell a single soul, I promise."

Ei blushed. She quickly waved Lumine's hand away. "It's... it's not like I need you to reassure me or anything... I-I'm fine." She took a deep breath and stood up proudly once again. Still, Lumine really had been a big help to her in bringing her somewhere out of public view. Just the thought of the Inazumans seeing her like that gave her goosebumps. "But... well... thank you." She said softly.

Lumine nodded with a smile.

"I hate to cut things short but, I must get back home. Now."

"Yes, of course." Lumine said. "We'll see each other again soon, right?

Ei smiled coyly. "Certainly. Goodnight to you, Lumine." With that Ei left over the side of the hill and seemed to vanish.

Lumine walked back down the hill replaying the scene in her mind. She couldn't believe her luck, something like this happening to her was beyond her wildest dreams. She absolutely did not want to forget a single detail. She wanted to carve it into her memory for later.

"Where's Ei?" Paimon asked when she rejoined her.

"Oh, she said she needed to adjust something on the Shogun, so she went back home..."

*

Though Ei felt relief from the intense pressure, her body still felt hot all over.

After her bath, she lay on her bed, not yet ready to go back to the plane of euthymia. She was restless.

She ran the night's series of events over in her head. The immense pressure from holding so much, the total loss of control and how unbelievably good it felt to let it all go. And especially, the way the traveler's eyes bored into her the entire time.

It all made her feel hotter.

She felt her hands move on their own accord across her smooth skin, one to her breast, the other down to her warm wet center.

"Ah... Mnn..."

She felt a new pressure building inside her as her fingers worked her body. Soon she was squirming on the bed, breathing heavily.

Yes, this was another sensation that she hadn't felt in centuries... Oh, how good it felt. Good, good, so good, amazing...!

"Mnahh!" She came quickly, her body overwhelmed with surging pleasure that rippled through her body relentlessly.

She loved it, she needed it, she ached for it. She hadn't felt satisfaction like that in a very, very long time. Such mortal pleasures were unbecoming of a god, she didn't deserve this, it was counter to her lifestyle, needlessly indulgent. Yet knowing all of that just made it feel all the better.

She gave into those pleasures over and over again into the night.

She decided she ought to take physical form a little more often.

_____

*002*2021-10-09 20:01

{{18 hours ago, SussyBaka said:

Fun fact.mp4

}}

Hey buddy can you stop spamming my fics for no reason?

All characters in my stories are above 18

