Sagiri's desperation (hell`s paradise)

Author: Kayoo

*000*2023-09-05 21:31

Hello everyone ! today i wanted to write a story about sagiri yamada asaemon, a female character in hell's paradise. i invite you to read the synopsis if you didn't watched or read the anime/manga. i apologize for my bad english, im not a native so its hard sometimes.

Sagiri ran into the forest at full speed, to catch up with his detainee, gabimaru. in fact, after their arrival on the island each group took a different path to hope to find the coveted elexir of life. but as she let her guard down for a second, gabimaru jumped on her and took her to some nearby bushes, he covered her mouth with one hand and with the other he put his fingers on his mouth to signal her to stay quiet. her eyes filled with doubts, she slowly removed her hand from her mouth then, in a burst of courage, she took out her katana to face the danger. in front of her, a monster devoid of logic. a large fish head on the body of a statue. she began to run at full speed, positioning her katana in an offensive manner, then in two blows, the monster was decapitated.

- get out of there vermin. were you afraid of this miserable monster? she asked

- i wasn't, replied gabimaru

- then what's the point in hiding ?

- did you ever seen this in japan ?

- of course not ?

- so you dont now nothing about them ? right ?

- and ?

- i was not hiding because of fear but to learn about them.

- oh hum.. i see... because of all this effort, I'm dying of thirst, she said, let's find a place to drink and there we will establish a strategy to evolve in this forest

After about thirty minutes of walking, they found a small lake. the water was so transparent that you would think there was none. as sagiri, thirsty, trotted over to the water to drink, gabimaru stopped her.

- Really ? he said. are you a new born or something ?

- i don't think this water is poisoned, she replied

- i'll test it anyway

He then dipped his hands in the water, then tasted it. in fact, his ninja training had made him impervious to poisons. after a few seconds it confirmed that the water was drinkable. sagiri then rushed to gabimaru's side and started drinking. she drank for almost 5 minutes without stopping.after that they thought about how to move forward in the forest however, due to their lack of knowledge, no plan seemed interesting. In the end, since they arrived late, they just rested while the forest was quiet because they didn't know when they would be able to sleep next.two hours later sagiri was awakened by a strange sensation in her stomach. It only took her a few seconds before she realized she had to pee. she hadn't done it since midday before they left for the island and now she felt the effect of the water she had drunk.she got up embarrassed to head towards the bushes before realizing that gabimaru was awake and looking at her.

- what are you doing, keep sleeping, we dont know when we're gonna sleep again.

- it's not your buisness, leave me alone and sleep.

Then thinking she was hidden behind a pile of bushes, she slowly undid the belt of her kimono. then she lowered her pants to her knees, however just as she was about to pee, she was interrupted by a blow coming from behind. she was projected a few meters further. quickly she got up then put her pants back on followed by her kimono. in addition to having the problem of a bladder that filled up quickly, she didn't have her katana. the fight seemed difficult.

To be continued...

