Tak's Training (An Invader Zim AU Fanfiction)

Author: Kai Waii

*000*2020-02-07 12:46

“A true commander must have 100% control over every aspect of themselves,'' Those words rang through Tak’s head as she paced around her newly acquired second commander’s quarters.

She’s been with the resisty for several years now, climbing the rank. She's next in line for the commander position, but wanted to prepare herself however she possibly could, any training that she even had heard RUMORS of commanders going through, the elites, anything.

They were rumored to put themselves through everything imaginable to the point they could lead troops even with one of the greatest Irken weaknesses affecting them: their weak bladders.

She paced around her quarters, circling a table in the middle, in the middle of the table was a can of Irken soda, and a small vial of clear liquid, she paused to look at it for a moment, her antennae twitching a bit in apprehension.

She picked up the small glass vial and swirled the water-like substance. Holding it up to the lamp above, The label was skuffed and faded, faded to the point of illegibility. But she knew what it was, it contained a powerful diuretic, one strong enough to bring even the strongest bladdered individual to their knees..

She had gotten it from a group of smugglers that often supplied the resistance with various medicines. She put it back on the table, her antennae twitching once more, her nerves getting to her a bit, knowing that she can’t undo the effects once it’s been imbibed.

She resumed her pace around the table, debating if she should even do this, maybe it was just a dumb rumor, pff, this is stupid...right? And yet, it makes sense, It is a weakness of the irken race after all….

She bit her thumb a bit. “I’m just overthinking this, it’ll be fine.” She spoke to herself, glancing to the metallic door of her room, she then turned her attention to the box of junk that used to be Mimi, who’s in a state of almost repaired, but not yet functional.

She found herself wishing that she had finished that project so she could have Mimi guard the room, she had requested the day to train, however, if an emergency broke out…

She grabbed the vial once again, biting her lip slightly. “Here goes nothing, I guess.” She unscrewed the cap of the vial and downed it like a shot, the taste was bitter and unpleasant. She choked it down, grimacing a bit as she placed the vial down with a small “clack”.

She grabbed the soda and cracked it open, chasing the medicine down with the fizzy sweet beverage, the taste still lingered though, so she kept drinking until the taste was gone, leading to her finishing the whole can.

She crumpled the can and tossed it into the waste bin next to her bed. She clambered onto her bed, “Now we wait.” But that’s much easier said than done, she laid down on her back, letting out a small sigh, looking up at the ceiling, she could hear the quiet noises of the resisty headquarters.

She could hear some people chatting in the hallway of the various rooms. This chatter and background noise has given her so much more comfort than she’d ever admit, it made her feel like she wasn’t alone.

She inhaled deeply, smelling the stale and re-filtered air, she has grown used to it. This felt very much like home, and once she’s ready to help lead? She will make this group unstoppable.

She remembered when they found her, near death, PAK’s batteries low, she was originally kept to be ransomed off, but when the tallests turned her back on her, she was left a prisoner for a while, but they saw the potential to be a great member of the resisty in her, she wanted revenge, revenge on the tallests, revenge on Zim…just ...revenge...and that’s what they offered.

As time passed, she had grown loyal to the Resisty. No matter what, however once she’s gotten her revenge, all bets were off, at least that’s what she’d tell herself. She let out a small sigh, crossing her legs a bit to get more comfortable.

She glanced at the clock on the nightstand, it was still somewhat early. Not even 5 minutes had passed since she last looked. She stood up and went to the small window in her room, A perk of being in her current rank.

She watched the stars go by as the resisty boarding ship drifted lazily through space, surrounded by some of the various ships the resisty has acquired through the years. Most of these ships have been out of production for years and years.

She felt her bladder give a warning sign, she furrowed her brow a bit, pressing her legs together, it began. She lets out a shuddering sigh, closing the metal shutters on the window, turning around and pressing her back against the wall.

She fidgeted a small bit before shaking her head to clear her thoughts, she did this for training, and training she shall do, she squeezed her legs together one more time before moving them back apart. She began some basic training stretches.

It didn’t take long for her bladder to fill, it didn’t help that the stretches she was doing was putting strain on it, she winced a small bit, but kept doing them, trying to keep her legs apart unless the stretch required it.

She moved onto push-ups. 1, 2, 3, 4… The up and down movement caused the contents of her bladder to jostle around, she swallowed a whimper and continued, 5, 6, 7, 8…

Sweat dropped from her forehead to the floor, she could normally do push-ups without issue, but it was so much more difficult this way, 29, 30, 31, 32….

She was to do 100 of these, and she wasn’t holding up as well as she was hoping, It got bad fast, her legs felt weak and trembly, and her bladder felt painfully full, it felt like it could burst...She focused on the floor in front of her, a small puddle of sweat had pooled below her, 41, 42, 43, 44.…

A whimper accidentally slipped out from her, she winced, but more because of the noise than the pressure on her bladder. The walls are rather…thin, nobody heard her though, from what she could hear anyways.

She let out a sigh as she did the last push-up, she then pushed herself to using her PAK legs, wincing as her feet hit the floor, sending a jolt up through her entire being, Her legs snapped together for a moment, but she forced them back apart.

She grabbed the bottom of her uniform a bit and tugged down, shifting around a bit, it was really bad, but she was going to hold on, no matter what, she squeezed her legs together once more, before letting go of her uniform and moving her legs back apart, She had other exercises to do, more training to undergo.

No matter what.

She was just beginning her next set of exercises when she heard the buzz of the intercom turning on, “Attention all high ranking officials, please meet up in The headship, A free Vortian settlement has requested our assistance in defending their planet from the empire. I repeat, All high ranking officials, to the control deck on the main ship!” Lard Nar’s voice rang through the scratchy and outdated communication system.

She winced at it, knowing that she was one of said officials, And she’d have to pause her training, she squeezed her legs together for a second, gathering herself so she could do her duties. She was intending to do logic puzzles to ensure her mind stays clear and her decision making skills remain strong, however this will suffice.

She took a deep breath and then tapped the button to open the sliding door, strolling out as if nothing was wrong, appearing calm and collected on the outside, she made her way to the teleporter room, she appears confident, yet her PAK was giving her bladder capacity warnings.

She heard the ambient conversation of the other denizens of the ship, some were talking about the call over the intercom, some were discussing living on the ship, some were chatting about various topics, like the food service, their jobs, etcetera.

She walked down the hall, focused just right ahead, Her antennae twitched a bit as she heard her own Pak pinging her again over her bladder, it’s a good thing she’s the only person who can hear it...right?

She simply shrugged it off though, She reached the teleporter room, looking at the cylindrical glass tubes that would teleport her to any ship in the resisty armada she needed to go to. She made her way towards the largest teleporter in the middle, teleporter 27, which leads to the Headship, the StarSkipper. She stepped in and pressed the button to shut the tube, and prepared it for transportation, the panel sparked and fizzled a bit, but a firm smack to the console caused it to work as intended.

With a blinding flash of purple tinted light and a loud crackle and “bzzt”, she was brought to the StarSkipper’s teleporter room, She teleported just a tad above the floor of the teleporter, dropping a few inches to the ground, sending shockwaves through her poor, painfully full bladder, she doubled over a bit at the shock, her Pak legs extended up ensure she didn’t fall over.

Her legs were clenched together as tight as they possibly could, She had a death grip on the bottom of her uniform’s shirt, and was tugging down, She felt a thread or 2 pop in the woven uniform, but she didn’t care, she felt a small bit of urine spurt out past her iron defenses, she felt herself pale a bit, and her antennae dropped flat against her head.

It took her awhile to regain full control, longer than she wanted it to. But she wobbly got to her feet, took a deep breath, and re-separated her legs, she quickly looked around, to ensure nobody saw her slip there, She was saved as she was alone in the teleportation chamber, maybe the others were already at the control deck?

She cleared her throat and straightened herself up, smoothing her wrinkled uniform shirt and moving her legs back apart, her Pak legs retracting fully, she began walking out of the teleportation room as if nothing happened.

Outside of the teleportation room was a hallway that lead to an elevator to the other decks, she made her way towards it, Passing by more teleporters and a few various maintenance rooms, she wasn’t sure what was there, but it wasn’t her destination, so it didn’t matter to her.

She got into the elevator to see one of the resisty members, not high ranking, but not the lowest on the totem pole, she gives them a curt nod, they nod back, She looked over the wall of 50 buttons, before hitting the button for the floor she needed to go to, the other person was heading a deck below, so it’s just another delay to her.

The other resisty member was focused on the door, not even awkward smalltalk was exchanged between the 2 as the elevator creaked its way up, the bulb flickered with a small hum, it was still providing light, but it was dim and flickering, but she didn’t really care though.

She heard her Pak give another warning about fluid capacity, it was getting really, really, bad, but she refused to show any signs (ESPECIALLY since she’s not alone in the elevator). She glanced over to the screen, showing their progress in their ascent to the higher levels, they were slowing to a stop 2 decks below the one the other member was heading to.

One of the higher ranking resisty members walked onto the elevator, followed by their assistant. They were one of the other ones called to the brig, She backed up to make sure they had room, and also because she didn’t like people in her personal space, The lower ranked member also backed up, and if they weren’t quiet before, they certainly are now…

The elevator ride felt like it took forever, before slowing to a stop at the lower ranking member’s requested stop, they awkwardly squeezed past the higher ranking officials, their mandibles clacking together apologetically, as they went to join the rest of the janitorial crew on that floor. Leaving Tak alone on the elevator with the higher ranked alien and their Vortian companion, Who even after all these years, still eyed Tak with distrust.

The elevator continued its ascent, with the distrustful Vortian assistant eyeing Tak, as if just waiting for her to strike, but Tak had other things on her mind…

She felt her antennae droop, hitting the back of her head with a small clack. Her bladder throbbed, threatening to release now, yet she refused to allow herself to show even just a single sign, yet her Pak began flickering in a way the Vortian couldn’t help but notice, Tak felt a bead of sweat roll down her forehead, it didn’t help that assistant had his eyes laser focused on her.

The elevator lights flickered and dimmed further, and the elevator ground to a halt between the decks. “My, how unfortunate.” The high ranking general muttered to themselves, before reaching for and pressing the call for maintenance button. Meanwhile, the assistant kept their eyes on Tak…

As the general was explaining the situation to the maintenance workers, Tak was trying to stay calm, but on the inside, she’s in panic mode, her bladder was so full it hurt, and she knew it wouldn’t stop, her Pak has been giving her fluid level warnings too, so that didn’t help at all. And the worst part? She didn’t know exactly how much longer she could hold on…

She bit her bottom lip, shifting her weight from side to side, glancing over to the 2 other people in the elevator, the General, a Screwhead by the name of General Fernaru, was focused on relaying the relevant information to the maintenance drones through the intercom. And his Vortian assistant, Craw G’halu, who has not stopped staring at Tak.

“What are you staring at?” Tak said curtly. Furrowing her brow, and flattening her antennae even more. Normally though, she would’ve just ignored his staring, but she had no time or patience for this right now.

“Well, yknow, the years of slavery would do that to you. I just will never trust an Irken...Plus, your Pak is flashing and that’s making me nervous, what’s it gonna do? What are you planning? Eh?” The cross Vortian snapped.

Tak simply raised an eyebrow to the outburst, her antennae popping up a bit, ready to remind this rookie of their rank. “May I remind you, that not only is your personal superior right there, but I also vastly outrank you, and if I had ill will towards you or any of the resisty-” she squeaked a bit at the end as a little spurt escaped, her antennae flopped back and she just froze, her face heating up a bit, but managed to prevent her legs from slamming together.

Craw raised his eyebrows and took a step back. “What the hell?!” He looked her up and down.

Tak glared at him, but before anything else happened, General Fernaru turned around, stopping Craw in his tracks, and Tak didn’t want to fight in front of a superior, she straightened her posture a bit and cleared her throat, antennae still flattened.against her head.

They all stood in an awkward silence, just waiting for the repair squad to do their job and repair the elevator…

Tak shifted her weight from foot to foot, she so desperately didn’t want to give off any signs at all, but her bladder was so, painfully, full…Her breathing had become shallow, as to avoid making it worse, but she refused to let any signs show….

However, not 3 minutes later, the elevator creaked, and jerked upwards, resuming its slow ascension, Tak let out a relieved sigh, despite herself. The doors creak open, Tak nearly pushed the assistant out of her way to get out of the elevator, it was so bad, she needed to go, and now. She started to make the turn towards the restrooms on this deck, But an intercom message rang out, interrupting her.

“Attention high ranking officials, the situation has turned hostile, All high ranking officials to their stations, now! Repeat: High ranking officials to the brig NOW, And soldiers, to your battle stations, Resisty protection program participants, Get to your rooms, It’s code Pergle, repeat: Code Pergle.” Lard Nar’s voice rang out over the scratchy intercom, sounding panicked, it must have gone badly....

She looked back the way she was heading to get to the restrooms for a moment, before furrowing her brow, she had a job to do, and by god, she was gonna do it, she marched down the hallway towards the control room, acting confident once more, even though her bladder was so full, it felt like it could burst at any moment…She had a job.

She reached the brig, saluting her new superiors, and taking up her post, at one of the chairs, her job was to help the commander, Who was seated next to her, with a large monitor in front of them.

Tak crossed her legs on the chair, trying to look casual, but in reality, it was because she was struggling to handle this, her Pak gave the dreaded final warning just then. [Fluid Waste Containment Organ is at maximum capacity and cannot hold anymore, Please make your way to the nearest restroom, The countdown has begun before the P.A.K, initiates the forced ejection of fluid waste, as to avoid unwanted damages to the organ or to the P.A.K’s sensors.]

She paled a bit, eyes going wide and antennae pressed flat against her head, she frantically scanned over the room, panicking internally, she could faintly hear the countdown going down, she had 15 minutes to get out of here. She heard what happened, the planet that sent the call for aid was starting to be conquered.

Off of the commander’s screen, She saw an offshoot of the Irken armada, beginning to bombard the poor planet with lasers. The commander watched, wide-eyed, Tak leaned forwards (wincing a bit at the pressure change), and pointed to the small ship hovering close to the attacking ship. “That’s the powership, the-the battery for the laser is external and the-the-the power is beamed in from a different ship.” she explained, stuttering a bit, despite herself.

The artillery leader nods, sending that information to the stormer ships, that was gonna launch a counter attack.

Tak pointed out the type of fleet it was, a recolonization fleet, so they were intending to wipe out the Vortians here, only to replace them with more Irkens, she pointed out the ship that had the smeets that would’ve grown to be the new inhabitants, the artillery leader nodded, giving the information to the stormer ships as well.

She continued to give any information she possibly could regarding the fleet, even through the brain fog a full bladder and a stress inducing countdown could give a person. She felt another jet of urine escape while she was in the middle of a sentence, causing her to accidentally yell out the rest of it, before quickly getting to her feet, wincing at the shock of the drop.

“I, Sec-Second Commander Tak, would like to request to be dismissed.” She said, saluting, her legs pressed together.

Leader Lard Nar’s eyebrows raised at this, she hasn’t requested to be dismissed since she was first rescued/captured. “Second Commander Tak, is everything alright?” he asked.

She nodded a bit, trying not to fidget, She saluted and waited to be dismissed. The rest of the crew murmured amongst themselves for a bit, She looked between them all, a bead of sweat rolling down her forehead, her clock rapidly clicking down.

She wanted to put her hands in between her legs to try to help alleviate some of the pressure as it just hurts so bad, it doesn’t help that she’s stuck standing here, as still as can be, in front of all her superiors and some of her equals, the only person who was lower rank than her, is the assistant from the elevator, who was busy taking notes, glancing up only to look at her.

“Everyone please, quiet down.” Leader Lard Nar barked out, the room went silent, “Second Commander Tak, As much as I’d like to, under code 8702-D, in order for me to grant your request for dismissal, You must present a reason.” he continued, leaning forward in his chair slightly.

If her antennae could flop back further, they would be, she winced a bit, she thought over how to explain this, “Uh, I...Er...I-I was- my-my training was not completed, it’s something I desperately must attend to.” she babbled.

Some of her superiors raised an eyebrow to her stammering, maybe thinking she’s lying, they began muttering among themselves again, she looked over the group, fidgeting a bit, partially from nerves but mostly because she was about 10 minutes away from actually pissing herself, She looked up to Lard Nar, awaiting his answer with bated breath.

He thought it over a bit, listening to the others discuss it, keeping track of the answers, before slamming his fist down on the arm of his chair, signalling the discussion period is over. “The ayes have it, Second Commander Tak, your request for dismissal has been approved. You may go.” Lard Nar concluded after a moment.

Tak let out a sigh of relief, and bowed her head, “Thank you, my leader, long live the resisty.”, She saluted and then quickly made her way out.

Once she was out in the hallway, she felt her knees buckle, twisting inwards, She swallowed back a whimper, she had to get out of there ASAP. She sprinted towards the restrooms on this deck, wincing as it increased her (already very intense) need to pee, she felt a spurt slip out, dampening her pants further, she let out a yelp, hopping a bit as to continue moving forwards but also to allow her legs to snap together, she grabbed her uniform shirt, pulling down on it, causing her to hunch over further.

She reached the restrooms, only to see a big ol’ “out of order” sign plastered on the restrooms, she furrowed her brow, “Oh come on!” she exclaimed, absolutely livid, She went to try the doorknob anyways, but it was locked, she kicked the door in frustration, sending a jolt through her body, causing her to leak once more, she quickly crossed her legs against each other, squeezing them to try to hold herself without actually using her hands.

She had to stay like that for a whole minute for her to regain control, she winced at the lost time there, but she knew if she didn’t do that, she wouldn’t have gotten the last 6 minutes. She made her way towards the elevators, maybe she could make it back to her room, there was a restroom in there! She hobbled out into the hallway, checking to see if anyone else was around, The coast was clear so she stuck a hand in between her legs to try to hold on, She limped forth.

She reached the elevator, and pressed the button to call it, shoving her other hand in between her legs as well, she hopped slightly from foot to foot, she hated that she was doing a potty dance like a smeet, but it…helped a little bit. a whine slipped from her lips, she had to pee so badly.

The elevator finally arrived, empty, thank goodness. She hobbled in, and gingerly removed one of her hands from in between her legs to press the button for the teleportation deck, she put her hand back between her legs, leaning on one of the side walls for support while she waited for the elevator to descend, She bit back a whimper as she braced for the movement of the elevator.

It creaked as it went down at a snail's pace, She had her eyes focused on the screen that showed what level she was on, and counted down, shifting her weight from leg to leg a bit, still leaning on the wall, she bit her lower lip to keep herself from making any noise.

The elevator ground to a halt at the teleporter deck and the doors opened with a creak, She took her hands out from in between her legs and hurried out and towards the teleporter bay, not caring if anyone sees her at this point, She shoved past people in the hallways as she rushed towards the teleporters, knocking over a poor Screwhead who was mid-conversation with a Jarbinthion.

“Sorry” she called back, directed at everyone she shoved, she slid a bit past the teleporter bay, but was able to stop herself from fully overshooting it, she rushed in, scrambling for teleporter 27, she practically threw herself in, slamming her fist on the door button, the glass panel squealed as the wheels ground against the metal track. It closed with a click and a beep, She hit the button to teleport, and with a blinding flash of purple tinted light and a loud crackle and “bzzt”, she was back in the ship her room is in.

She pressed the button to leave, but instead, there was an error buzz. “What?! No! Let me out!” She yelled, slamming her fist on the console, and then on the button to leave again, and yet that error noise sounded again.

“Come on- Help! Help!” She shouted, slamming her fists against the glass to try to get someone’s attention, desperately trying to get out, her legs buckled & gave way, leading her to falling to her knees, She lets out a yelp as the force jostled her painfully full bladder, causing her to start leaking, 2 minutes left, she realizes she can’t do this.

Even if she was free by now, she would have to really rush, and it doesn’t sound like anyone heard her, she continued to scream out for someone, anyone, to help her.

She felt some more pee dribble out, she was fighting a losing fight, she let out a shaky breath, she squeezed her legs as tight as she could, desperately trying to hold on, but she knew she couldn’t. 1 minute left, she yelled one last time. “Please! Please! Someone…Anyone…” her voice cracked.

And then...

[Initiating Forced Fluid Waste Removal...]

She quickly took her hands out from in between her legs as her bladder failed her, spilling its contents, she bit back a moan. “N-no, No!” she whimpered out, still trying desperately to stop it, but she physically could not stop it, she couldn’t do anything but stare at the floor.

The purple tinted puddle spread quickly on the glass floor underneath her as her tired bladder rejected its contents, reflecting the lights from the top of the teleporter, a liquid from a different source dripped into the puddle.

She furrowed her brow, and rubbed one of her eyes, pulling back a wet hand, was she… No, She wet herself like a smeet…and is crying like one too.

She quickly wiped at her eyes, trembling, she got to her feet to assess the damage. the puddle was...quite large, and her pants were absolutely soaked, as was a bit of the back of her uniform’s shirt, and a good half of her coat, her antennae poked up a small bit, at least she isn’t hurting anymore.

She tapped the button, and almost comically, the door slid open. She furrowed her brow again, her antennae perking up in irritation, but simply just sighed, she began the walk of shame back to her room, to go get cleaned up, how embarrassing. But before she fully left, she went to the maintenance console and tapped the call button.

“Teleporter pad 27 needs cleaning.”

*002*2020-02-08 04:29

Thank you so much! ^^

*005*2020-02-12 12:07

@LifeIsStrange

Since Gaz is canonly a minor, I personally wouldn't feel terribly comfortable with writing omo content for her, even if i were to age her up, thanks for the idea though!

