The Tale of an ATS Officer: A Long Transport

Author: Kayn

*000*2024-03-04 22:18

This is a story I wrote several months back and have been sitting on since, but I’ve decided to go ahead and post it now. The inspiration for this came mainly from my love of ladies in uniform along with my interest of desperation in historical times; as such, this story is written in the perspective of a former military woman sharing an experience from her past.

Quick author’s note: this story takes place in the 1940s, a time period and a setting that I have very little knowledge and experience in. While I did my best to do some preliminary research to establish as much accuracy as I could, please bear in mind that I’m no historian, so there are likely some historical inaccuracies present. Ultimately, the main point of the story is obviously the omo aspect, so that was my primary focus.

On that note, please enjoy!

The Tale of an ATS Officer: A Long Transport

When I think back to my days in the service, I can still remember the hardships and difficulties that I had to face, many of which, I believe, shaped me into the woman I am today. There are several that jump to mind, whether it’s the struggle of living away from home for the first time, or the constant looming worry that stems from being stationed at a place of conflict.

But there were many smaller hardships, many that I personally endured, that often don’t get mentioned, though I believe those are equally important in conveying the true reality of what life was like for a young and inexperienced military woman in those days, such as myself. The story I’m about to share here today is an example of such that took place during my time in the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS) — a time when a seemingly ordinary event turned into a rather bizarre predicament, one that nearly caused me to experience the greatest humiliation of my life. Looking back after all these years, I must admit the whole thing was actually quite humorous, and this little anecdote is sure to give you, dear reader, quite the laugh — though I can assure you it was anything but amusing at the time!

When this took place, in the year 1942 (I had just turned 30), I was posted in the Middle East at a camp in Egypt, doing my duties there as an intelligence officer. Much of my job involved handling classified military information and relaying it to various superior officers as necessary; it was often demanding at times, but I welcomed the hard work, and I found it to be very fulfilling. On this particular day, I was given the task of carrying a set of reports up north to a camp located about 3 hours away by car.

Initially, I was meant to travel up alone, driven up by one of the girls in the camp who’d been trained as a driver. However, two area commanders had chosen that same day to run barracks inspections in all the camps in the vicinity, and it so happened that they were both headed to the same camp that I was. So it was quickly decided that I would simply accompany them on their journey rather than wasting fuel for me to drive up separately. The trip would, however, take longer since the commanders planned to make a couple stops at some smaller camps along the way. I was not bothered by this, however, and was more than happy to travel with them.

The two men arrived early that morning to go through the inspections, during which time I quickly got myself ready for the journey. I donned the usual ATS uniform, consisting of an all-khaki ensemble of a shirt, jacket, and skirt with brown shoes. Even our stockings and underwear were the same beige color! It was all rather drab and monotonous in my eyes, though we hardly had any other options. With my uniform in place, I went to the office to pick up the all-important package: a box sealed tight containing the reports that were to be transferred. With it in hand, I made my way to one last stop before I set off on the journey: the mess hall. 

With summertime rapidly approaching, the heat was growing worse with each day; even the mornings were becoming unbearable. Such was the case that day, and I stepped into the mess hall with quite a thirst and a hankering for some cold water to cool myself off. Hoping to keep myself well hydrated for the long journey, I gulped down several cups of water and even filled up my large steel bottle to the brim which I planned to bring with me.

Soon afterwards, I met with the commanders, who introduced themselves as well as their driver, Carol, a young woman from a different camp who’d be driving us the whole way. I certainly didn’t envy her job — it was a long trip there and back, over six whole hours of driving which she had to manage on her own! Nevertheless, she did not seem too perturbed and happily got on with it as we set off from the camp, sitting alone at the front while I sat in the back seat between the two commanders, making conversation as we went along. Unfortunately, the heat was making things quite uncomfortable in the cramped area, and my thick uniform vest was certainly not doing anything to help. I found myself sipping continuously from my bottle as we went; I’d thought a liter of water would be adequate for the whole trip, but after just half an hour, it was nearly all gone! I silently cursed to myself, knowing I shouldn’t have finished it all so early.

Little did I know, however, that my true predicament was only just beginning: it was right around then that I began feeling that all too familiar sensation down below — the dreaded call of nature. I immediately realized what a foolish mistake I’d made: to drink so much water right before an hours-long trip with no guarantee of women’s lavatory facilities along the way…oh dear, what had I been thinking? But alas, it was all too late now. Our next stop was due to be a storage facility about an hour away, and I simply had to hope I could find suitable accommodations there.

The drive was fairly uneventful, and the two gentlemen beside me proved to be pleasant company, though I was getting increasingly distracted from the conversation by my personal need, which grew alarmingly quickly over the next hour. Upon arrival at our first stop, it had developed into quite the pressing urge, and I was very keen to get out of the car and search for a place to relieve myself.

But as the car came to a halt and I made to climb out, one of the commanders stopped me and said we wouldn’t be staying long, and that it’d be better if I remained in the car so we could set off quickly once they were done. I badly wanted to protest, but how could I? I certainly couldn’t disobey a superior’s command, and I was far too embarrassed to admit such a private need to him. Thus, I was forced to bite my tongue and watch on as they walked off to the building beyond the gate. At the very least I had the company of Carol, which provided some welcome distraction.

I was hoping the wait would be a short one as the commander had promised, but it was over half an hour before they finally made their way back, a duration during which my most unfortunate condition had worsened considerably. As we set off once again, I was in genuine discomfort, and this time it had nothing to do with the heat (though that too was awful). I innocently asked the commanders what our next stop was and how long it would take to arrive, and they told me we’d be stopping at a camp about an hour away. This response was far from comforting. The word “hour” in particular was a cause of serious worry. In the condition I was in, it was going to be a long way. I knew from prior trips that this road was completely bare, so there was no hope of finding a place to stop along the way. I was in for the whole ride. And with the commanders sitting on either side of me, I simply had to keep myself composed — the last thing I wanted was for them to realize that I was dying for a pee!

It was no easy task — an hour had never felt so long, and as we neared the second stop, it was impossible to sit still. For the final twenty minutes, I sat with my thighs clenched tight while my legs jiggled restlessly in place. When I finally laid my eyes on the camp gates as we drew near, I genuinely let out a breath of relief.

But just when I was thinking that I was finally saved, we rolled through the gates into the enclosed area, and I saw that this was no camp, but rather a construction zone. You see, what my gentlemen companions had failed to inform me of was that this “camp” was still being built and was clearly nowhere close to being finished. It was mostly just piles of materials lying about everywhere, and a couple of small squat buildings in the middle. 

One quick look around was enough to deduce that Carol and I were the only two women amidst a crew of male workers. And based off of what I could see, I quickly came to a most unwelcome conclusion: there were no lavatories available here, certainly not one suitable or private enough for a woman to use. Clearly all the male workers were fine with walking a ways down the road to unburden themselves out in the open, a luxury that I simply did not have. I’m sure you can imagine the horror I felt at that moment: I was now doomed to endure my bladder until we arrived at the final camp — and that could take another two hours!

Just like before, the commanders headed off as soon as we came to a stop, disappearing into one of the small buildings and leaving Carol and I to watch over the car while they went about their duties. This time, the wait was far more difficult, and I was noticeably agitated as I sat with tightly crossed legs in the backseat. At least with the superiors gone, I could squirm freely to help keep my bladder calm, though even that was starting to help less and less. I was quickly becoming desperate, and at this rate I knew the situation would soon become precarious. I tried to keep up conversation with Carol, but truthfully, I was struggling to even focus on that. All I could do was sit there and silently implore the commanders to hurry up and finish so we could be on our way as quickly as possible.

When the building door reopened half an hour later and one of the commanders reemerged, my heart leapt as I thought we’d finally be on our way again. To my dismay, it turned out he merely came out to invite us inside for some tea! Tea was the absolute last thing I needed, but it wasn’t my place to refuse the offer, so I simply nodded and followed alongside Carol into the building. Inside, a couple of the workers greeted us and quickly poured us full steaming hot mugs, which I politely accepted before taking the seat that was offered. I did not relish the idea of putting even more liquids in my body, but refusing to drink would simply have been rude.

As I slowly sipped, the men sitting around the table continued with their discussions, though my mind was so clouded by my need at this point that I genuinely couldn’t focus on what they were even saying. Not that it related to me anyway, so I was more than happy to sit there in silence as they talked.

The meeting went on for another thirty minutes, a duration during which I rapidly grew incredibly restless. I was bursting for the loo, and I simply could not keep myself still! I was glad the table covered everything below my waist because underneath, my legs were bouncing frantically without pause. I was crossing my legs one way, then the other, shifting in my seat every two minutes trying to find a comfortable position. It was not at all how an officer was supposed to behave in such a formal situation, but I just couldn’t help myself, so great was my need. And to make matters worse, I had to keep sipping away at my tea, lest I be rude to the kind men who offered it, but in doing so, I was only adding even more fuel to my already bloated bladder. Goodness, what a predicament I was in!

At long last, the discussions came to an end, and along with it my masterful chair-wriggling performance. The commanders rose to their feet — while I gratefully followed suit — bid their farewells and made their way out and back to the vehicle. I hurried along behind Carol, more eager than anyone to get back on the road once more. The four of us clambered back inside, retaking the same seats as before. Finally, after one last goodbye, Carol brought the engine to life, and we were off.

It was the final leg of the journey, but also without a doubt the most difficult one. Even from the get-go I was incredibly desperate — I had no idea how I was going to manage another whole hour in the state I was in. But what other option did I have? I was forced to sit there, grit my teeth, and squeeze my thighs together to hold on until we arrived.

When I tell you what transpired was the longest and most agonizing hour of my life, I genuinely mean it. I couldn’t remember a time when my bladder had been so full, it was excruciating! But I had to outlast it, I had to endure until we arrived, because if I didn’t, it would’ve been the biggest humiliation of my life. Clasping my hands together tightly, I tried to keep myself distracted; leaning forward in my seat, I looked out the window at the passing scenes, the trees, the rocks, anything. It didn’t help much at all.

I was beyond agitated, my knees bobbing rapidly up and down practically of their own free will. I rubbed my hands up and down my shaking thighs, smoothing out my skirt and trying to keep it from riding up from all the movement. The pressure in my abdomen was immense, and yet every minute it just grew worse and worse. And as if things weren’t bad enough, the road we were on was incredibly uneven, and every bump we rode over sent a jolt of pure agony straight through my bladder. It was absolute misery!

I was praying and praying in my head for this awful journey to just please come to an end. Staring at the back of Carol’s head, I silently implored her to drive as fast as she possibly could and get us to the camp. Truth be told, she was doing a very good job, and we were making quick progress, but with my bladder pounding inside me, nothing felt fast enough. I kept craning my neck as I stared longingly out the window at the horizon ahead, hoping against hope each time I did so that I would finally see the camp looming in the distance, that our arrival would be imminent; but each time, I saw nothing but vast emptiness, reminding me that there was still a long way to go.

By the time we were halfway through, the pressure was already reaching unbearable heights. It felt as if a fire had been ignited at my crotch, so strong was the sensation that tore viciously in my lower belly. It was desperation in a sense that I had never felt before. Oh, I would’ve given anything, anything, to have been able to empty my throbbing bladder, I didn’t care how, just so long as I could be free of this awful burden! But trapped within the confines of that car and seated between two high-ranking men, I was as helpless as a child. It was a horrible situation to be in.

At this point, I was utterly frantic. “Agitated” wouldn’t even begin to describe it. My legs were shaking violently underneath me in every direction they could find space. I had long since given up any attempt to remain discreet, for that was simply no longer possible. I was well aware that my companions had noticed my strange behavior — I could see their questioning glances out of the corner of my eyes, which sent a blush creeping up to my face. Thankfully, they didn’t bother to comment on it, and for that at least I was grateful.

Every single muscle in my lower half was constricted, pushing back against the heavy weight of my swollen bladder in my desperate attempts to keep it at bay. Just a bit longer, just a bit longer, was all I could think, over and over again in my head, like a chant, spurring myself to keep holding on. My poor sphincter felt like it was about to tear open from all the immense force that it was enduring. It was so incredibly painful; I could not believe how I was even managing to keep it all in anymore.

As the situation became dire, I was starting to become extremely concerned. The need was so incredibly strong by now that I was genuinely beginning to wonder if I could even manage to wait long enough. The thought that I might actually wet myself where I sat, right next to both the commanders, began going through my head. It was a horrifying possibility. As my desperation reached agonizing levels, for the first time I was seriously considering begging the commanders to stop the car so I could scurry behind it, lift up my skirt and squat down right then and there, privacy be damned. Oh, even just the thought was so inviting, I longed to be able to do it, to finally ease this awful pain, I didn’t even care how embarrassing it would be. But alas, I simply could not work up the courage to make such a request, even with my bladder practically screaming at me to do so. Besides, we weren’t too far off now, if only I could just wait a bit longer…

The final fifteen minutes were nothing short of sheer torture. I sat hunched over at the waist, my hands clutching at the seat so hard my knuckles were almost popping out of my hand. I could hardly even breathe, my throat constricted out of pure, unadulterated need. My bladder was utterly relentless in its onslaught against me, and the urge was so strong that I was tearing up from the vicious pain. It honestly felt like there was a massive lake pressing down between my legs, and it was growing bigger and bigger in size with every minute. It was absolute agony. I was grinding my feet against the floor, my toes curled tight out of pure desperation. Come on, we’re so close, almost there, almost there… Those words were the only thing on my mind at that moment. I knew deep down that we weren’t far now, and I’d be damned if I were to lose the battle after getting this close!

But the last bit is always the hardest, and boy was that true in this case. I was nearly in tears, practically choking back sobs as I endured one vicious pang from my bladder after another. My hands pressed down hard against my upper lap, fingers clutching at my skirt, and my thighs flew side to side all across the seat in a frenzy. I was actively fighting the urge to reach down and hold myself between my legs. Inside my head, I kept saying the words over and over: almost there, almost there, oh please…

And then, at long last, there it was: the buildings of the camp, visible on the horizon. My eyes widened immediately at the sight, and the elation I felt upon seeing it was like no other emotion I had ever felt. Oh, I nearly wept with joy! Finally, the end of my torture was approaching.

As we were admitted through the gates, I sat bolt upright in my seat, ready to pop out of my seat and rush headlong for the nearest lavatory I could find. My main duty, of course, was to deliver the box of reports in my possession to the intelligence officers, but they were simply going to have to wait.

However, any hope I had of running off in search of relief were soon gone, because the moment Carol brought the car to a stop, we were quickly approached by a female officer, who turned out to be the base commander. As we disembarked, she introduced herself and greeted the gentlemen, while I was forced to stand there politely and respectfully. I can assure you, trying to maintain composure and professionalism while your bladder’s about to explode is just about the hardest thing you could do, as I learned firsthand at that moment. My legs were practically twisted into a knot as I stood there waiting for the commanders to finish up their chatter. They took their sweet time, leaving me to scream curses in my head as I swore internally at them to hurry up and finish their damn conversation! A full bladder really does bring out the worst in you.

Finally, the base commander turned her attention to me and the package I was carrying, asking me where it was to be delivered, and it was with enormous difficulty that I managed to stammer out an answer to her question. Thankfully, the commander offered to show me to the office to which I was supposed to bring the documents, and asked the group to follow her as she began leading the way.

Even the simple act of walking was agonizing, each step disturbing my bladder and sending sensations of pure pain flooding through my abdomen. I didn’t dare separate my thighs for even an instant, so it was more like an awkward shuffle as I took one small step after another, all while trying to keep up with the commander’s pace. I swear I could practically feel the liquid sloshing around within. God, I was so unbelievably full, there could not have been a milliliter of space left. I simply had to find a lavatory, immediately! But where was it??

As we approached the building, the commander indicated for me to go in, saying that there was an officer inside waiting for me. And indeed, the moment I stepped through the door, I was greeted by another woman, a fellow intelligence officer like me. Seeing the package in my hands, she nodded and said she’d been expecting me, before turning and bidding me to follow her to the back where we would file the reports.

I, however, simply could not wait any longer.

Plopping the box on a nearby table, I quickly stopped her firmly in her tracks, and then, with a sense of utmost urgency that I did not have to feign, and a face the color of beetroot, hastily confessed my desperate plight to her before begging her to show me to the nearest lavatory. For a moment she seemed taken aback by my sudden candidness. But she must’ve noticed the utter distress on my face because she immediately became very sympathetic and quickly began ushering me out the door.

I followed her gratefully as she took me to a small wooden shack situated a short distance away. Written upon the door were the most welcome words I had ever seen: “WC – Female”. Giving my escort my sincerest thanks, I nearly flung myself through the door, slamming it shut and locking it while my clenched legs trembled underneath me. Whipping around, I turned to face the “toilet”, which was nothing but a hole in the ground lined with a metal pan. It wasn’t much, but at that moment, it looked like heaven to my eyes.

I staggered towards it while simultaneously hiking up my skirt, straddling the pan underneath. So urgent was my need that I couldn’t even wait until my undergarments were down before starting to pee, sending the initial stream gushing straight through the fabric in a messy spray. Grabbing the waistband, I frantically lowered my knickers before squatting down at last and unleashing an absolutely monstrous stream into the pan.

Ohhh… my goodness, I could not even begin to describe the utter relief I had felt at that moment. To this day I can vividly remember it, as if it were yesterday. It was heavenly. I moaned audibly as pure and total bliss enveloped my whole body, the incredible sensation of wonderful release after five hours of absolute torture, of finally allowing my tightly constricted muscles to relax completely. I grew weak in the knees, almost collapsing from relief.

From between my legs raced out a literal river of pee as I emptied out the fullest bladder I’d ever held in my life. The sound of the powerful jet thundering against the metal was deafening. The stream was clear as water and thick as a pencil, bursting forth with incredible, unrelenting force. I sighed and sighed as I spread my legs apart, relishing the sensation of all that urine finally gushing out of me. And it continued on at extraordinary length, far longer than I had ever gone before. I wasn’t keeping track, but it must’ve been over a minute before it finally came to an end.

Even once I was done, I had to sit there for a moment just to catch my breath and regain my senses. The feeling of an empty bladder had never felt so good. I got to my feet, feeling immensely lighter than I had five minutes ago.

And now, dear reader, you may be thinking that the story is done and over — but I can assure you it’s not!

For no sooner than I opened the lavatory door to make my way back out, did I come face to face with Carol, standing there grimacing with her hand buried in her crotch! Before I could so much as react, the girl had shoved right past me, her fingers furiously clawing at her trousers’ button as she went.

In that split second, it suddenly dawned on me that I had not been the only one suffering from a lengthy lack of lavatories. It was obvious now looking back, as she’d been with me throughout the entire trip, and had no doubt been longing for a comfort break just like I’d been, something I’d completely failed to notice at the time having been preoccupied with my own need.

Carol, driven by absolute urgency, slammed the door shut behind her without even attempting to place the lock. However, the wooden door merely rattled against the frame and swung right back open, providing her with no cover whatsoever. Carol, however, didn’t even seem to notice, as she was already standing over the toilet, entirely focused on getting her trousers down as fast as humanly possible, practically jumping from one foot to the other as she fought to undo the button.

I didn’t want to leave her totally exposed, so on a spur of the moment decision, I quickly reached inside for the door to close it. Only, when I pulled on it, it wouldn’t budge! I glanced down and realized the door had gotten stuck on part of the uneven ground below, preventing me from moving it whatsoever.

It was at that moment that Carol finally got her pants undone. Before I could even blink, she tore her trousers and underwear down in one fell swoop, exposing her most private areas right in front of my eyes before finally squatting over the toilet.

For the second time in succession, the lavatory was filled with the roar of a very hard stream colliding forcefully against a metal surface. I know I should’ve looked away, but for a moment my eyes were transfixed by the image of Carol’s bare behind hanging over the hole as a thick, gushing stream erupted from within at unbelievable pressure. There was no doubt about it, she had been just as desperate as I had, if not even more so!

Forcing myself to tear my eyes away, I quickly turned around and stood guard at the door, figuring at least some cover would be better than none. I could hardly believe how loud it was; I’m sure half the camp must’ve heard her peeing! Despite the noise, I could still make out a series of very relieved “ohhh”s and “ahhh”s coming from behind me; I couldn’t help but smile because I knew exactly how good she felt at that moment.

Just like me, she too went on and on for a ridiculously long time — I guess we’d both been blessed with a pair of enormous bladders! And good thing too, because how else would we have managed to last for so long? But I stood there and waited patiently as she finished up and redressed herself, turning around only once I heard her footsteps moving towards me.

She looked terribly embarrassed when she realized the door had been open this whole time but thanked me most graciously for staying there and providing cover for her. As we headed back, she confessed to me that she’d actually been bursting to go ever since arriving at my camp five hours previously but had been too shy to ask anyone where the lavatories were. I was shocked when I’d heard this — I was nearly crying in pain towards the end of the journey, I couldn’t even imagine how this poor woman must’ve felt having had to wait even longer than I had! And while driving, to boot! I marveled at her ability to hold her composure and do her job so effectively even through such hardship.

Funnily enough, Carol became a close friend of mine after that, and even to this day we keep in touch. I suppose that sometimes friendships are formed in the most unusual circumstances. And yes, we do bring up the “pee incident” and laugh about it from time to time.

Well, there you have it, the strangest and possibly the most humorous incident of my time in the ATS. Hope you got a good laugh out of it at my expense (and Carol’s too, of course). Moral of the story? Always have a pee before heading out on a five-hour trip; you’ll regret it if you don’t!

*005*2024-03-17 22:20

{{On 3/4/2024 at 10:46 PM, WiiGuy86 said:

Fantastic as always Kayn! Always excited to see a post from you!

}}

Thanks WiiGuy! Your appreciation is always great to see, and it means a lot coming from a talented writer like you!

{{On 3/5/2024 at 7:07 AM, desplover69 said:

Absolutely outstanding as ever Kayn, your stories never disappoint! I know I'm being greedy, but I'd love to read another from Carol's perspective. That wait at the end must have been TORTURE!

}}

Oh yeah for sure, poor Carol! Certainly an interesting idea to write it from her perspective, though I can't make any promises that I'll do it. Maybe if inspiration strikes in the future, we shall see...

{{1 hour ago, Gregory10031 said:

GREAT STORY!

}}

Thanks haha.

{{1 hour ago, bustin2pee said:

Oh Wow! Just Wow and Wow again! You have hit the exact spot with me, absolutely fabulous story and all of the ingredients I love, prolonged female desperation, women in uniform and in a historical context. It doesn't get any better for me!

Don't know if you've seen this little comic of mine:

%https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/84073-dofd-1940sjpg/

At some point in the future I would very much like to make one of my illustrated comics based on your story, would you allow me to do that?

}}

Glad you liked it! Nice to hear it was right up your alley; I totally agree, uniformed women in desperate situations is just so incredibly hot!

And yes, I did see your Military Leaks comic, I absolutely loved it! In fact, it was actually one of the things that inspired me to write this story. I've been following your art for a long time (particularly the Decades of Desperation series) and I'm a huge fan, they're incredibly well done. You are without a doubt one of the best omo artists out there, that's for sure!

As for your question, my answer is a resounding yes! I'd be honored if you decide to illustrate this story, and I would never say no to seeing more of your art!

*008*2024-03-19 02:19

{{On 3/17/2024 at 7:26 PM, bustin2pee said:

Thank you for your appreciation of my work! I'm definitely going to put your ATS story on the 'to do' list. I'm also inspired by some of your other previous writings too.

}}

By all means, feel free to use any of my other stories if you wish, I certainly don't mind whatsoever. Excited to see your future works!

