The Best Thing About My Flatmate - Page 2

Author: KuriousKat

*028*2019-01-02 22:18

Chapter 9

Days slipped by, lazily, perfectly. Maddie continued to use the nappies, gaining in confidence (and brazenness) with every wet and change. As for myself, I didn’t want to end up with any reliance on them. They were expensive, after all, and Maddie’s need was far greater than mine. But it was an indescribable pleasure, every three or four nights to slip on a nappy underneath my pyjamas and wear it to bed, soaking it once before I went to sleep, wetting it if I woke up in the middle of the night and drenching it in the morning when we both woke up.

We hadn’t spoken about the kiss we shared or the intimacy that had come from nowhere since it happened for almost a week and a half. It was a burning question at the back of my brain but I didn’t dare bring it up, in case of ruining things. Some nights, especially when I slept alone, I’d bring back the memory, slip my hand under my shorts and pleasure myself to the thought of it all happening again.

Maddie was slowly growing in strength. She had been to the doctor and given some basic exercises to do to get some strength back in her legs. I’d help her with those at night, comforting her through the pain and encouraging her. It was one of those exercise sessions that things started to change again.

I was helping her lift her legs up and down when she suddenly gasped and cried out “Shit!” at the top of her lungs. Terrified that I’d hurt her, I set her leg down immediately.

”What? What happened? Are you okay?” I gasped.

Maddie looked up to me with wide eyes. Just over her heaving breath I could hear the unmistabkle noise of her pee slipping into her nappy. It was.a sound that I never got tired of being able to hear. Her face flushed bright red. “I... I weed..!”

I allowed myself to relax. “Oh, jeez, is that all? I was terrified I’d hurt you! Don’t worry, I’ll change you in a minute. You’re probably all soggy, eh?”

“No, no, it’s not that...” Maddie’s face was still flushed. “I just... I didn’t even know I had to go... it just all came out and I didn’t realise I needed to wee.”

In the silence, I heard the last of Maddie’s wee dripping into her nappy.

“That’s... a bit worrying,” I eventually said. “But don’t panic!” I added hastily when I saw her face screw up. “Mads, you’ve been wearing nappies for nearly two weeks. You’ve probably just gotten used to them. That, and you were in pain, right? Your body was probably too busy feeling pain and it didn’t register that you needed to go.”

Maddie looked almost as if she believed me but she was wringing her hands together. “This... isn’t the first time this has happened.”

”oh?”

”Yeah. A couple of other times. I’ve either thought I didn’t need it that much and it came out, or one time I didn’t feel a need at all and it just all came out of me and I didn’t realise.” She looked close to tears. “I...I... I’ve kinda... really enjoyed wearing these nappies. But... but I don’t want to be relying on them my whole life because I h-have to!” Her breath was coming in big heaving sobs now.

I clambered over to her. My knee hit something warm and wet and I looked down to see the sheet with a dinner plate sized wetness on it. Maddie’s nappy had obviously leaked. She noticed it too and started to cry even worse.

“Oh babe,” I whispered, taking her in my arms and holding her while she cried. “Come on, now. Don’t worry. Whatever happens, I’ll get you through this.”

“But I don’t want to be incontinent!” She wailed.

“I know, I know...” I soothed. “Come on. Why don’t we put you in the shower and then we can change this bed and get a fresh nappy on and cuddle up in my bed, eh?”

”But what if I piss your bed too?!”

”Hey, hey, none of that.” I chastised her. It was rare for her to use that word, so I knew she must be properly upset. “Come on. Let’s sort this out first then we’ll worry about all this later.”

I helped her, agonisingly slowly, into the shower, helped her strip naked, put the protective plastic over her casts and sitting down carefully on the plastic seat we’d stuck in the shower cubicle. I set the water on and left her to wash in peace. As she did that, I pulled the sheets from the bed. Wet, certainly, but the mattress remained mostly unscathed and her wee must have been quite clear as there was no smell when I took an experimental sniff. I balled the sheets up, left the duvet and pillows in a heap on the floor and left the mattress exposed to the air with the window left open a crack.

After Maddie shouted that she was done, I helped her out the shower and into a new nappy and a pair of clean warm pyjamas. We then sat in my bed in front of one of her favourite movies and I teased her hair into gentle curls, feeling the tension melt from her body as I worked.

Halfway through the movie, she suddenly tensed and I knew she was weeing. I stroked her along her back, murmuring comfort into her ear. I rested my head on her shoulder, feeling my warm cheeks against her cool neck. My arms wrapped around her and she fell into my arms when she stopped weeing.

“You okay?”

”Y-yeah. I felt... I felt the need for that one.”

”Good,” I murmured into her neck. “See? Nothing to worry about,”

”Maybe,” she didn’t sound entirely convinced but she was certainly more relaxed. She smelled divine, of cocoa butter and baby powder and I wanted more than anything to kiss her. I tested the water, by dropping a soft peck on the most sensitive part of her neck. She twitched and giggled and my heart soared.

“Come on, you. Lie back with me and let’s watch the end of this, okay?”

We lay back. Her hand found mine and we stayed like that for the rest of the film. By the time the credits were rolling, Maddie’s eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily, in the depths of sleep. As I shut the tv off and settled down myself, I heard the unmistakable noise of Maddie peeing into her nappy.

She was asleep though. Completely and utterly asleep. The stream went on for a full 30 seconds and Maddie didn’t even move. Worry stabbed at my heart. Was she bedwetting now? It would break her heart to know about it.

I lay awake for ages, trying to figure it all out.

*033*2021-03-06 17:24

I came across my old plans for this story the other night when I was searching through my laptop. I really should try and update it again soon! Hopefully inspiration will strike again and I can update it further!
