Gretta And Tulip's Holding Contest

Author: KitoKito

*000*2025-04-10 13:24

Hello everyone~! This story was a commission from Kanakuta, in which we meet a new OC from them - Gretta the skunk! She’s going to have a good few stories associated with her, so stick around if you want to see more of this cute skunk lady~ In this one, Tulip and Gretta meet for the first time, and the chemistry is quite clear~

Want more? For just $5 a month, join my Patreon, and get more than 60 exclusive stories, plus early access to all my releases! Check it out:

%https://www.patreon.com/kitokito1?fan_landing=true

This story contains: FxF, omorashi, holding, watersports, wetting, piss drinking~

If you enjoy, please consider commissioning me! Email me if you're interested: [email protected]

Or add me on Discord: KitoKitoKito#7003

Word Count: 6415

###

Gretta the skunk sat in her office at Misteria University, filling out paperwork while listening to a random playlist on her phone. She was a nurse who worked for the university, specifically a med student who’d joined right after graduation, explaining her young age; she was one of the few licensed practitioners in the Student Clinic. She rustled some papers to the side and continued her paperwork - no students to see today, except for some walk-ins.

She sighed and shoved a pile of paper into a folder, filing it away in the bottom drawer of her desk. Due to being a skunk, she never really got any patients, except for those who specifically requested her. Whenever there was a rush of students in need of treatment or an appointment, they’d assign every nurse except for her, only pulling her out in a rare emergency, or when another skunk was being seen. It was extremely annoying. The stigma around skunks was harmful and dumb. Just because she was capable of spraying her stink didn’t mean she was going around and dousing every place she went and every person she saw with a horrible stench. Her farts could be harmful, but she’d learned for years how to hold it in and not release even a molecule of gas until she was in her own home, usually safely sitting on the toilet or a similar place where she could release her pent-up air without the risk of harming anyone. It had been years since she last caused a stink in a public place.

Nonetheless, nobody cared - she was still a skunk, and people weren’t interested in being involved with her. So, she sat in her office all day, doing paperwork and whatever other monotonous jobs were made available to her. She didn’t mind too much - the pay was still very nice, and she was getting it for relatively little work, but it was a bit frustrating.

However, today was a bit different.

She heard a knock at her door; she quickly stood up, turning on the bright white light of the office. Usually, her only source of light was from lamps, a tall one in the corner of the room and a shorter one on her desk - they made for a more warm atmosphere than the fluorescents, and they lit up the place just fine. That didn’t mean anyone else had to witness those conditions.

She flung the door open and put on a friendly, fake smile. “What is it?” Her appearance was neat, despite her lack of interaction at the clinic. She wore a pastel purple top and a black skirt with a pink edge, quite short but still covering the important things; her white panties were entirely hidden from view. Her paws were slipped inside long black boots, no socks needed, and her hair hung down past her waist, a cute cotton candy pink. Her red eyes matched the red jewels on her black choker. Her tail was certainly the stand-out feature of her outfit - it was extremely fluffy and large, being as long as her hair, and way wider than her slim body. She loved to cuddle it; it made for a perfect natural blanket.

The one waiting on the other side of the doors was another nurse, a deer with leaves and vines wrapped around her antlers. She claimed they were just decorations, and everyone seemed to believe her, though Gretta always thought they seemed too realistic, and she’d noticed how they seemed to grow and change almost every day, not to mention that they sprouted from the deer’s head of brown hair. This deer, going by the name of Raiza, was one of the few nurses who would actually talk to the skunk, and probably the only one who didn’t hold any bias against her. “Hi Gretta!” She clutched a bunch of papers in her hooves nervously, straightening her black-rim, boxy glasses. She was a bit shy; it showed in the light pink blush under her eyes. “Um, a patient specifically requested to see you - I sent them to room six.”

“Oh, really?” She tilted her head; not a common occurrence at all. “Is it another skunk?” She rarely got any patients who weren’t of her same species.

“No, it’s a Lopunny, a bunny girl. She didn’t say why she requested you, she just said her reasoning was a secret. Should I have someone else see her?”

“No, no, that’s ok.” Gretta grabbed her white lab coat and threw it on over her outfit, not bothering to button it up. She picked up a clipboard and grabbed a yellow folder from the corner of her desk. “Not sure what’s going on, but I’ll take care of it; might just be another student with a fetish.”

“Oh, I certainly hope not. I can’t imagine that’s any fun for you.” Raiza’s tone was apologetic; she’d seen tons of students come to the clinic and specifically request Gretta due to hearing rumors about her gas being extremely toxic. Misteria paid well, but the student body was quite kinky - just something she had to deal with as a faculty member. It was always a tad annoying, and those students were always kicked out (and quite heavily fined), but at the same time, it was a little flattering - admittedly, Gretta liked the idea that what she considered her worst quality could be so appealing to someone. Though, if she ever actually indulged in it, she was almost certainly going to kill someone.

“Don’t worry about me.” She smiled at the deer and walked out, closing her office door behind her. “If that’s the case, I’ll just kick them out; no big deal.”

“Alright, well, good luck!” Raiza handed her a form and walked off, leaving Gretta to head over to Room 6. She reviewed the form; the student’s name was Tulip, and she was a female. Her reason for visiting was marked as, “Only for doctor’s ears;” all other information seemed normal and healthy, including weight and height. This all seemed like a perfect setup for another kinky student. As she walked, she noticed a sudden need to use the bathroom - her bladder throbbed, full of urine. She ignored it and strove onwards - she couldn’t stop to release her waste now.

She entered the room and closed it behind her. “Are you Tulip?” She asked in a mildly annoyed tone, already anticipating the result.

“Hi! Yes, I am!” The bunny responded. She sat in one of the chairs beside the examination bed, wearing a similar black short skirt and a white Misteria sweatshirt; her long, vanilla ears hung down to the floor, her footless feet resting on the cold tile. She stood, giving Gretta a better view of her chest, which was far too big for that sweatshirt. “I was wondering if you could just do a general check-up on me - I’ve needed one for a while.”

“Hmm…” She examined the file. “Why wouldn’t you tell that to the receptionist? I’m happy to give you one, of course, but it’s odd that you marked it as a secret on here.”

“Oh, I was just a little nervous - I figured they’d put me with someone else if I just said I wanted you for a check-up!” She blushed a bit and looked down. “I’ve never seen you around here before, so I wanted to give you a try. There are a lot of rumors about you, but I ignored all of them; I doubt any of them are really true!”

Gretta smiled; it was a small gesture, but still, she could appreciate those kind words. “Well, thank you. Hop up here - I’ll start by checking your ears. Though, you’re going to have to tell me where exactly the hole is - there’s quite a lot of fluff to dig through.”

The skunk examined Tulip fully, checking her ears, her breathing, her posture, her reflexes, so on and so forth. However, as their physical closeness increased with each test, and the doctor so often noticed their bodies intermingling, the two of them both began to blush, harder and harder, each one getting a little flustered. It was deeply unprofessional for Gretta, but she hadn’t had much practice in this side of her job, and clearly, this student was giving off some flirtatious signals. They were only a few years apart, despite the bunny being a student… her tail swayed lightly, unbeknownst to her, signaling her enjoyment of the check-up to the bunny girl.

“Alright, looks like you’re all good for the most part.” She filled out a file on the yellow folder as she spoke; she couldn’t let her attraction get in the way of work - it was best to just send the bunny off. “Any questions for me?”

“Just one, doctor.” The bunny sat on the examination table, smiling, her legs hanging over the side. She spread her legs, then grabbed the front of her skirt and gently lifted it, revealing a pair of frilly pink panties beneath it, along with a small wet spot in the front; the message was quite obvious. “I was wondering if you might be interested in giving me a more… personal, special examination~” She blushed hot-pink as she spoke, looking right at the doctor’s face. She spoke with confidence, however, a hint of shyness still remained in her tone, just in case. Gretta’s attraction to her was quite obvious, from what she could tell, and her own attraction to that adorable skunk was enormous; she would’ve loved nothing more than to get more intimate with her. Still, she didn’t want to come on too strong.

The skunk’s face heated up significantly, her eyes drawn towards the cute little skirt raise and the wonderful panties that framed the bunny girl’s large, fuzzy thighs. She immediately felt her own panties getting their own wet spot. “Hmm…” She placed the clipboard on a table, and looked around the room. No security cameras; something about patient privacy, she imagined. She wasn’t usually the type to engage in this sort of thing; she’d never initiate it herself. But if the offer was being made… “Why don’t you come to my office? The location is a little more fitting~” She smiled and grabbed the edge of her skirt. “I don’t do many special examinations… but it seems to me like you’re quite in need of a good one~”

Tulip’s smile widened. “Lead the way, doctor~”

###

“Oh! Oh~!” The skunk moaned in pleasure as the bunny rammed their slits together, their juices intermingling, their fur fuzzy and hot as they held each other close. The skunk was sitting on her chair, entirely naked, the bunny sitting on top of her and facing her, taking the dominant position. They both moaned loudly, each of their movements gaining intensity, the exhaled sounds of pleasure only briefly muffled by the frequent french kiss. It had been so long since Gretta did something like this, and Tulip was amazing; the Lopunny was clearly experienced. “Ah, ah, oh!” She moaned into the bunny’s mouth as their tongues hugged, squirting femcum all over the bunny’s crotch, and Tulip released her load at the same time, each covering the other in their fluids.

The bunny wrapped her arms around the skunk and hugged her close as they both huffed, regaining their breath; they’d been going for at least five minutes, and there hadn’t been so much as a brief slowdown that entire time. It was wonderful. They both felt hot and horny, their bodies heated and shivering.

Gretta held he bunny by the chin and pulled her head out, looking her in the eyes. They both had red pupils, filled with love and lust; they shared a gaze that seemed to wordlessly communicate their shared desire for another round. The skunk spoke. “Again?” She said, still huffing for air.

“Hmm…” Tulip responded; her mouth formed into a smirk. The skunk was hot, and she did certainly want another round, but vanilla sex was rarely ever really her style; she prefer something a little more… unique. “I suppose I would be up for a bit more fun… but only if we mix things up a bit~” She held the skunk by the back of her head, tracing Gretta’s fur down to her slit, which the bunny gently stuck a fuzzy finger inside of, slightly rubbing the clit. “My bladder is hurting quite badly, but I don’t very much want to go use the bathroom~” She licked her lips. “But you look like you’d make for quite a good urinal~”

The doctor’s eyes widened. It was her first time hearing someone say such a thing to her. She looked to the bunny’s crotch, to her slick pussy, and imagined a golden stream of yellow flowing from it, warm and wet… it would be so gross to have to gulp that down, but at the same time… her horniness had far from faded. Nonetheless, she wasn’t going to do it so easily. “I’m afraid that sort of kinkiness isn’t usually on my palette.”

“Oh, come on~” Tulip gave her a little peck on the lips; her defensiveness was drained away by her soft lips. “How about we have a little competition? I noticed you squirming ever so slightly as we came back - I bet you have to go too, right~?” The bunny jumped off her legs and retrieved her own clothes from off the floor, sliding her pink panties and her skirt back into place, but not bothering with her top - her breasts would hang freely for now. “Let’s do a holding competition. Whoever has to go to the bathroom first loses~ If you win, we’ll have another round just like that last time, and I’ll even come back for more whenever you wish~ But if I win, we’re going to see how good you are at swallowing urine~”

Gretta blushed and thought for a moment, looking down. She did really want to go for another round; she rarely found someone like this, someone so cute and hot who didn’t judge her for being a skunk, and who was so good in bed. She was used to sitting in the office for hours on end and holding her bladder; she could certainly win a challenge like this with ease. “Ok, you’re on~ But let’s both drink a bottle of water first, so that we’re even, ok~?” She grabbed her own water bottle, a large one that could fit a liter. “I’ll fill this up outside, drink the whole thing, and bring you a plastic water bottle.”

“Hold on~” Tulip’s tongue traced her mouth yet again. “Why don’t you just fill your water bottle all the way, and we can each take half~? I want to taste your lips in every gulp~”

Gretta felt her heart beat hard and loud; she was practically melting from the Lopunny’s horny, charming words. “That’s fine with me~ I’ll be right back~” She threw her clothes on and shuffled down the hallway, to the water fountain. Once the door closed, the bunny very quickly pulled her panties down, and stood in front of a large plant in the corner of the office, a mischievous smile on her face. She held her pussy open and let a bit of her piss trickle into the dirt, being absorbed in no time, only releasing about a cup; just enough to give her a big edge, without being noticeable. She wasn’t one to lose in these sorts of scenarios, even if she had to be strategic about it. She quickly pulled her panties back up as the door opened; the skunk didn’t notice the scent even slightly.

She held up her clear water bottle. “All good~ Shall I have the first drink~?”

“Go ahead~” Tulip beckoned. Gretta nodded, and chugged down half of the water, not stopping to breathe even once; her excitement for what would come once she won was overflowing.

She handed the bottle to the bunny. “Your turn~”

Tulip took the bottle, wrapping her mouth around the same part the skunk had drunk from; the lip of the bottle felt warm. She could taste a hint of cherry lipstick. She swallowed the remaining water down with no issue, setting the empty bottle on the desk. “Alrighty then~ Time to begin~”

Gretta scratched her head. “Um, sure, but what do you do during a hold, exactly?” She smiled shyly. “I’ve never done something like this before.”

“Simple~” Tulip sat down in her comfy desk chair and held out her arms. “Come sit on my lap, and we’ll both just cuddle, until one of us says they’ve lost and they need to go~”

“Sounds simple enough~” Gretta happily sat on Tulip’s lap, feeling her thighs against her ass, so plushy and soft! The bunny wrapped her hands around the skunk’s chest, hugging her tight, and the skunk held her hands, leaning back and relaxing, feeling the bunny breasts smush against her weight. “I don’t plan to lose easily, mind you - I’m quite used to controlling what comes out of my body~”

“Hmm, how so~?” Tulip inquired, rubbing her paws against the skunk’s own sizable, impressive rack.

Gretta’s eyebrows rose; she suddenly regretted saying anything. “Oh, well, you know…” She hesitated to reveal her struggles to the bunny; it was quite embarrassing, and more than a little gross. Then again, Tulip did share her desire to literally pee in Gretta’s mouth, so she supposed this was nothing compared to that in terms of grossness. “Well, as a skunk… my, um, gas has a tendency to be more than just a bit gross.” She scratched the back of her head, biting her lip in embarrassment. “It can actually be pretty harmful to anyone who isn’t me. I learned to hold it back though! I never let any out in public, only in safe places where I know it won’t hurt anyone!” She smiled nervously, hoping the Lopunny wouldn’t be grossed out or disgusted with her.

The bunny hugged her closer, nuzzling her head into the fluffy tail. “That sounds really difficult - I’m sorry you have to deal with such a thing. Is that why there are so many rumors going around?”

“Not really.” She sighed, shaking her head. “I’ve never actually had an incident where someone got seriously hurt from one of my farts. I think I once let a little bit slip, and it made a coworker feel a bit nauseous, but that was years ago, and it wasn’t like I knocked them out or something. Those rumors just come from the simple fact that I am a skunk.”

“That’s even worse. I can’t imagine what it’s like to have to deal with that. But now, at least, you have me as an ally - I’ll always be happy to get my check-ups from you~”

The skunk chuckled. “Thank you, Tulip.”

“Of course~” The bunny moved her paws down, feeling the skunk’s skirt and gently rubbing her crotch through the clothing; Gretta flinched in slight surprise at the sudden pressure on her sensitive area. She realized at this point that her bladder was getting much worse. She felt an immense desire to get up and use the restroom, or to just let it out in some way, but she had no plans of losing. The need was certainly increasing, though; she felt pain in her bladder, steadily increasing in intensity, as her body begged her to make her way to the bathroom. She pushed her thighs together and ran her paw along her thigh, trying to quell the urgent emergency of her body.

Tulip, in contrast, barely needed to go.

The bunny silently snickered as she watched the skunk press her legs together, like she was building a dam, her lower body gently shivering in a very familiar way, the way someone’s body moves when they’re very desperately holding their bladder back. She had this competition in the bag, no chance she could lose at this point.

“I’m really starting to feel it now,” Gretta said, moving her paws to her crotch and rubbing it, massaging it, as though she was trying to bribe it into calming down so she wouldn’t lose this competition. She curled her toes, up and down, just wanting to move some part of her body to shift her focus away from how bad she had to go, though she soon felt the need to specifically concentrate on holding her dam together. “How are you doing, bunny?”

“I’m not doing very bad at all~” Tulip chuckled, grabbing the skunk’s skirt and pulling it back to reveal her white panties, then rubbing the skunk through her underwear, making her legs squirm from more than just a full bladder. “Looks to me like you’re struggling quite a bit though~ Why don’t you just go off and use the restroom? There’s no shame in losing a friendly little competition~”

“Haha, I’m not giving up that e-easily!” Her voice cracked as she spoke, the skunk’s attempt at a confident facade crumbling into pieces as she felt the slightest bit of dampness in her panties. Her face went hot-red as she held her bladder closed once again. She’d let just the smallest of leaks out without realizing it; it was clear that she had to keep her attention squarely focused on her own desperation if she didn’t want to be the receptacle for Tulip’s bladder.

“What’s that~? Did you let out a little leak~?” She chuckled, rubbing the damp spot; it was warm and wet, as was to be expected. “Why don’t you just let it out~? I’m nowhere near the point you’re at now - you might as well just give up~”

“Mmm…” The skunk rubbed her thighs harder, pressing her paw deep into her own fur, trying so hard to hold on, not wanting to let even another drop out of her body. “N-no w-way!” She said, quietly, still trying to appear confident, even as she was moments from bursting. Her bladder was really hurting now; it felt like she was physically being weighed down. Her whole body shook with the effort to control itself.

“Aren’t you just so confident~” Tulip teased her, licking her lips; victory was in her grasp. “Your shaking is adorable~ It doesn’t matter how hard you try - there’s no chance you’re going to win at this point~” She gently pushed her paw inside the skunk’s panties and dug her finger into her slit, rubbing her clit.

“A-ah!” The skunk moaned; she felt herself losing control of her body as she let out a small squirt from Tulip’s touch. She was already so susceptible to and horny for the bunny’s charms, that even that little touch sent her over the edge… and with that squirt came quite a lot more than just a little femcum.

She covered her face with her paws in pure humiliation as her bladder completely gave way. She held her thighs together and continued to hold it back with all her might, but it was useless - her body was no longer listening. The gentle patter of the urine hitting her panties and Tulip’s paw, still inside those very panties, filled the room, so cute and quiet, soon replaced by louder sounds of urination. The bunny retracted her piss-soaked paw, chuckling to herself, not bothered by the warmth; after all, the skunk was sitting on her lap - she was about to get quite a lot more wet.

Gretta’s panties were flooded full of urine, the white color slowly turning to a light-yellow, spreading out from one wet spot until it covered almost every inch, discoloring the pristine undergarments. Once it was too full to hold anymore, the urine soaked through, dripping out of the bottom, and going right onto her skirt, soaking a nice big, dark hole into it as well. At least the black color would slightly obscure the wet spot, but it wouldn’t be enough. Her thighs were similarly dampened, unsurprisingly, her fluffy fur soaking up tons of liquid easily.

Piss trickled and dripped down into Tulip’s waist, seeping into the bunny’s own skirt soon enough. She didn’t mind, though; to her, it was like a warm, intimate, golden shower. She felt her legs soak up the urine, getting nice and dampened by all that piss, and even her own pink panties were properly dampened, making it look as though she’d also peed herself, despite her bladder staying perfectly intact.

The stream soon reached the chair, pooling on the leather, making a big puddle that soaked into the bunny’s ass, possibly getting her even dirtier than Gretta. Once the pool of piss got large enough, it spilled over, onto the floor, hitting the tile and splashing all over, a great waterfall of urine splashing drops of golden-yellow all over, forming a new, more shallow, but much larger puddle. And that is how it continued, as the skunk just kept draining herself, more and more, the urine running down her thighs and calves, trickling on her fur and leaving streaks of yellow, even getting into her boots and slightly filling them with liquid gold. Tulip’s own paws were soon sitting in that ever-growing puddle, getting nice and damp too. The liquid was still quite warm, even steaming a little; she felt like she was sitting in a shallow hot tub, just relaxing, bathing in the symbol of her victory.

After at least a whole minute of bladder emptying, the skunk finally stopped, having fully released any remnants of all the water she’d drunk that day. She felt intensely embarassed, humiliated, wishing that she could just disappear right there. Not only had she lost so completely, but losing was supposed to involve her going to the bathroom and releasing her bladder in the toilet, like a normal person. Instead, she just couldn’t believe she would lose, and just sat on Tulip’s lap, not even considering what would happen if she were to burst. And now, the bunny girl she had gotten so insanely attracted to and had fallen so deeply in love with was soaked in her piss. It couldn’t have been worse.

“Wow~” Tulip laughed, hugging the skunk nice and tight, not letting her go. Her shame, her humiliation, was adorable to the bunny girl. “Looks like your bladder isn’t quite as strong as you thought~ Poor, poor skunk, getting yourself all soaked, and me too~ Looks like you’re going to be getting a first-hand experience of what it’s like to be a urinal~”

“Mmmm,” the skunk responded, just a low murmur of horny, embarassed noises. Her mind was racing at the moment, her thoughts refusing to organize themselves enough.

“You don’t need to be so embarrassed, darling~” Tulip petted the skunk on the head. “I wouldn’t have invited you to sit on my lap if I wasn’t ready to get a little wet~ Besides, I don’t mind a little urine on my thighs, especially considering there’s about to be quite a lot more inside your mouth~”

“A-are you really sure?” Gretta lowered her hands, revealing her entire face being covered in red. She still felt so embarrassed, but Tulip’s words were dripping with sadistic sweetness, a combination that made her feel both relieved… and weirdly horny. “I-I really wouldn’t blame you if you didn’t want to c-continue after that… I feel so embarrassed!”

“I’m sure, dear~ Now, come on - get up, and kneel down~ Unless you have an undiscovered talent for being a urinal, I have a feeling you’re going to be getting far more drenched than I am in the next few minutes~”

Gretta nodded and stood, the bunny releasing her grasp as the skunk got on her knees in front of her. She struggled to look Tulip in the eyes as she rose from the office chair, pushing it behind her and dropping her own soaked skirt and panties, kicking them aside. As she kneeled face-to-face with the bunny’s crotch, her eyes gazing down at her with a stare full of mischievous, dominant, sadistic, lustful, loving energy, her slit being held open by her cute fingers, the acrid smell of urine soaked into the air all around them, her knees soaking further in the puddle on the ground… something about her position was making her feel so intensely lustful for the Lopunny. 

It felt natural for her to kneel before her, to serve her like this, to be below her, to be treated like she was no better than a toilet. She’d never been into such things in the past, but thinking of how Tulip must’ve been thinking of her, of how the Lopunny’s words and actions degraded her so much… it all awakened a very deep desire to submit to a cute, dominant force. She wanted to follow the bunny’s commands, no matter what they were; if she needed to be her urinal… then so be it.

She opened her mouth obediently, waiting to be properly used for her purpose.

“I’m surprised you’re suddenly so willing, darling~” Tulip relaxed her lower body and let her bladder go, slowly pushing the urine that filled her so much to release. “Drink as much as you can, ok~?”

The skunk nodded, opening her mouth wider, preparing herself, wondering how it would taste, how it would feel to swallow… and then, she found out.

A trickle of golden, dark-yellow piss exited from Tulip’s pussy, a light, gentle river of ambrosia entering the skunk’s mouth with surprising accuracy. They listened to the sound of it hitting Gretta’s tongue, the quiet, wet noises, soon followed by the louder sound of liquid hitting liquid as the skunk’s mouth was filled. She tilted her head back to keep it all in. It was a tad bitter, but at the same time, it was warm and steamy… and there was something else to the taste she just couldn’t place, like the taste of a meal lovingly made by a significant other, filled with passion and affection. She swung her tongue back and gulped down the first mouthful. It was difficult to swallow, her body seeming to physically reject the sensation, the act of drinking what was pure waste, but she ignored it - her current purpose was to be a urinal, and it was a purpose she planned to fulfill. The acrid, blunt smell filled the air even further, but it didn’t affect the taste for her.

“Seems like you’re quite enjoying yourself, darling~” Tulip chuckled as Gretta gulped another load, the skunk’s body shivering in a mix of disgust and delight, her big, fluffy tail wagging back and forth. “How about I give my thirsty little toilet a bit more to drink~?” She pushed a little harder, and her urine spurted at a slightly faster rate. Gretta swallowed more, trying to down every drop that she could, not wanting to disappoint, but it soon proved to be too much. 

Her mouth soon overflowed, thin trickles of liquid gold pouring over her lips and cascading down her body, yellowing her white fur and dampening the black. It felt hot on the way down - she realized the meaning behind the phrase “golden shower,” and she now understood why it was so pleasant. If she wasn’t so focused on serving Tulip and being an efficient urinal, she may have purposefully slowed just to feel that warm waste on her body. It trickled onto her chest and wetted her breasts, her top soaked in no time, but she didn’t mind, it was wonderful. It even managed to trickle down to her panties and soak them as well, adding to the already-wet garments a more fresh warmth.

She felt the heat filling up inside of her with each gulp, feeling almost bloated; it seemed the bunny’s piss was almost infinite. Her swallowing slowed, her gut almost visibly bulging, her stomach packed with yellow. “Looks like you’re struggling a tad, toilet~ Tilt your head forward, and I’ll give you a little break~”

“Mmm…” Gretta did as the bunny asked, tilting her head forward. The bunny’s stream trickled on top of her hair, darkening the light-pink, soaking her just like a showerhead. It trickled down her head, leaving wet streaks in her fur, and crawling down her cheeks, a current that felt warm and almost comforting. It flowed past her neck and down her body, soaking into her outfit and wetting it as well, leaving yellow streaks in the white part of her fur.

“Ahh, it feels so good to let this all out~” She adjusted her aim, her stream hitting the skunk’s chest, pattering off her breasts and soaking the luscious curves. Gretta’s blush increased as she felt the warmth on a sensitive area. “You know what this reminds me of~?”

Gretta looked back up at her, barely able to meet her dominant eyes, feeling as though she was staring into the sun. “W-what, Tulip?”

“A predator marking their territory~” Tulip chuckled, pointing her stream back at the skunk’s mouth; Gretta tensed in surprise, but quickly began to swallow once again. “Now that you’re all covered in my scent, I don’t think I can very well just let our fun little relationship end here, now, can I? It would be such a shame not to put a wonderful toilet like yourself to use~”

“Mmm!” Gretta responded, thinking with the horny part of her brain; pleasure flooded her skull, all logic and reasoning abandoning ship. Her tail wagged as she chugged. Being Tulip’s toilet sounded like a dream to her in that moment, even though this whole idea was still so new to her - she was just incredibly into it, though she had no idea why.

“I’ll take that as your agreement~” Tulip’s trickle soon weakened, running dry; she stepped forward and put a hand on Gretta’s head, her paw touching the wet fur, and she pulled the skunk close to her pussy. “Lick me clean, toilet~”

“Of course, T-tulip!” The skunk gripped the bunny girl’s thighs and licked her slit clean, even digging her tongue in to guarantee she was doing a good job. Tulip shuddered in pleasure with that sensation; she’d found quite a fun new toy.

The bunny grabbed her with both paws and held her closer, shoving her snout into the bunny’s slit. “Lick just a little deeper for me, honey~ There we go, that’s a good girl~ Mmm~” Tulip huffed and moaned, her pleasure increasing. She felt her legs growing shaky, her pussy getting hot and needy; she pulled Gretta in even deeper, completely on instinct, to fulfill the need that arose within her, a deep desire to release the seed of her pleasure. But she wasn’t content to just let herself experience the fruits of today’s horny play - she took a foot and pulled the urine-soaked clothing off the doctor’s lower half, kicking her panties away, and she gently rubbed her pussy, sticking a toe inside and massaging the skunk’s clit with a combination of care and love.

The wet squelch of the skunk’s soaked fur rang out with each little movement, the warm pee dripping inside of her pussy, making the sensation even better, the toilet being used in all of its holes. She licked deeper, faster, more pleasurably; soon enough, she only thought about how much she loved Tulip, giving no conscious thought to her current actions, her body taking over. Her moans are muffled by the bunny’s pussy, Tulip moaning loud enough for the both of them, each of their bodies shaking in unison, until finally…

“Ah!” Tulip threw her head back and came, her cum squirting out of her pussy in waves, big loads of milky white filling up Gretta’s mouth in a way that reminded the skunk of the bunny’s urine. Tulip panted, trying to catch her breath, her shaking stopped, her grip loosened, legs sore, and the skunk just swallowed every little bit of the bunny’s ejaculation, all the sticky, slimy liquid going down her throat. She was just like a little toilet, always ready to flush no matter what liquid Tulip needed to use her for. At the same time, she released her own load, a big squirt of white shooting from her pussy like a water gun and streaking across the bunny’s foot, standing out against her chocolate milk fur. She pulled her head away, the Lopunny’s paws remaining on her head, but no longer grabbing her hair - now, they just sat there, holding her, warm and soft, a bit of connection as the two of them recovered.

Tulip eventually recovered, sitting back in the chair where the skunk had had her accident, not caring about the yellow puddle that remained on the leather. “Well, well~ I’m impressed, Gretta - I had no idea you’d make for such a good toilet~”

“T-thank you, Tulip,” the skunk replied with a smile and a lustful but also pleased blush. “I enjoyed it a lot more than I thought I would… honestly, I, um, wouldn’t mind doing it again sometime, if you want to.”

“Really~?” The bunny chuckled. “Then, I’ll make sure to come by for frequent check-ups, doctor~ I think this is going to be a very fun relationship~”

Gretta nodded, already excited for their next encounter. She collected herself, standing up and brushing off some of the urine, to little effect. “To think I’d be finding myself acting as a patient’s toilet… this is definitely not how I thought this day was going to go. But I couldn’t be happier about it~”

“Aww~” Tulip stood up and gave the skunk a peck on the lips. “Me too, darling~ I’ll make sure to use you again very, very soon~”

And so, Gretta’s job at the clinic became much more interesting and exciting… though, there would be much more to see of that skunk, soon enough.

###

Enjoyed the story? Want more? Check me out on Patreon and get at least one new story a week, plus access to a ton of exclusive stories! All for only $5!

%https://www.patreon.com/kitokito1?fan_landing=true

