Devin's bladder torture

Author: Karly_cr

*000*2023-10-02 21:12

Devin arrived at the bladder torture clinic and met with the doctor. The doctor ordered Devin to strip down to her bra and panties, she did. The doctor then ordered Devin to lay flat on her back on the table and spread her legs into the splits, Devin did as she was told, the doctor then applied leather restraints around her ankles, lower thighs, upper thighs, wrists, arms, upper belly and one across her chest and in between her breasts. "Alright Devin, try to break free with all of your strength" the doctor said. Devin's thick thighs flexed as she tried to break free but the restraints held her firmly in place. The restraints across Devin's upper belly was loose so the doctor tighten it. "Perfect, now I am going to insert a catheter to fill up your bladder with water and i will use ultrasound to measure your bladder size and capacity" The doctor said happily. Devin nodded, the doctor inserted the catheter and applied too much ultrasound jell to her bladder area, the doctor pressed the probe into Devin's bladder area, "Starting to pump" the doctor said as she began to fill Devin's bladder.

"100 milliliters, 200 milliliters, 300 milliliters" the doctor counted. Devin began to feel a slight urge to pee at the 300 milliliter mark. " 400 milliliters, 500 milliliters, 600 milliliters" Devin's urge grew to a moderate urge at the 600 milliliters mark. "700, 800, 900 milliliters" Devin now had a really strong urge to pee, her bladder bulging and very firm. "Let's see if you can hold it on your own" the doctor said as she removed the catheter, taking Devin by surprise, causing Devin to leak for several seconds before trying to regain control. Devin fought hard to regain control, but leaks kept bursting out, the wet spot on her panties growing steadily, eventually Devin gave up and let it flow. "Good job Devin, I will see you next week for further testing" The doctor then wiped the jell off and removed the restraints, Devin got up and put on her clothes over her wet panties. "Before you leave, you will need to measure how much water you drink, how much you pee and what time you pee until next week" the doctor said, handing Devin a pee chart. Devin nodded and walked out of the clinic and to her car, feeling her soaked panties.

