Submissive Korekiyo piss

Author: KiraFan

*000*2022-06-05 07:49

(Self-indulgent self insert warning)

"Shhhhhhh...Now, darling." I whisper, "I want you to be my submissive little pet for the day," I caress his face, "Purr for me like a good kitty, now," I instruct, scratching underneath his chin. He chuckles through his gag and proceeds to let out a gurgled groan, "Oh, how cute you sound making noises like that...Purring just for me!" I can't contain my laughter as I massage along his jawline, my heart racing with excitement.

I sit on top of him just below the chest and he grunts, almost struggling to breathe under my weight, "tell me..." I begin tying his wrists to the bed posts, "How much tea did you drink earlier? If I remember correctly...You served yourself two cups..." I tighten the rope until he moans, "After that...I gave you five more..." I tighten the other rope, "Seven cups? Wow...your pretty little body can hold a lot~" I slide my body down to put my weight over his visibly overextended bladder and he nearly sobs, a tear trickling down his face, "Oh, poor baby~ You really need to go, huh?"

I can feel him squirming beneath me and tugging against the ropes with lust in his eyes. He's enjoying this as much as I am. I lick the tear from his face and start bouncing myself over his bladder rhythmically. He tries to hold back his whimpers, but gives in when I increase the pressure, whining and squeaking with need and pleasure equally, "Can you hold it, darling?" he stares deeply into my eyes. By the look he's giving me, I can tell he can barely hold it. I grin and lift myself off of him and he pants heavily, writhing in needy bliss, "Hey...it's alright...you can let it out now. I know you need to...We wouldn't want it to start hurting." I kiss his neck, "Darling kitten~ Will you purr for me again when you relieve yourself?"

I begin rubbing his bladder in gentle circles, causing him to leak in his pants. I watch the urine dribble down and form a small puddle below him. He purrs and moans before fully letting go. A strong rush of fluid bursts from the fabric of his pants. He gasps and lets out a particularly erotic moan as the relief takes over his body. It seems that at that same moment, he'd reached orgasm, as the urine was mixed with thick white in the rapidly growing puddle. I push into his bladder to make sure he fully empties it before giving him a moment to calm his rapid breathing, "So cute...you're shaking...Feel better?" He looks at me, sighs, and snuggles up to me before closing his eyes. I hold him and stroke his hair until he's fast asleep. I'll get him washed up when he wakes.

