FWMC Prank Gone Wrong

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2025-01-05 14:13

Author's Note: On their New Year's stream, FuwaMoco told the story of their first meeting with Justice, and how they had to hide in a bathroom stall with their manager watching out for them in order to surprise the new members. Obviously, that got my brain working.

###

Fuwawa and Mococo Abyssguard sat together at a cafe, finishing up their drinks. Fuwawa looked up at the overcast sky and frowned. It looked like it was about to rain at any moment. While both dog girls hated getting wet, Fuwawa’s fluff took much longer to dry than Mococo’s fuzz.

“You know, I’m kind of nervous.” Mococo said softly.

“Why?” Fuwawa asked.

“Well, we’re going to meet our new kohai today, right? We need to make a good impression.”

“Why are you nervous about that? We’re the senpai, Moco-chan. They should be worried about impressing us.”

“Uhn.” Mococo grunted. “But… what if they don’t like us?”

Fuwawa thoughtfully sipped her drink.

“Aren’t they supposed to be a group of people sent here to take us back to prison?” She asked.

“That’s what Mane-chan said.” Mococo nodded.

“Why would it matter if they don’t like us?”

“Well… they’re still our kohai. We’ll probably need to perform with them.”

Fuwawa cocked her head. “What if this is a trap?”

“Then we’ll just run away! We're already going to use the regular dogs as a distraction. And I’m sure Mane-chan will help us. She doesn’t want us to be arrested, either.”

“Ahn.” Fuwawa grunted in agreement.

The twins’ conversation was suddenly interrupted by an alarm from Fuwawa’s phone.

She picked it up. Her heart jumped.

“Moco-chan! We need to leave. Now!” She shouted.

“Hoeh?” Mococo tilted her head in confusion.

“We’re going to be late for the meeting!”

“Hoeh!”

The demon guard dogs quickly guzzled down what was left of their drinks and rushed out the door.

Almost as soon as they got outside, heavy rain began to fall.

“We should have brought an umbrella, Fuwawa!” Mococo shouted over the clatter of the rain. She crossed her arms over her head, trying to keep herself dry with her puffy jacket sleeves.

“Aah. I’m sorry, I didn’t think we needed it!” Fuwawa yelled back.

Fuwawa turned up the tails of her jacket, holding them over her head in the same manner.

“I don’t want to meet our kohai smelling like wet dog!” Mococo whined.

“It’ll be fine, Moco-chan. I’m sure we’ll have some time to dry off when we get there.”

“Uhn.”

The twins ran through the streets of Tokyo, hoping to get out of the rain as quickly as possible.

Thankfully, their rush to get dry made up for the late start back at the cafe. The soggy doggies arrived at a small community center on the edge of town.

Their manager met them at the door.

“Ah, good. Right on time. I was beginning to get worried.” Their manager greeted them.

She took the demon dogs’ wet jackets from them.

Fuwawa shook herself off, trying to get dry. Her tail fluffed up more than usual. Unfortunately, the rain still clung to her clothes.

Mococo glared at her sister after much of the rain water managed to land on her. She followed Fuwawa’s example and shook herself dry.

“Everything’s ready, right?” Fuwawa asked.

Their manager nodded. She gestured toward a meeting room across the hall.

The twins looked in and saw two regular dogs- one fluffy and one fuzzy- sitting inside.

“Perfect!” Fuwawa said, her tail wagging in excitement.

“They’re never going to expect us after this!” Mococo added, her tail matching her sister’s rhythm.

The twins giggled mischievously.

The manager let them revel in their brilliance while she deposited the soaked jackets in a nearby closet.

When she came back, she got the twins’ attention.

“If you want this prank to work, you’ll have to hide somewhere. They’re going to be here soon and you can’t surprise them if they see you.”

“You’re right!” Mococo shouted.

“So where do we hide?” Fuwawa asked.

“Well…” Their manager rubbed the back of her head nervously, “I looked around. I think there’s only one good hiding place. It’s… I’ll just show you.”

She lead the hellhounds around the corner and stopped in front of a bathroom door.

“Whaet?” The twins gasped in unison.

“...Unfortunately, there aren’t many good places to hide. This is the only place with enough privacy.” The manager explained.

She opened the door and the twins looked inside. It was a very small bathroom with only a single stall.

The twins looked at each other.

A devious smile crept across Fuwawa’s face.

“Wow, this is a small room, huh, Moco–Chan?” She asked, her cheeks turning red, “We’d have to smoosh really close together, huh?”

“Hoeh?”

“Well, if it’s the only option…” Fuwawa grabbed Mococo’s arm and tried to pull her inside.

“Noeh!” Mococo shouted, holding onto the door frame to resist her sister’s grasp.

“There has to be somewhere else, right?” The fuzzy dog desperately begged her manager.

The manager shook her head. “Any other day, you could wait around the back of the building, but with the rain today…”

Mococo sighed.

“Fine. I guess we’ll hide in here. Let us know as soon as our kohai show up, ok?” She let go of the door and followed her sister into the bathroom.

Inside the room, the guard dogs noticed something: the door had a small, frosted glass window. It wasn’t possible to clearly see who was in the bathroom, but it was possible to see a silhouette of anyone in there. Being that the twins both had tails and dog ears, even that much would give them away.

For the prank to be successful, FuwaMoco had to be completely out of sight. Unfortunately, the only spot where they could guarantee that was inside the stall. A stall which was very much designed for only one person at a time.

That was how the two demon guard dogs found themselves stuffed together, face-to-face, in a tiny, old, bathroom stall.

Mococo felt very uncomfortable. It wasn’t that it was unpleasant to cuddle up with her fluffy sister, but Fuwawa was so warm, their clothes were still dripping from the rain, and the space was just a little too… intimate.

All of this was made much worse by the fact that Fuwawa wouldn’t stop moving. She kept twitching and fidgeting around.

“Hold still, Fuwawa!” Mococo commanded.

“I can’t.”

“I’m not any more comfortable than you are.”

“Just… give me a second.”

Mococo pushed Fuwawa back a little, trying to create a little more space for herself. Eventually, she managed to squeeze herself into a corner between the wall and the toilet where Fuwawa’s extra… fluff wouldn’t be able to fit.

The dog girl tried not to think about the cold porcelain of the public toilet rubbing against her leg. She tried to forget about the fact that they were in a bathroom altogether.

While the room was decently clean, the demon dog’s heightened senses were able to detect everything. The smell was not pleasant. Nor was the overwhelming rush of the rain, the drip of the leaky faucet, or the extra moisture falling from their clothes to the tile floor.

Fuwawa shifted again, accidentally shoving her arm into Mococo’s stomach.

“Hey! Don’t touch me there!” Mococo shouted. She covered her exposed midriff with both arms. For some reason, so many people were obsessed with touching her tummy.

“Shh!” Fuwawa hushed. “Don’t shout, you’ll give us away.”

“Mmm…” Mococo grumbled.

“Besides, I didn’t mean to do it that time.”

In truth, Mococo wasn’t bothered by her sister touching her tummy- she had long since given up that fight- the problem was that this bump made the fuzzy dog acutely aware of another problem: her filling bladder.

Mococo meant to use the bathroom before leaving the cafe, but she didn’t get a chance when they had to rush out of there. Now, all the drinks she had were pouring on top of the already uncomfortable amount of liquids she was holding before.

She tried to take her mind off her urgent need, but being right next to a toilet was making that difficult. As were her wet clothes sticking to her body.

And the fact that Fuwawa wouldn’t stop fidgeting.

The twins waited in this awkward position for several minutes. They could occasionally hear their manager explaining to someone outside that the bathroom was occupied and they would need to wait.

What was taking Justice so long?

Suddenly Fuwawa broke the silence.

“Moco-chan..?” She whispered.

“Yeah?”

“I need to go.”

“HOEH?!?” Mococo shouted in surprise. She covered her own mouth and looked around.

“Well, you’re going to have to wait, Fuwawa.” Mococo whispered back.

“But, we’re already in a bathroom...”

“Our kohai could show up any minute.” The fuzzy dog reminded, trying to come up with any kind of excuse to stop Fuwawa from pushing the issue.

“I’ll be fast, I promise.”

Mococo looked down. Her sister had both hands pressed between her legs, wrinkling the front of her skirt. She was bouncing up and down, knocking her knees together.

“No.” Mococo shook her head, “You need to hold it.”

“...I can’t hold it anymore, Moco-chan.”

“No.” Mococo huffed and turned her head to the side.

“Please.” Fuwawa begged, “I don’t want to be two kinds of wet when we meet our kohai…”

The fuzzy dog glanced over. She saw tears welling up in Fuwawa’s eyes.

Mococo sighed.

“Fine. Just… try to be quick about it, ok?”

The twin dog girls spent a few moments awkwardly trying to maneuver themselves around the stall. It took a lot of effort for Mococo to press herself against the wall and sidle around so Fuwawa had enough room to shuffle toward the toilet and turn herself around.

During this transfer, both girls pushed and squeezed against each other. Fuwawa managed to drive her knee and her elbow into Mococo's abdomen.

“Mmhhh…” The fuzzy twin groaned, trying to ignore the intense pressure this caused in her bladder.

After a little more back and forth, Fuwawa was finally standing in front of the toilet. The space was so small, her legs were rubbing against Mococo’s.

“Finally…” Fuwawa sighed. She started to slide her hands under her skirt.

“Wait!” Mococo interrupted harshly, “At least let me turn around. I don’t want to watch you go!”

“Haah…” Fuwawa groaned, “Alright. But hurry up, I can’t wait much longer.”

Fuwawa leaned back to give Mococo enough space to turn herself around. After a little more awkward maneuvering, the fuzzy twin ended up pressed against the stall door. She curved her back to keep her face from being smushed into the door, but that had the unfortunate side effect of pressing her stomach, and her bladder, into the door.

Mococo lifted one leg and squeezed her thighs together. She tucked her fuzzy tail between her legs.

“Ok, I’m ready.” Mococo announced.

There was a rustling of clothes and a muffled flop as Fuwawa sat on the toilet.

Immediately, Mococo’s ears were assaulted by the loud, echoing tinkle of a rushing waterfall crashing into the calm waters below.

Mococo cupped her hands over her ears, pressing them against her head, trying to block out the noise. Sadly, Fuwawa’s raging rapids were loud enough to penetrate this barrier.

“Haaaah~” Fuwawa sighed.

Mococo’s legs twitched. She shut her eyes tightly.

‘Just… try to imagine you’re somewhere else,’ The demon dog coached herself, ‘Somewhere open and dry… like a desert.’

The rain outside surged in intensity, the rushing waters compounding with the splash of Fuwawa’s relief.

‘A desert oasis… With a lake and lots of rain and a bunch of grass where you could squat down and…’

Mococo shivered. She squeaked quietly and twisted her legs together. The dog girl leaned forward, pressing her forehead against the stall door, so she could reduce the external pressure on her stomach.

“Moco-chan?” Fuwawa spoke up.

Mococo ignored her sister.

“Moco-chan?” Fuwawa repeated, louder.

“Whaet?” Mococo asked, uncovering one of her ears.

“Do you need to go, too, Moco-chan?” Fuwawa asked.

“Hoeh?” Mococo shouted in surprise.

She turned to look at her sister. Fuwawa’s face was overtaken by a smug smile, her mouth hanging open slightly. From her parted legs, Mococo caught a glimpse of a golden stream flowing freely.

“N-noeh.” The fuzzy twin lied. She looked away from her sister. Mococo’s free hand drifted between her legs.

“Do you want to join me, Moco-chan?” Fuwawa taunted.

“N-noeh!”

“It feels so good, Moco-chan.”

Mococo bit her lip.

‘Don’t think about it, Mococo.’ She thought, ‘Don’t think about going. Don’t think about the sweet feeling of relief as you-’

As the thought crossed her mind, Mococo began to lose control. A small, trickling stream began to flow into her panties.

The hellhound gasped and threw her other hand between her legs.

“Noeh!” She shouted at herself.

After a few seconds of frantic dancing, a trembling Mococo managed to stop the leak.

“Are you ok?” Fuwawa asked, her voice quickly transforming from teasing into genuine concern.

“Hurry up, Fuwawa! I need to go!”

“Aaah, ok. Just wait a little longer. I’m almost done!”

“Hurry…” Mococo repeated.

The demon guard dog could feel warmth building up inside her. There was a tingling feeling between her legs. She was teetering on the verge of an accident. Her pee was about to come out, the hellhound’s willpower the only thing keeping it at bay.

After a few more seconds, Fuwawa’s downpour trickled to a stop.

There was another bit of rustling as she wiped herself clean and pulled her panties back up.

“Ok, I’m done, Moco-chan.” The fluffy twin whispered, “Hurry up and switch places with me.”

“A-alright…” Mococo said.

The fuzzy dog girl didn’t move. She couldn’t. Mococo was afraid to move from the spot. She wasn’t sure if she could without bursting the dam.

“Moco-chan?”

“I… I can’t move…”

“Let me help you.”

Before she could respond, Mococo felt hands on her back. Fuwawa began to pull her sister backwards.

Mococo shuffled back a couple steps before her heel got caught on Fuwawa’s toes.

She stumbled backwards. Fuwawa dodged out of the way.

Mococo landed on the toilet seat with a massive thud. Thankfully, she was able to avoid crushing her tail.

After the impact, another leak escaped into Mococo’s panties.

The hellhound shoved both hands into her lap and forced her thighs together as tightly as she could. The guard dog put all her strength into keeping the gates closed.

Mococo was so frustrated. She was sitting on the toilet, but she couldn’t pee yet. Her pants were in the way.

“What are you doing? Let go, Moco-chan!”

“I-I can’t, Fuwawa.”

“Uh?”

“If I move, it’ll come out…”

Fuwawa’s face shifted from concern to pure deviousness.

“I can help you, Moco-chan…” She quietly giggled.

Fuwawa leaned in closer, reaching for Mococo’s shorts.

“N-noeh!” Mococo protested. However, she was in no position to resist.

Fuwawa unbuttoned and unzipped Mococo’s shorts. She paused for a second and rubbed Mococo’s tummy, paying special attention to her protruding bladder.

“Fuwawa!” Mococo shouted.

“Right.” Fuwawa nodded. She gripped the sides of her twin’s shorts, sliding her fingers inside the waistband of both her pants and underwear.

“Ready?” Fuwawa asked.

“Uhn.” Mococo grunted.

They counted down together.

“3… 2… 1!”

On 1, Mococo relaxed her legs and lifted her hands. Fuwawa yanked her pants and panties down, leaving Mococo exposed.

As soon as her clothes were out of the way, Mococo unleashed the flood.

Pee poured out of her, creating a deep, resounding splash that easily overpowered the rumble of the rain outside.

“Hooaaah~” Mococo sighed.

The hellhound relaxed her body. She leaned back and rested against the tank of the toilet, her head drifting further back. Her shoulders drooped and her legs went limp as Mococo allowed the relief to wash over her.

“Whew.” She sighed.

Mococo closed her eyes and let herself get carried away by the tides of urinary bliss. The world disappeared around her and all the dog girl could feel was the slow deflating of her engorged bladder.

Every bit of pain and pressure Mococo had experienced over the last hour drained out of her and crashed into the waiting waters below.

“Hah.” The fuzzy twin gave one last sigh as the thundering roar reduced to a gentle tinkle. She felt a dull pain in her stomach and an uncomfortable emptiness replaced the bursting urgency that had once occupied the same space.

While she waited for the last remnants of her bathroom emergency to finish up, Mococo tried to compose herself.

She opened her eyes and sat upright, immediately locking eyes with her twin sister.

Fuwawa was crouched down, leaning forward and staring right at her fuzzy sister. She was panting softly.

“Wow, you really needed to go, huh Moco-chan~?” Fuwawa asked.

“What are you doing?” Mococo yelled.

“I’m just looking after my baby sister.”

“We’re twins!”

“I was born first.”

Mococo wanted to jump up and push her sister, but she couldn’t do that without spraying urine everywhere.

Instead, she opted to pout and avoid eye contact.

After a few more seconds, Mococo’s stream finally petered out. The rain outside had stopped, leaving the girls in complete silence.

The demon dog grabbed some toilet paper and wiped herself off.

She began to pull her pants up before noticing a problem: her pink panties were darkened from her earlier leaks.

Mococo grabbed some more toilet paper and tried to dry them off. She was able to wring out some of the moisture, but the fabric had already absorbed too much. There was no way for her to get them clean right now.

The hellhound sighed and resigned to her fate. At least it wasn’t too bad. No one should be able to smell or see it.

She tossed the used paper into the toilet, where it joined with Fuwawa and Mococo’s combined waters.

The dog girl pulled up her underwear and shorts.

The inseam of her white shorts were a damp grey, but that was far less noticeable than her underwear.

Mococo got up and reached for the latch on the stall door.

“What are you doing?” Fuwawa asked.

“I’m going to wash my hands.”

“But you can’t. We’ll get spotted.” Fuwawa spread her arms to block her sister’s path.

“I’m just going to wash my hands.” Mococo repeated, “I’ll be quick.”

“We can’t risk it.”

“I can’t just not wash my hands. That’s gross!”

Mococo tried to push past her sister.

She managed to unlock the stall door and pull it open. All the while, Fuwawa clung to her, trying to push her back into the stall.

Both twins froze when they heard a loud creaking.

Their heads snapped toward the bathroom door. It was slowly drifting open. The door opened just wide enough that the twins could see through the crack before it suddenly slammed shut.

The demon guard dogs looked at each other. They slowly retreated into the stall and closed the door.

They didn’t say anything. They didn’t need to. They each knew what the other was thinking. Did someone just see them? Was there about to be a misunderstanding?

From outside, they heard their manager speaking to someone. This time, she was speaking in English, which was unusual.

“Sorry, someone is in there. Please wait.” She said.

“But I need to gooooo!” A voice shouted back. It was a girl’s voice, though somewhat deep. The voice was almost gremlin-like.

“Just wait a few moment, please.” Their manager repeated.

“I can’t wait!”

The twins could hear the loud pounding of footsteps retreating down the hallway.

A few new voices joined in.

“Gigi, where are you going?” A soft voice asked. She had a hint of an accent similar to Kiara-senpai.

“I gotta pee!” The gremlin shouted.

“Hold on, I can probably find another bathroom.” A woman with a thick Italian accent offered.

“No time! Gotta go now!” The gremlin answered.

“You can’t just go running off!” An authoritative voice with an English accent called out.

A loud chorus of footsteps followed.

The dog girls locked eyes.

“Haa?” Fuwawa gasped.

“Uhn?” Mococo shrugged.

Seconds later, the twins heard repeated, splashing footsteps.

They looked around and discovered a small window near the ceiling that was cracked open. It must have faced the alley outside.

“Occupied… Wait…” The twins overheard the gremlin girl muttering.

“How about this?” She grunted.

There was a faint rustling. It was quiet enough that normal people wouldn’t be able to hear it, but the demon guard dogs had strong senses.

Soon, a loud splashing sound carried through the window.

The twins looked at each other. Both of them started blushing. Was this girl really-?

“Wooo!” The girl moaned, “That was almost an accident!”

The demon dogs waited in awkward silence as the splattering continued for nearly a minute.

Once it ended, the girl called out again.

“Ah~ Much better!” More splashing footsteps followed, “Ok, girls! I’m all good now!”

Fuwawa and Mococo waited for another minute. Neither of them could process what they just experienced.

They took solace in the fact that, whatever that just was, it was probably just some random person they would never meet again.

There was a knock at the door.

The girls’ manager peeked in.

“Alright, they’re here and ready to meet you.” She said.

The twins shook out of their daze and prepared to meet their new kohai and put this weird day behind them.

