Rained In - a RWBY Fiction

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2017-10-12 08:22

Hello, again~

What with the hype for RWBY Volume 5 and all (shout out to anyone else going to the theatrical premier), I figured I would go ahead and put out another fanfiction idea I'd had for a while. This one takes place somewhere in the early going of Volume 4.

To anyone waiting on more of the Potion Incident, don't worry, I'm not abandoning that, this story just captured my interest for a while.

So, as always, enjoy~

###

The dull orange of the setting sun was barely visible behind the thick clouds that had crowded the sky for most of the day. This was just enough to light the way for the young Ruby Rose as she walked through the dense brush of the forest in Anima’s wild lands. It has been a long time since they had been through a town and it looked like they were still far away from the next. This meant another night camping outdoors. This was so weird to the young huntress. All the towns looked so close together on the map, but they would spend days on the road between them. Anima was so much bigger than she expected.

Right now, though, the distance between towns was not the girl’s main concern. If they were stopping here for the night, Ruby figured it was a prime moment to take care of nature’s call. It had been hours since they last took a break, and she kept herself hydrated on the road.

Ruby looked around to ensure she had gotten out of sight of the rest of team RNJR (or was it JNRR?). She took another step forward and felt a drop of wetness against her thigh. This came as a shock to the young huntress. She didn’t have to go that bad, she shouldn’t be losing control yet.

Ruby looked down to investigate. She then felt something splash on her hand. Then something dropped against the back of her head. That’s when it hit her.

Small dark spots were appearing randomly in the dirt around the girl’s feet, and they were quickly multiplying.

It had started raining, and it was picking up fast. In seconds, it went from a small drizzle to a full-on shower.

Ruby heard a few shouts from back at camp, ranging in pitch from low (Ren), to high (Nora), to even higher (Jaune). At that, the young huntress abandoned her current objective and ran back toward the shouts.

As she reached the clearing, Ruby saw the rest of the team scrambling to save their campsite from the downpour. Ren was setting up the tarp, Jaune was gathering everyone’s bedrolls, and Nora was frantically trying to save the food. Ruby ran in to help out.

Within minutes, the group managed to set up the tarp and get themselves and their supplies to safety. The tarp was just large enough to comfortably fit the four huntsman and their supplies.

Their bags were a little wet, but it didn’t look like anything a short rest in the sun wouldn’t fix. Much the same, the travelers managed to get their shelter ready before they became too wet.

Once everything was safe, Ruby wrung her cape out onto the dirt, Nora shook herself off like a dog, and Ren glared at her as most of the water she shook off managed to land on him.

“I told you we should have set up the tarp when we stopped.” Ren said as he brushed himself off.

“Well, I didn’t think it would start raining so suddenly.” Jaune defended.

“It’s been overcast all day. It was bound to start raining sometime.”

“I’m sorry. I didn’t know you were a trained weatherman!”

As the boys continued their back and forth, Nora sidled up next to Ruby, sitting atop her bedroll.

“Man, that rain had some really bad timing.” She said. “I really had to go.”

“Yeah, me, too…” Ruby confided.

Nora leaned back and looked up at the sky for a moment. Ruby turned to look as well. The rain outside had swelled even further. It had turned into a complete torrential downpour. Visibility was cut by the intense rain.

“Well, doesn’t look like we have the option to do that now.” Nora said after a moment. “We’d be soaked to the bone in seconds.”

“Yeah…” Ruby responded slowly, “That wouldn’t be good, we could get sick like that...”

“I just hope we didn’t miss our last chance for the night.” Ruby added.

Nora stayed looking at the sky for a moment, seemingly rolling these words around in her head. She then leaned forward and shouted to the rest of the shelter.

` “Hey, how long do you think this rain will hold up?”

“Tough to say,” Ren responded, breaking off from his spirited debate with Jaune, “but given how dark the clouds were earlier, it could be a few hours before this lets up.”

“Hours, huh?” Nora echoed, a slight amount of concern in her voice.

“At this rate, it’s probably best if we just go to sleep.” Ren added, “The storm will hopefully blow over before morning. We didn’t make a lot of progress today; it might help to get an early start tomorrow.”

“What, and just sleep in our wet clothes?!” Nora protested.

“Nothing’s stopping us from getting changed.” Jaune pointed out.

“In front of you boys?! That’s indecent!” She shouted, covering her chest with her arms in a mock gesture of offence.

“Nora, we shared a dorm for nearly a year.” Ren cut in, flatly.

“Either way,” Nora carried on, ignoring Ren’s point, “we just had dinner. I’m not going to be able to get to sleep for a while!”

“Yeah, I’m not that tired, either.” Jaune admitted. “Maybe we could go over our plans for tomorrow or something. Who has the map?”

All four travelers looked at one another for a moment. Then all eyes turned toward Ruby. A sudden panic overcame the red-hooded girl as she realized she was the last person to have the map. She had no idea where it was now.

The girl frantically searched around before finding the map in the pouch on her back. The sides were a little wet from the rain, but it was still readable.

Jaune set the map out in the middle of their shelter and stared at it for a bit before pointing to a spot.

“So here we are. I guess that means this road is still the best path to Mistral. It looks like we might be another day or so out from the next village.”

They talked and planned for a few minutes, but Ruby quickly felt the conversation grow uninteresting. Apparently, Nora felt the same, because she soon leaned over to Ruby and poked her side to get the girl’s attention.

“A few hours, huh?” Nora repeated.

“Yeah…” Ruby agreed.

“Think you can hold out that long?”

Ruby placed a hand on her stomach. While it wasn’t incredibly urgent, she really could have used that pit stop earlier, and the drinks from dinner were starting to add on.

“I don’t know…” She admitted, “But I guess I’ll have to. What about you?”

Nora took in a sharp breath, “I’m not sure. If this lets up in an hour, maybe. But too much longer than that, it’ll be a problem.”

“What’ll be a problem?” Jaune asked. The two girls suddenly became aware he was looking at them.

Ruby felt herself blush. Wait, could they hear that whole conversation?

Before she could say anything, Nora grabbed Ruby and pulled her back a bit.

“Nothing!” She shouted, “This is girl stuff, keep out of it!”

“Geeze, OK.” Jaune said, reeling back from the sudden outburst.

“What does that mean?” Ren asked, confused.

“I don’t know,” Jaune answered, “but I grew up with seven sisters. When they say ‘girl stuff’ I know to stay out of it.”

Ruby and Nora scooted back to the farthest end of the shelter. They didn’t have much distance between themselves and the boys, but it was enough for a private conversation.

“So what are we going to do?” Ruby whispered. She shifted a little in her spot. She wasn’t at her limit just yet, but all this talk about it wasn’t helping. Nor was all of the rain outside.

“The way I see it,” Nora returned, in a far more conversational voice- or maybe that was just how she whispered, “either we go out there and get out clothes soaked, or stay in here and get out clothes soaked.”

“Not funny, Nora!” Ruby shouted back, “This is serious.”

“I am serious. We can’t use any space under the tarp with Jaune right there. We can’t go outside with all this rain. Until the storm clears, all we can do is wait. And I don’t know how much more waiting I can take.”

“What if we, I don’t know, kneel down at the edge of the tent and go outside?” Ruby proposed.

“Dang, girl, can you aim that well?” Nora asked, impressed.

“No…” Ruby admitted, grimly.

“Well, me, either.”

Ruby groaned, “There has to be something we can do.”

“Let me know if you think of something.” Nora responded. Ruby became aware that the other girl was wiggling around where she sat as well. Then again, Nora normally wasn’t able to sit still, so it was tough to tell if this was from her need or just natural energy.

Ruby looked hurriedly around the campsite. Didn’t they have a bottle or a bowl or something they didn’t need? There were plenty, but they were all used for food or water. It was tempting, but no matter how bad things got, she would rather not contaminate anything they would be eating or drinking from. It wasn’t clear how long it would be before they got a chance to thoroughly clean their dishes. Even after that, she would always know that they were using a glass she peed in. Gross.

The hooded girl rested her hands on her lap and twitched a little. Her desperation was mounting much faster than anticipated. She turned to look outside again, but the rain was holding as strong as ever.

“Why does Ren have to make such good tea?” Nora spoke up. Her voice was trembling slightly.

Ruby looked over and saw just how bad things had gotten for the other girl. Nora was sitting on top of her legs with both hands on her lap. It looked like her skirt was wrinkled around her hand.

Ruby’s eyes fell on the teapot as the thought crossed her mind. She shook her head to drive those thoughts away. It probably wouldn’t contain everything. Besides that, she didn’t want to use something the whole group would be drinking out of later.

“Man, this is bad.” Ruby whispered.

“I know! It feels so bad. Like I’m holding a lake inside of me!” Nora complained, “Or maybe like a waterfall. Or a river. I guess it would have to be something that flows. Not that it’s flowing right now, though. So I guess it’s kind of like a river that’s been dammed up. You know, like when it rains a whole lot and all the water is pushing against the walls?”

“Nora.” Ruby tried to interrupt.

“Yeah, kind of like that.” Nora steamrolled over the other girl’s attempt to butt in, “It’s all just slish-sloshing around in there and trying to get out. I don’t know how much longer it’ll be before it starts to. I feel like any second it’s going to start leaking through the cracks.”

“Nora!” Ruby said, louder.

“Like a pipe about to burst. Oh, man, I don’t think I can remember the last time I had to go this bad… Actually, yeah I do. There was that time in the Emerald Forest. Oh! Or that history exam first semester. Seriously, I barely made it after that. But when I did, it felt sooo good and-“

“NORA!!” Ruby shouted.

Nora broke off from her rant and looked at the other girl with a happy smile, like nothing was wrong.

“Yes?” She asked.

“You’re really not helping.” Ruby explained as she twisted her thighs together, wiggling back and forth. She pressed down slightly with her hands as she felt a brief spike in pressure.

“Oh, sorry. I was just trying to distract myself from how badly I need to go. I figured that talking is normally a good distraction. And I thought what should I talk about? Well, what’s in the front of my mind? That’s how badly I have to pee, so I just thought-“

Ruby inhaled sharply and pushed a hand against her stomach, “Well maybe you can find another way to distract yourself?”

“Sure!” Nora happily agreed.

The orange-haired girl looked around the shelter, humming happily as she continued to wiggle on the spot. She paused with one last hum as she focused in on something across the tent. A wide smile appeared on her face.

Curious, Ruby followed her gaze to see what had her attention.

On the other side of the tent, the boys were no longer contemplating the map and seemed to be settling down for the night. Jaune was sitting atop his bedroll, restlessly shifting around.

The hooded girl then found the sight Nora must have been fascinated with. Ren was settling down for the night and had removed his damp jacket and shirt.

This didn’t interest Ruby all that much. What was so special about boys without shirts? She’d been around Sun enough to know boys didn’t have much to hide.

Ruby looked outside again. The rain hadn’t slowed down at all. Her mind frantically raced, taking stock of the things she had in her pack. Maybe her water bottle? No way, that would be disgusting.

There was the shuffle of a sleeping bag. Ruby looked over to see Ren lying in his bedroll, turned away from the girls.

Jaune sighed deeply and rolled to his feet.

“I’ve got to take care of something. I’ll be back in, like, twenty minutes.” He said. He sounded distracted.

He grabbed his sword and shield and crawled out from under the tarp, quickly disappearing into the rain.

Ruby and Nora exchanged a glance.

Nora shrugged, “Probably needs to use the bathroom.” She suggested.

Ruby shrugged back. She didn’t have the time or energy to think about that right now. If he got into trouble, Jaune could yell loud enough to get their attention.

“So, how you holding up, Ruby?” Nora asked once Jaune was gone.

Ruby pressed her hands into her lap, “Not too good. This rain needs to let up soon, or I’m going to be in trouble.”

“Same here.” Nora confided.

There was a pause. “Doesn’t it feel kind of good, though?” Nora added.

“What?” Ruby asked, looking over.

The orange-haired huntress was blushing slightly. She was fidgeting more than a little and rubbing her thighs together. While it was subtle earlier, it was now abundantly clear that Nora was grabbing down between her legs.

“Well, I mean,” She explained, “doesn’t it feel kind of good to hold it all in? Like, it tingles…”

“No, not really…” Ruby muttered.

“Really? I guess it’s just me, then.” Nora shrugged happily.

Ruby was about to ask a follow-up, but was cut short before she could think of anything. Another wave of pressure suddenly hit her. The huntress shuddered and pushed her hands deeper into her lap. The wave passed and she managed to keep control for now, but it was clear that her options were running out.

“You know,” Nora began, “with Jaune away, we could just, you know, go over to the edge of the tarp and let it go…”

“What?” Ruby practically shouted in surprise, “But Ren’s still here, what if he looks?”

“Oh, don’t worry about that. Ren would never do that.” Nora dismissed with a wave of her free hand. “No matter how bad you want him to.” She added quietly.

“Wait, what?”

The thought of finally letting it out was tempting, but the idea of someone catching her in such a compromising position was too much. Ruby shuddered as the pressure continued to build. Whatever the solution, she would need to come up with it quickly.

“I still don’t think I can do that.” Ruby said, panic rising in her voice.

“Well then, I guess we just have to try and wait out the rain. Just keep holding it in while all this water drips and drops from the sky.”

“Still not helping.” Ruby muttered, biting her lip. She slowly let a hand drift under her combat skirt.

“Are you sure you’re not ready to go here?” Nora asked, observing this display. “There’s enough space for us to squat without getting anything wet.”

“I’m not comfortable going out in the open. Especially with a boy right there.”

“That’s fair.” Nora agreed.

“If you’re comfortable with that, it’s fine. I won’t stop you.” Ruby offered. She hated to think Nora was putting herself through this torture on her account.

“Oh, no,” Nora said with another dismissive wave, “I’ll be fine. If you’re going to wait, I’m going to wait. I don’t want you to go through this alone.”

“That’s nice, but you really don’t have to do that.”

“Yeah, but it’s what friends do.” Nora said joyfully.

“Is it?” Ruby asked quietly. That was certainly not something any of her friends did.

Just then, Nora let out a surprised yelp.

Ruby looked over to her friend. The orange-haired girl was now sitting straight up, the blush growing on her face.

“Are you ok?” Ruby asked frantically.

“Y-yeah…” Nora stuttered, “I think I just let a little bit out is all…”

“Oh, no... Look, if you want to go right now, I won’t look. I’m not going to blame you.”

There was a short pause as Nora looked up in concentration. She let out a soft moan and her shoulder relaxed. Her hands stayed fixed in place with her grip as strong as ever.

“Don’t worry, it’s all under control.” She said, her face growing even redder.

“Are you sure?”

“Mm-hmm.” Nora hummed happily. Her eyes floated upward, losing focus.

Ruby pushed down with the hand under her skirt. Maybe Nora had it all under control, but she sure didn’t.

It wasn’t too much longer before things took a turn for the worse.

Ruby was sitting in place, quivering as she listened for the slightest break in the rain. Soon enough, she felt a small spurt leak into her underwear. It was forceful enough for the liquid to splash against the hand under her skirt.

She froze in place, panic rising even more. The huntress pressed her hand down even harder, but this effort proved to be in vain. Seconds later, another spurt leaked out, followed by another.

One more leak proved to be enough warning for the young huntress.

“I can’t wait anymore!” Ruby declared to no one in particular as she lunged for the edge of the shelter.

In her rush, Ruby didn’t realize her legs had fallen asleep.

She started to stand up, only to fall forward. Ruby threw her hands down and caught herself, landing on her knees. This was the final nail in the coffin.

As she landed, Ruby felt the leak begin. She shot straight up, but was still unable to get to her feet. She was now kneeling in the dirt, just clear of her bedroll.

The girl in the red cape felt a steady stream making its way out of her. She threw her hands into her lap, trying to stem the tides. She wrinkled her combat skirt against herself as she grabbed down. Alas, this proved to be too little, too late.

Slowly, the steam picked up power until Ruby was completely peeing herself. A darkened spot began to grow on her skirt where she continued to fruitlessly hold. Golden drops began to wind their way down her legs and soak into her leggings.

Ruby sat there, paralyzed in disbelief. Was this really happening to her? Was she really wetting herself right now?

The wetness continued to spread down her legs, quickly soaking through the entirety of her stockings, and coming to rest in the dirt around her knees. A yellow-tinted pool began to slowly grow beneath the young huntress.

She grunted sadly, still pushing her hands into her crotch to try and cut off the flow, despite the fact that the damage had already been done. Ruby could feel the fluids fill her palms and drip out between her fingers.

The huntress sat there, eyes watering, as she continued to void herself into her clothes. She wasn’t sure how much time passed. It may as well have been the rest of her life for how she felt.

However long it took, the well eventually ran dry. It took a moment before Ruby noticed there was nothing more flowing into her hands.

She gasped as she looked down at herself. It was at this moment that Ruby became thankful she wore dark colored clothing. Aside from the sheen on her exposed thighs, there was not much obvious evidence of her accident. She removed her hands to discover a slightly darkened patch on the front of her skirt, but it was barely noticeable. Her leggings weren’t much different, either. Certainly, her panties didn’t fare well, but Ruby wasn’t about to check that right there.

Ruby lowered herself to a sitting position on her heels. Immediately, she began to think about what she would do about the mess. Sure, she had a spare outfit, but how long would it be before they found a place to wash their clothes?

Ruby was snapped out of this train of thought by a voice from right next to her.

“Are you alright?” Nora asked.

Ruby jumped when she heard this. In all the excitement, she had forgotten anyone else was there.

She looked over to see Nora leaning over with a concerned look on her face. She was still blushing. Nora was using one hand to steady herself; the other was still firmly planted between her legs.

“Yeah…” Ruby said with a sniff. She was doing her best to fight back tears. “Yeah, I’ll be fine. I just can’t believe that happened…”

The sudden awareness of her audience only made the feelings even worse. Here she was, Ruby Rose, a huntress, a girl out on her own adventure, and she just wet herself in front of her teammate. This was starting to feel a little too familiar. Wasn’t she supposed to be done with this kind of stuff?

Ruby felt a hand against hers, then another. Nora clasped Ruby’s hand in her own and lifted them to her chest.

“How, don’t worry about it.” Nora said softly with a smile.

Nora scooted in closer and sat down next to Ruby, her legs splayed outward.

“It’s ok.” She added.

“Yeah, I know,” Ruby responded somberly, “I just thought I would be through with accidents like this by now… And what am I going to do about this?” She fluttered her wet skirt for emphasis.

“It’s fine.” Nora reassured, “I’ve got a plan.”

The orange-haired huntress let go of Ruby’s hand and leaned back.

“Nora, what are you doing?”

Nora’s face contorted in concentration for a split second before moving to a more relaxed expression. Her eyes started to water slightly as they drifted upward. A large, open-mouthed grin overtook Nora’s face as she let out a happy sigh.

Ruby looked over in shock as a hissing sound filled the air.

She looked down to see Nora lift her skirt slightly, leaving the bottom of her white panties barely visible. What was much more visible was the nearly clear steam pouring out of those panties. The stream was very powerful; it was almost as if the now-darkened cloth of the underwear wasn’t even there. As it hit the ground, some of the liquid splashed back to cover Nora’s thighs.

A puddle began to grow under the energetic huntress, quickly spreading under her legs. Soon enough, that puddle grew to join with Ruby’s own.

Ruby looked over the other girl awkwardly. She really didn’t know what to make of this situation. Sure, she had seen other girls have accidents before, and she had been with her sister in the woods more than once when an emergency hit them. This, however, was something completely new.

All the while, Nora’s expression remained frozen in sheer bliss. Her face had grown completely red.

After an awkwardly long time, the hissing subsided and Nora let out a pleased sigh.

“Oh, gosh, that felt so good.” She moaned.

“You didn’t have to do that for me, you know…” Ruby said awkwardly, feeling her own cheeks growing red.

“Oh, no, that wasn’t the reason.” Nora said, her voice returning to its normal pitch, “I just had to go so bad. I wasn’t going to make it two steps.”

“Really?”

“Yeah. Still, it’s good that you didn’t have an accident alone, right?”

“Sure, I guess…”

The two girls silently looked at each other for a moment. Nora was smiling as though everything was normal. Ruby noticed that she was shifting around on the spot. She figured it was the discomfort of being in wet clothes.

“So now what?” Ruby asked awkwardly.

“Now this!” Nora shouted as she shot to her feet, quickly tossing off her jacket.

She grabbed Ruby’s hands and pulled her along as she leaped out from under the tarp.

Both girls soon found themselves standing in the pouring rain. Once they were securely out of the shelter, Nora let go of Ruby’s hands and twirled off a little further.

Ruby quickly covered her head with her cape.

“What are you doing?” She yelled over the downpour.

“Getting clean!” Nora shouted back, “I love dancing in the rain! And it’s kind of like a shower, right?”

“I mean, not really…”

Ruby tried to crawl back out of the rain.

“Come on!” Nora shouted. She skipped over and grabbed Ruby before she could retreat. The energetic girl happily spun them both around and forced Ruby out into the rain. Ruby always forgot how strong the smaller girl really was.

Nora let go and continued to skip and twirl happily in the rain. Ruby stood there for a moment, taking in the absurdity of the last few minutes. At least now she had an excuse for why her clothes were wet. Maybe this would wash them out a little.

Once she felt her clothes had completely soaked through, Ruby walked back under the tarp. Nora bounded happily after.

“There. Isn’t that much better?” Nora asked cheerily.

“A little.” Ruby admitted. She looked at her sleeves. They were practically see-through. Ruby was really thankful she didn’t wear the same colors on other parts of her outfit.

“But what do we do now?” She asked, “We can’t sleep in our clothes when they’re this soaked.”

Nora held up a finger, “Excuse me, I have to take care of something.”

Nora skipped over to the other side of the tarp where Ren was sleeping. She threw herself on top of him and embraced the sleeping huntsman.

Ren shot up with a startled shout, jumping up frantically before looking over at the girl now wrapped around him. He settled down and placed a hand on Nora’s arm.

“Nora, why are you wet?” He asked as though this weren’t the first time he had to ask that.

“Because, silly, you know I love dancing in the rain!”

“Let me guess: you forgot to bring a towel?”

“What?” Nora asked with a laugh, “No, of course not… Well, actually, yes.”

Ren sighed, “There’s one in my bag. Go ahead and use it.”

“Thanks, Ren!” Nora shouted. She hugged the boy tight before jumping to her feet.

“Good night, Nora.” He added, rolling over.

“Night, Ren~!” Nora sang.

Nora grabbed Ren’s bag and started rifling through it. It always astounded Ruby just how close those two were. She wasn’t sure she’d be comfortable with her regular teammates rifling through her personal belongings like that.

Soon enough, the energetic young huntress pulled a towel out of the bag and held it up triumphantly. She hastily tossed everything backed into Ren’s bag and closed it up.

Nora quickly dried herself off before tossing the towel to Ruby.

Ruby dried off her exposed skin. She pulled down her stockings to clean off her legs. She slowly pressed the towel against her clothes to try and make some progress in drying them, but to little effect.

When Ruby reached over to hand the towel back to Nora, she was already undoing the belt around her skirt. She tossed her shirt off and proceeded to dry herself more thoroughly.

Ruby looked cautiously around the sides of their shelter. Ren was turned away and it looked like he was asleep. There was no sign of Jaune anywhere.

The two girls quickly changed out of their wet clothes and into clean outfits. They laid out their damp clothes on top of their bags to dry.

“Well, that was… something…” Ruby said, settling down into her sleeping bag.

“Yeah.” Nora agreed. “That got me kind of wound up. It may take some time before I can get to sleep… By the way, you should maybe ignore any sounds coming from my sleeping bag tonight.”

“Same as every night got it.” Ruby affirmed.

“We’re not going to tell the boys about what happened, are we?” Ruby asked.

“I don’t see why we would.”

“Also, let’s try not to let that happen again, ok?” Ruby added.

“Really? I thought it was kind of fun.”

“Not enough fun to do it again.”

“So what are you thinking?” Nora asked, growing excited, “Like we set up a code word or something? So if it ever gets too bad for you, you could just say 'squid cakes' and I'll make a distraction while you sneak off. And if I’m ever in trouble, you could-“

“Not what I meant.” Ruby interrupted, “I more just meant keep each other honest. You know, look out for each other and make sure we don’t push ourselves this far again.”

“Oh, sure, that makes sense.” Nora agreed.

Soon enough, Jaune returned to camp. He was breathing heavily and dripping wet.

“Oh, hey girls… You’re still up.” He said, sounding surprised, “Is everything alright?”

“Yeah, fine.” Ruby said.

“Yup!” Nora shouted, “Totally fine, absolutely nothing wrong here. Nothing at all!”

“Ok. Good.” Jaune sighed.

His eyes settled on the still dripping clothes in the middle of the shelter.

“What happened to your clothes?” Jaune asked.

“Well…” Ruby began.

“You know how I roll around in my sleep?” Nora jumped in, “Well, I went to sleep earlier, and I guess I accidentally grabbed Ruby and, like, suplexed her out into the rain.”

“Yeah, that’s what happened.” Ruby agreed, a little too eagerly.

“Ok, sure, that makes sense.” Jaune said, much to Ruby’s surprise.

“Well, I’m going to get some rest. Good night, girls.” He said. Jaune pulled his bag closer and began to remove his hoodie. “Would you mind turning around?” He asked.

“Right!” Ruby shouted, rolling over and pulling up the cover of her sleeping bag.

Soon, everything was quiet except for the rain raging outside.

Ruby was starting to drift off to sleep when she was interrupted by a harshly whispered “hey!” from next to her.

“What?” She asked sleepily.

“Do you think we should pick up something in the next town?” Nora asked, “Like a jug or something, so that if this happens again…”

“You’re thinking too much about this.” Ruby responded, “Let’s just hope it doesn’t come to that.”

“Right, right.” Nora answered.

“Good night.” Nora added.

“Good night. And Nora?”

“Yeah?”

“Thanks.”

