Family Fountains

Author: knockonthedoor

*000*2023-09-09 19:02

A/N: While originally a concept by @Gothes

, they have allowed me to create this thread here. It's an anthology series in the same vein as my Howe High series. This time its about family members who are desperate for a bathroom around each other and features wetting and peeing scenes. Here's the difference though. YOU are allowed to write your own scenes and post them here! And so long as they do not violate Omorashi Org's TOS, its fine by me. You can also request any story of me, though I do have rules. Without further ado, here is our first story. And as always, feedback is not only welcome but appreciated!

At Least Mom Made it...Kind of

Silence wasn’t always common in the Freeland household, even less so around the dinner table. But for the moment, the two sisters and their mother sat without a word between them. The clinking of silverware and plates had taken over, and each of the present family members enjoyed, or at least tried to enjoy their mothers spaghetti. Rather than sit in silence, the girls mother spoke up

“Have you decided what you’re going to do for senior skip day, Jessica?”

Jessica finished chewing before answering “No. Not really. I might just hang around here.”

“Well that’s not really fun. What about going for a hike? Or I could take you for a day trip somewhere?”

“Maybe. Honestly, I was probably going to call Aubry and we’d hang around the mall or here or something.”

“Still doesn’t seem like fun.”

“What should we do? We have school the next day.”

Her mother shrugged, then bent forward to take another bite. Amanda asked

“Well if Jessica is getting the day off and just hanging around, can I get the day off too?”

“No. You’re going to school”

“Ugh. C’mon mom!”

“You’ll be a senior soon too. You can have the day off then.”

Amanda went back to twirling her spaghetti, mumbling to herself.

Without anything else to grab their attention, the family returned to silence, with most of the trio wrapping up their meals. Just then, the distinctive ringtone of their mother’s phone sounded from the kitchen counter, which was close to the dining table. The girl’s mother got up to answer it, picking up when she saw that it was her husband. Staying in the kitchen, her daughters were aware of the conversation.

“Hey honey! How’s your trip?”

The girls could hear the excited response of their father on the other end of the line. Their mother responded

“That’s great! See, I told you that you should have gone, congratulations on the award sweetie!”

Jessica and her sister had finished their dinners, and Jessica instinctively begun to clear the table, carrying each plate and glass in her hands as best as she could. She walked around her chatting mother as she gathered up the pots and pans and put them in the sink. She poured liquid soap on each of the dishes and started the tap. As the sound of running water filled the kitchen of the small ranch house, only Amanda noticed their mothers reaction. But they all heard her words.

“No, Jessica was just starting the dishes.” She laughed nervously “Honey, you know I’ll only do that for you if you’re good. No, I can’t talk like that, the girls are right here.”

Both Jessica and Amanda looked at each other. Amanda raised an eyebrow, and Jessica giggled. As their mother moved away from the kitchen, Jessica finished up with the brief chore of washing the dishes. It was good timing too, as she felt the familiar twinge of a bladder that was due to release its contents. Her sister had left for her room, and Jessica followed close behind. Their house had just one hallway that connected the bedrooms from the kitchen and living room. Along the narrow hallway sat the only bathroom in the house. Sandwiched between the dining room and the spare bedroom, it was a small, compact area.

As Jessica opened the thin wooden door and flicked on the light, the almost yellow color of the old tile hit her eyes. They adjusted quickly while Jessica shut the door behind her. Nonchalantly, she walked over to the toilet, which was nestled between the counter and the window. In one quick motion, her athletic shorts were on the floor, and her eighteen year old butt on the toilet seat.

With her forearms resting on her thin thighs, the room was soon filled with the sound of Jessica’s fresh pee slipping past her labia and dripping into the toilet water. Quickly the dripping sound of her urine splashing into the toilet was replaced with the the constant splatter as it started to rush out of her young snatch. As Jessica peed, she looked out the window, not at anything in particular, but it helped pass the few seconds it was going to take to relieve herself. The sound of the splashing water in the toilet bowl reverberated off of the walls of the small bathroom. Below her, the water itself started to adopt a yellowish hue as Jessica’s pee added to the liquid already in the bowl.

Soon, her steady flow of urine began to arc back towards her pussy, wetting her lips with the excess flow. In a moment, Jessica was done. Grabbing a few squares of toilet paper for herself, she made sure she was dry. In one motion Jessica stood and pulled her athletic shorts back up along with her panties. In another motion, she flushed, clearing the discolored water from the toilet.

Jessica turned her attention to the mirror. Without many thoughts running through her mind, she began removing her makeup for the night. Dabbing the brush against her face and utilizing the necessary tools was a second nature at this point. Part of her relished in the solace. Not that her family was noisy, but there were usually four of them. So Jessica took her private opportunities where she could.

Her sanctuary was quickly dashed by a sudden knock on the door. A light tap, Jessica heard her mother on the other side.

“Sweetheart, your father found something for you tomorrow. Work gave him a few tickets to a baseball game, and he can’t make it. I thought I’d take you and Aubrey for senior day.”

“Oh.” Jessica thought about it for a second “Yeah! That sounds great! Could we go to the mall too? Make a whole day out of it?”

Her mother thought about it. “Sure. You know what? I’m meeting Jen for lunch, why don’t I drop you and Aubrey off at the mall, then come back and pick you two up?”

“Sounds like a plan. Thanks Mom!”

“Oh and Honey?” There was a pause “Are you going to be done soon? ‘Cuz mom really needs a pee right now.”

“Um…maybe like fifteen minutes?”

“Your sister’s out here too.”

“I’m almost done.”

“Now Jessica.” Her mother spoke with some force

Sighing, Jessica dropped her makeup removing tools and opened the door, her mother’s figure taking up most of the door frame. Surprisingly, she had both her hands hovering near the crotch of her khaki pants.

Her mother pushed past her and closed the door as Jessica left the only bathroom in the house. Her sister was standing against the wall with her arms folded, a disappointed look on her face.

“She always does this.”

“Who, mom?” Jessica asked

“Yeah-” Suddenly Amanda was interrupted by a loud splattering sound.

Instantly, both sisters were acutely aware that they could hear their Mother peeing on the on the other side of the light door. It was accompanied by a sigh that was as loud as the noise of her urine spraying both into the toilet water and against the insides of the bowl. The two could also hear a faint hiss, but didn’t want to acknowledge where it was coming from. Amanda continued her thought as the sound of their Mother peeing echoed behind them

“I mean, I was standing out here waiting for you, and she just walks up after her conversation with dad and cuts right in front of me.”

“She must have needed to go that bad.” Jessica paused, letting the sound of her mother’s spraying urine accent her point

“Would it have killed her to wait? Or not hold it until she’s about to piss herself?”

Before Jessica could respond, the sound of her mother’s stream ending it’s journey out of her became apparent. It was quickly replaced with the sound of her scolding voice

“Because Amanda, I had to work today, run errands, and cook dinner for the two of you.” They could hear her unrolling the toilet paper from its place in the bathroom “Mom’s a big girl, she can hold her pee, but we all have limits.”

“You’ll be fine Mom. You can wait like two seconds, its not gonna hurt you.”

They could hear the toilet flushing, and soon their mother opened the door.

“Don’t argue with me. Here.” She opened the door for Amanda, who said nothing as she too entered the bathroom.

Rather than stand in the hall and listen to another family member pee, Jessica headed for her shared room, excited to call her friend and plan their day tomorrow.

##########################################################

Jessica watched the homes and trees go by the window of her mother’s car. Occasionally, there would be someone on the sidewalk, going about their day. Sometimes she wondered about those people. Even if what they were doing was mundane, it was still part of their lives. Whoever they were, whatever their lives were like, they all had stories to tell. Part of Jessica just wanted to hear them.

Stop signs, red lights, and traffic had their way with the mother and daughter duo, but there was very little conversation between them. As they pulled onto the highway towards the mall, Jessica hoped to liven the tone in the vehicle.

“I like your pants Mom. Are they new?”

“Oh. No. But thank you Sweetie!” She ran her hand long her thigh “I like the color with this top. And I felt like the yellow was summer-ish.”

“You sure they’re not new? I feel like I’d remember if I saw you in yellow jeans.”

“Actually Jess, truth is I probably couldn’t have fit in them for a while. I think I bought them last year. Maybe even the year before.”

“Oh.” Jessica paused “Well congrats on losing the weight then.”

Her mother smiled “Thanks Honey.” She looked over to Jessica “I like your jeans too.”

“These are old. I’m probably going to buy a new pair with Aubrey.”

Her mother nodded before returning her attention to the cars on the road. The first sign advertising the mall appeared, reminding her to go over the plan with her daughter.

“So remember Jess, we’re kind of on a tight schedule here. After I drop you off, I’m going to have lunch with Jen, and then come back to pick you two up. Don’t be in their for more than an hour or a half or so. Or until I text you.”

“Yeah, I know mom. Did I remember to tell you about Aubrey’s plans? She sent me a text this morning that her parents are going to take them to see their cousins or something like that after we’re done, so they’ll be at the house at like 6:30 or seven.”

“6:30 or seven? We’ll have to leave like right after the game!”

“I know, but it was that or she wouldn’t be able to come at all.”

Her mother sighed. “Fine. Hopefully its a quick game then.”

The two returned to silence, and Jessica rested her head on her hand. The highway was much less interesting than suburbia. The only even slightly interesting thing about the highway was the slow erosion of their home town, and the rows and rows of trees between the two lanes that used to be part of a forest. Jessica supposed that it technically was still a forest, just much less so now.

Out of boredom, Jessica played with her auburn hair. She had curled it that morning and took some pride in how it looked. Preening her tank top, she couldn’t help but bask in the confidence that her fit body gave her.

As the trees began to thin, and the woods turned to assorted buildings and the makings of another town, Jessica’s mother waded through the growing traffic line of cars and made for the exit. A large billboard advertising the mall dominated the skyline. Shop, relax, enjoy. The mall that has it all!

“You know, I’ve never liked that tagline.”

“What tagline?”

“The one on the billboard Mom, see it?.”

“Why is that? Isn’t that what you’re going there to do?”

“I mean I guess, but it just seems too generic.”

“Well what wouldn’t be generic?”

“Um…I don’t know. They should just try to be more creative.”

“Uh-huh. Glad you’re going into marketing then.”

Jessica looked over at her mother as the car entered the massive parking lot for the mall.

“I can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic or not.”

Her mother looked back and smiled gently. Jessica gave her a playful smack

“Mom! I want to draw! I’m not going to be coming up with the words!”

Her mother chucked to herself as they made their way to the entrance of the populated area. Out of the couple dozen people milling around the entrance, one girl with blonde hair stood out. Jessica smiled and hopped out of the car as it stopped.

“Hey You!”

“Jess! Hey!” Her longtime friend greeted her back with a friendly hug

“An hour and a half girls!” Jessica’s mother called after them

Jessica waved her off and shut the car door, turning back to her friend as her mother drove away.

“So where do you want to go first? Or do you just want to walk around?”

Aubrey looked at Jessica funny “Walk around, duh. I need the exercise if I’m going to be eating ballpark food.”

The two friends turned and walked towards the large glass doors that gave the building a grand appearance. Despite its age, it was designed with care, and gave an air of sophistication.

“You’re actually going to eat the food there?”

“Uh yeah?”

“Don’t act like I’m stupid, didn’t you become a vegetarian?”

“Ok, but have you had a pretzel, ice cream and a hot dog at a baseball game?”

“Never even been to a baseball game.”

Aubrey looked at her friend, shocked as they entered the mall and stared walking down the massive hallways

“Never?”

“Why would I? I don’t care about sports.”

“Not even by accident?”

“How do you accidentally go to a baseball game?”

Aubrey shrugged “I don’t know, but they’re super fun! Oh! Hey!” She cut in front of Jessica and quickie walked into a sporting goods store. As Jessica followed, Arbury excitedly continued “I’m getting a hat!”

Jessica couldn’t help but smile at her friends energy. She was already glad to have found something to do today.

############################

While the two girls roamed about the mall, Jessica’s mother made her way through town to her favorite Italian restaurant. Both traffic and finding a place to park was simple, and as soon as the car was turned off, she began to touch up her makeup. It wasn’t more than a minute before she heard a knock on the window.

“Jen! Hey!”

“Maddie! Hey!” She threw back in a jovial manor

“Just let me finish my makeup and we’ll head in.”

Jennifer quickly bent one of her knees, her polka dotted dress swaying in the wind. “Um, you can just finish that inside.”

“Cold?”

Jennifer nodded, weakly smiling as she did. Maddison closed her small mirror and put it back in her purse. Climbing out of her car, she joined her friend on the sidewalk.

“How was the drive over here?”

“Oh…you know. Slow.”

“Really? I got Jessica to the mall pretty easy.”

Jennifer nodded and adjusted her purse on her shoulder. The dark color matching the black of her polka dotted dress. Her hands by her sides, she walked quicker than usual, and certainly faster than Laura. Jennifer reached the outdoor hostess first, and gave her name for their reservation. As the hostess grabbed two menus and began leading them inside to their table, Laura asked

“Is your back acting up again?”

“Hm? N-no..,I’m fine, why?”

“You’re walking so stiff, I was worried.” Laura laughed nervously “Are you sure?”

“I’m fine.”

As Laura sat down at their table, Jennifer mentioned to the hostess “I’m sorry miss? Where are the restrooms? My friend wanted to fix her makeup.”

The hostess pointed to the far corner of the restaurant, her pantyhose-clad knees briefly touching. She quickly brushed down her short black skirt.

“Back there, but there might be a wait. We’ve been super busy like, all day.”

As she walked back outside, Jennifer began to walk to the far corner of the restaurant. The half-wall that blocked the view of the doors, and the small sign that read restrooms was difficult to read from where they were seated. Despite what the hostess had said, there was only one other woman in line. Before Laura could even think about joining her friend, their waitress came over to the table. Not knowing what her friend wanted to drink, she ordered waters to start and an appetizer before joining her friend in line.

They stood shoulder to shoulder, Jenifer intently watching the door in front of her. It was a dark wooden color, with a stained glass center that bore the word women’s on it. The one lady in front of the two friends went in before the two said a word between them. Laura tried to start a conversation

“What did the doctors say? About your back?”

“Hmm?” Jennifer bit her lip “Oh. It’s bad.”

“Bad?”

“Mhmm.”

“What do you mean bad?”

“Well…” Jennifer grabbed at the hiem of her dress “It hurts.” She nodded and looked over at Laura.

The two fell back into silence for a moment until the door opened. The woman held the door for them both as Jennifer gave a weak smile. Laura followed and walked towards one of the sinks, grabbing some of her makeup tools out of her purse. Jennifer quickly walked into the open stall.

Laura could hear her friend quickly jam her purse onto the hook of the stall door, followed by the unmistakable sound of her shoes tapping on the clean tiled floor. As Laura began to reapply her makeup, she heard an unmistakably loud hiss from the stall her friend had just occupied. It was followed by an equally loud splash, the toilet water reacting to the heavy flow of fresh piss it was about to endure. Her friend was breathing heavily, sounding as if she was just coming up for air after being underwater. For a moment the only sound in the entire restroom was the splash of the toilet water and the hiss of her deflating bladder. Both of which nearly drowned out her heavy breathing.

“So yeah-”

Jennifer started to talk, but the sound of the splashing water and her hissing snatch became greater as she contracted her muscles. It briefly overwhelmed her voice

“There’s a ton of traffic on the highway. Construction made it a one lane, so that was annoying. But yeah, my back is better, I think it was just that old office chair I was using.”

As the stall next to Jennifer flushed, the splashing of her stream was still audible over the sound of the swirling water. The other woman washed her hands next to Laura, but said nothing. The sound of Jennifer's hissing pee still permeated the room, and the splashing of the water below her created an awkwardness for the stranger and Laura both.

As Jennifer’s stream began to die down, Laura finished her makeup and reapplied her lipstick. It was subtle, just enough to help her pale lips pop. The once roaring stream that had erupted from Jennifer had finally been reduced to a slow drip. Laura asked her friend a question, piercing the veil as she heard her unravel the toilet paper

“Better?”

Jennifer sighed “You have no idea.”

################################

Jessica looked away from her phone for a moment as her friend suddenly grabbed her arm and darted off towards a sporting goods store.

“Wait! Where-”

“We’re getting hats! C’mon!”

They cut in front of a lane of people walking in the opposite direction and entered the store. Sports weren’t that interesting to Jessica, but she smiled a little at her friend’s excitement. As they entered the store, Aubrey immediately made her way to the hats and began combing through the shelves. She shuffled through a few of the more popular teams, and made a face when she couldn’t find the one she was looking for. She looked around the shop, which was sparsely packed with people. The only person who appeared to be working was an overweight, middle aged man with glasses. His balding head picked up when he saw the young blonde senior approach him.

“Excuse me sir? It doesn’t look like there are any Spanner’s hats. Can you help us out?”

He nodded, obviously happy that the bubbly blonde with large breasts for her frame was taling to him. Aubry made small talk

“We’re going to the game this afternoon, and its my friends first time.”

He looked at Jessica and smiled, her brownish hair and it’s natural curls were equally as alluring.

“You like sports?”

Jessica shook her head, a little shy. Aubry spoke for her

“She’s more into math and science. She thinks sports are dumb.” Aubry had a wide smile on her face, ribbing her friend playfully

“I didn’t say that!” Jessica playfully gave Aubry a light push, matching her smile.

Aubry turned her attention back to the cashier

“No, but I think we should have some merch, and it’s not like we want to pay the prices at the stadium, you know?”

The man agreed and nodded while typing on the computer, searching the inventory of the store. Aubry leaned forward over the counter, accenting her boobs.

“You think I should get a top too?”

“Uhh…” The man was taken aback, he coughed nervously “Um…well the store could use the business but I don’t know.”

Aubry looked over to Jessica and giggled. Jessica’s eyes were wide, she disapproved of her friends act.

“Uh, Miss? I think I have one, maybe two hats in the back.”

“Oh! Great, thank you!”

The man waddled towards the back, and Jessica pulled her friends arm.

“What was that?”

“What was what?”

“You know!” Jessica motioned towards her own breasts, but was reluctant to touch them or repeat the tease that her friend had done.

Aubry smiled “I’ll tell you at lunch. I want to buy a pair of shorts too, we should hit up the store across from the food court.”

Jessica looked at her phone “I want something to wear too, but we don’t have a ton of time left.”

At that moment, the overweight man waddled from the backroom towards the counter, proudly holding a cap in his sweaty hand.

“Last one! Maybe ever. These don’t really sell.”

“Oh! Perfect thank you!” Aubry excitedly clapped her hands and took the hat from the man.

She paid for the hat and made more small talk with the man behind the counter. Jessica stayed quiet, not really knowing what to say. She looked at her phone, confirming that they had enough time to shop and eat before her mom came back. Aubry started walking, thanking the man for his time.

Exiting the store, the two friends cut through the foot traffic in the mall and reached the upward escalator. As they rode up to the second floor, Aubrey felt the first nudge from her bladder, a gentle reminder that she had not gone since that morning.

“Jess, did I tell you about this new drink I’ve been trying in the morning?”

Jessica shook her head

“It’s super good! Ton of electrolytes and no sugar, so its super good for you.”

“Probably doesn’t taste good.”

“No. You’re right, it doesn’t taste good. That not the point.”

“But when you said it was super good-”

“I meant that it was super good for you!”

The two reached the top of the escalator and stepped off. The large walking space in front of them was the only thing blocking their access to the large clothing store that anchored the mall. Excitedly, the two friends entered the large store, Aubry was sure she’d have time to use the restroom before they left for the game.

#################################

As their food finally came, Laura ordered some wine. Jennifer commented

“Aren’t you going to be driving?”

“Yeah but a little wine won’t hurt.”

“Are you going to have a beer at the game?”

“Well sure, but it’s mostly water anyway. Theo usually complains about it.”

Jennifer twirled her spaghetti and asked before chewing “How are things with your husband?”

“Good. Really good honestly. I wonder if he took some sort of class or seminar or something. But he’s been great lately.” Laura cut some of her eggplant parmesan

“Must be nice.” Jennifer took another bite of her spaghetti and a drink from her glass

“Nice?”

“You know, to have someone. It’s impossible to date at my age.”

“Your age? C’mon Jen, you’re talking like you’re a hundred years old.”

Jennifer shrugged “I just wish I had a guy…who was there, you know? A guy that I could just ask questions, or…” A look of sadness washed over Jennifer’s face.

“You’ll find someone. You’re cute, have a good job. Why not one of the guys in the office?” The waiter came back with the wine. “Thank you”

“I don’t know. Wouldn’t guys find it a bit.” Jennifer paused, looking for the right word “I don’t know, creepy? Their old boss comes over and starts flirting with them.”

“I think the right guy would be into it. Maybe this is too much for you but one night Theo and I did this boss and employee roleplay. He was an animal.”

Laura looked down at her food as she cut another piece, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment as she remembered that night. Silence came back over the two as they both ate, their meals dwindling on their plate. Jennifer cut into her last meatball. Pushing the meat to the side in her mouth she stated

“I don’t want that though. I…really want what you have.” She finished chewing “And I can’t.”

“A man?” Laura looked confused

“Kids.”

“It’s a lot of work-”

“But isn’t it fulfilling? Sure I’m positive you have your troubles, but Jess is about to go to college, and Amanda I’m sure will do fine.”

Laura laughed “Here’s why you don’t want kids. Do you know what Amanda did to me last night?”

Jennifer took a sip from her sparkling water. “Do tell”

“So I had a ton of errands to run yesterday. Nothing special, just a lot.” Laura took finished the rest of her wine. “About halfway through, I had to pee.”

Jennifer laughed awkwardly at her friends candid nature. Laura continued

“I get home, start cooking. I figured I’d just go after I got dinner ready, the girls usually take their time when I call them anyway, you know? Of course, this time they were ready immediately. And Maybe its my fault, I could have gone before we started but I guess I just didn’t feel like it.”

Laura finished her eggplant. She took another drink of water, paused, and took another drink, emptying the glass.

“Anyway, I was about to get up and go when Theo called. So then of course I answer like a good wife. But the whole time I’m like: okay, I’ve got to pee. Then of course, Jess starts washing the dishes and I felt like I was about to pee my pants.”

Their waiter came by to refill Laura’s water. He seemed a little embarrassed as he picked up the tail end of their conversation. Jennifer noticed his blush and added

“Maybe watch how much you give her!”

The two friends laughed and Jennifer grabbed his arm lightly, which he pulled away from.

“Would you two ladies like any dessert?”

“No, we’re on a time thing. Can we actually just get the check?” Laura looked at her phone as the waiter nodded and left

“Yeah, I got to pick up the girls in like twenty.”

Jennifer motioned for her to continue her story “So you peed your pants last night-”

“No, I felt like I was going to. I didn’t. Anyway, I’m talking to Theo and Jess finishes the dishes, whatever. Then she gets in the bathroom and I’m thinking, oh great.”

The waiter placed the check down in the middle of the table and left

“I get off the phone, go up the bathroom and Amanda is standing there too. Now, we have a thin door, so-” She leaned over the table, and Jennifer instinctively leaned in as well. In a whisper, Laura added “we can hear Jess peeing”.

As she pulled back from the table, Laura cleared her throat. It was a little embarrassing

“Anyway, at this point I’m struggling, and I’m basically holding myself. So I say to Amanda ‘sweetheart, mom’s going next’. And I can see her roll her eyes but she doesn’t say anything. So I go in next and Jessica comes out.”

The waiter took the check along with Jennifer’s credit card. She paid for the entire meal.

“I get in there, I finally start going, and you know how it feels when you wait a long time and then finally get to go.”

Jennifer nodded and raised her eyebrows “Sounds familiar” she chuckled to herself

“Alright so I’m going and I hear Amanda, complaining about me through that door. She ends up arguing with me while I’m peeing. Like its coming out of me, and I’m having to tell her that I can’t wait forever. Like does she think that once I become a mom I don’t have to pee ever again?”

Jennifer smiled. Laura continued

“She tells me that I’m over dramatic and that I can wait a few extra minutes for her, and that I ‘always do this to her’. Like, what does she know?”

Jennifer shrugged “Maybe she has a point.”

“How?”

“I mean, you could have gone while you were out. You didn’t need to wait until you got home.”

“Ugh. No, I hate public bathrooms. I think I’d rather pee in my pants than use one. If you ever hear me even suggest it, it probably means it’s too late already.”

“So how does all this make me not want to have kids?”

“I don’t know. You don’t have to deal with all of this I guess.”

“That it? That’s the reason?”

Laura shrugged “No, I love them both. It’s just exhausting sometimes. Speaking of which-” She looked at her phone “I gotta pick up Jess and her friend.”

The two friends stood and gave each other a hug, Laura added

“Thanks for lunch. We should do this more often!”

“We really should!”

The two stood awkwardly for a moment, Laura expecting Jennifer to walk out with her, but Jennifer admitted

“Oh, I um…have to go again. And I’m not going to drive through that construction. Call me when you guys get home!”

The two gave each other a good bye and parted for the day. Jennifer walked back towards the restroom for the second time that day, and Laura walked to the front door. As she stepped out into the late spring sunlight, she was glad they were seated when they did.

A line of people were either sitting on the provided benches or standing in front of the podium to check reservations. The same hostess that had seated them was standing behind it, her legs jittered as she read back the last name of whoever was next in line. Laura thought nothing of it as she walked to her car and climbed back in. Full of her favorite food and thoroughly hydrated, she was ready to hit the road.

###############################

With a bundle of clothes on each arm, both Jessica and Aubry waited in line for the changing rooms to open up. Aubry no longer felt like she had to go. Distracted by shopping and the prospect of a new outfit, her minor need was pushed to the side. A door opened and Jessica went in first, a bundle of short but conservative clothes in her arms. The next door that opened went to Aubry.

Closing the door behind her, Aubry set her clothes down on the bench and took her top off. Her noticeably large breasts were hidden behind her red bra. She tried on a white sleeveless top first. She liked it, but the red of her bra poked through. She could only imagine how incredulous her mother would be if she saw her wearing it. She put it in the “buy” pile.

Jessica looked around nervously for a camera. The thought that the mall even allowed security cameras to point into the changing rooms made her uncomfortable. Leaving her top on, she used her hands and the mirror to check the dimensions of the T-shirt. It was grey, and went well with the dark denim jeans she was currently wearing. She decided to buy it.

Aubry was down to her last potential purchase. A pair of short jeans. They were light, and didn’t go much farther down than her thighs. Her small butt was covered completely, but just barely. They were a tight fit, and she could feel them digging into her waistline. But they were tight, nearly looked painted on, and that’s what she wanted.

As Aubry stepped out of the changing room with her new outfit, she felt the urge to pee come back. Still subtle, it was a reminder that she needed to ease the building liquid in her bladder. The tight shorts weren’t helping. She met Jessica and the two walked towards the cashier.

“Wow. Those are…short.” Jessica commented

“I know. I love them!”

“But won’t people stare?”

Aubrey smiled as she walked towards the counter “Maybe I want them to.”

Unlike the first time, the feeling of a filling bladder was not leaving Aubry. She attributed it to her new shorts. Whatever the cause was, she knew that she should go before they left for the game. As she and Jessica paid and left the clothing store, she started to walk towards the restrooms that were right next to the food court. Jessica looked down at her phone

“If we’re going to eat anything, we need to now. Mom’s already on her way.”

“Um…okay.”

Aubry glanced over to the restrooms, a small but manageable line out front. She hadn’t eaten yet, and lunch sounded just as enticing.

The two split, Jessica ventured over to an Asian restaurant and Aubry went towards the only eatery that claimed to have food that was somewhat healthy. She stood in line tapping her foot and distracting herself with her phone, the dull urge to use the restroom staying with her.

Jessica was the first one to find a table. As she sipped her iced tea and took ravenous bites of her food, she couldn’t help but look at her longtime friend waiting in line. Her new shorts were not something that Jessica would ever wear herself, nor would she have expected Aubry to wear them. Her own jeans were tighter than she would have normally worn, but she figured that the dark color stood out less. Eventually, Aubry came over with her food, a salad and a water bottle. The plastic bottle was dwarfed by Jessica’s large plastic cup.

“Water and a salad? I thought you said you were hungry?”

“I am. But I’m calorie cutting, so this is the best I can do.”

“Calorie cutting?” Jessica worried

“Yeah. Got down to about a thousand a day.”

“Isn’t that a little unhealthy?”

“I’ve been fat. That’s unhealthy too.”

“I read-”

Aubry put her hand up. Obviously, Jessica had struck a nerve.

“I know. My mother says the same thing every time. But I’m not being unhealthy. I just don’t eat anything but lunch.”

“That is unhealthy.”

“No it isn’t. Not if you do it right.”

The two were quiet. Jessica took a long sip from her drink, the fluid still amounting to much more than Aubry’s water bottle. Aubry continued

“Besides. I’m having a hot dog, a pretzel and a soda at the game. I can’t pig out now.”

“I just don’t get why you’re starving yourself.”

“I’m not! Besides, I like being healthy. People pay attention to me now, especially boys. Did you see the guy behind the counter?”

“Oh that creep would have looked at any girl like that. And you did that whole show, of course he was looking at you!”

“But it’s not just him. Guys hold the door open for me. Even girls at school are nicer.”

“Is that why you started sitting with that cheerleader at lunch?”

“Jamie? N-no. We just started studying together. That’s all!” Aubry blushed, her white skin turning a light shade of red “Look, can we talk about something else? I hated being fat, and I like feeling human again. That’s all.”

Unsure why her friend was so defensive, Jessica backed off and took another long drink from her iced tea. Aubry did the same with her water. Jessica’s phone buzzed as she received a text from her mother.

“Woah! Mom’s gonna be here in like 5. We gotta go!” Jessica scrambled to finish the last of her lunch and downed the rest of her tea.

“Ok, let me just-”

Jessica started to pack up her things. “We don’t have time, the entrance is on the other side!”

Aubrey followed suit, tossing the rest of her salad into the trash and downing her water bottle in one gulp. She walked quickly to catch up to her friend, taking a glance at the line for the restroom as they passed it.

This is a bad idea she thought

#############################

As Laura swung the car around the entrance to the mall, she scanned the crowd for her daughter. She couldn’t see either of them, and decided to stop the car in the large circular driveway. She briefly searched around the clean car for her phone, before grabbing it off of the passenger seat. Looking up she saw her daughter and her friend leaving the mall. She was proud of Jessica for being on time for once and smiled as she watched her daughter throw a large plastic cup into the garbage and make their way to the car.

“Right on time girls!”

“Hey Mrs. F!” Aubry gave a chipper greeting as she climbed into the car, Jessica climbed in the other side

“Hi Aubry. You look ready!” Luara started to drive as the two friends put their seatbelts on

“Just got the hat today. I was telling Jess that there’s nothing like a baseball game. You ready?”

Laura smiled at the girls enthusiasm “Of course. I like your top by the way.”

Aubrey smiled back without saying a word. Without Laura noticing, she elbowed Jessica as if to say I told you so. As they drove away from the mall, Aubry studied Laura. Her yellow pants stood out and contrasted well with her white sleeveless blouse. Concededly, or perhaps for another reason, Aubry glanced at the older woman’s chest, then to Jessica's. Whether it was out of a sense of superiority, a opportunity to get her mind off of her growing need to pee, or something else entirely, she didn’t know. Whatever it was, it helped distract her for the moment.

“Something different about hotdogs and pretzels at a ballgame, you know?”

No one responded. Aubry sat, she looking out the back window. Time had passed, but exactly how much, she didn’t know. The towns, trees and fields that they passed all blended together. The only constant was the building pressure in her bladder. It reprimanded her for keeping quiet in the mall. Aubry expressed her regret with a sigh

“I should have peed at the mall.”

Jessica looked over to her friend

“Mom, are we gonna stop anywhere?”

Aubry jumped in, her love for sports still overriding her anatomical need

“No, I’d rather be there for the whole game. Don’t feel like you need to stop for me.”

Laura looked in the rearview mirror. Aubry didn’t look all that distressed aside from her swinging legs in the back seat. She glanced at her daughter, who seemed to be more interested in whatever was out of the window than stopping. Still, Laura wanted to give them the opportunity.

“Are you sure Aubry? It’s going to be twenty or so minutes.”

“Yeah, no, I’ll be fine. Might have to find a bush or something after the game.”

Jessica whipped her head away from the window, her mouth agape at such a suggestion. Aubry gave more context

“Hardly any of the stalls have doors. I’d really only use one if I had to.”

“No doors?”

The very idea seemed to make Jessica squirm in her seat. Gently, she place a hand against her crotch

“Is that even allowed? That has to be a rumor or something.”

“Uh, no.” Aubry laughed awkwardly “I um…have firsthand experience.”

Jessica’s eyes went wide “How is that even allowed? Don’t we have some right to privacy?”

“I think they did it after that woman got alcohol poisoning. Maybe it’s like a safety thing?”

Jessica squirmed and crossed her legs in her seat, it went unnoticed by everyone else in the car

“So like…everyone watched you pee?”

“Well no, it wasn’t me.” Aubrey sighed “It was my mom. She had said that she needed to go before the game started, and we waited forever in line. Like long enough to miss the National Anthem and the first pitch.”

“How did you miss the first pitch and all of that because of her?” Laura asked from her driver’s seat

“I said because we were waiting in that big long line.”

“She made you wait in line too?”

“Well no. I...had to go too.” Aubry shifted in her seat, remembering the event. “But when we got to the stall, only like one or two of them had doors.”

The conversation seemed to end. Neither Laura nor Jessica needed to hear that much more of the story. Especially Jessica, who was privately starting to regret not going at the mall as well. Aubry’s warning about the stalls without doors didn’t sit well with her either. It was bad enough that their bathroom at their home had a thin door, but the prospect of other people directly seeing her was a predicament she did not want to be a part of.

“Mom, are you sure we shouldn’t stop?”

Aubry interjected, she sounded agitated “No! The fact that we have to be back to your house by 6:30 means we probably should leave in the 7th inning. I don’t want to miss anything. I’ll be fine. Just forget it.”

Despite her verbal protests, Aubry’s bladder would have preferred them stopping. Gone was the gentle and occasional nudge from a slightly full bladder and its place was the constant pressure of a distressed abdomen. Aubry rubbed her stomach, just above her bladder, and jittered her exposed legs. She promised herself she be fine. She was strong. This was nothing.

“Wow, Jen wasn’t kidding” Laura gave a low whistle.

Construction had the lane in the other direction nearly at a dead stop. The few cars that were moving were doing so slowly as drivers cut each other off and maneuvered their way around the dwindling lanes. Aubry cringed as they passed another exit. You’ll be fine. A hotdog, pretzel and a soda. You’ll forget all about it. You’re fine.

Aubry’s fears were quelled as soon as the car pulled into the stadium parking lot. As she excitedly took in the sights and sounds of the crowd around her, the dull ache of her annoyed bladder evaporated. Or, at least it felt that way. As soon as Laura turned off the car, she hopped out, and waited for Jessica to join her. The two friends were in lockstep, Laura tailing behind as they went through security. For as much as Aubry’s excitement had numbed her, Jessica hadn’t felt the same effect. She was starting to feel the weight of her bladder against her privates as they walked up the huge concrete steps towards their seats.

As they reached the floor that housed the multiple entrances to the stadium seats, Aubry felt someone grab her arm. It was Jessica’s Mom.

“Aubry honey, I’ll get you that hot dog and pretzel you mentioned. Why don’t you and Jess go find our seats?”

Aubry nodded, Mrs. Freeland seemed to be alluding to more. She stayed put for a movement, and her friend’s mom spoke again

“And maybe use the restroom if you get a chance?”

You’re not my mother Aubry kept the thought to herself, and nodded instead. Following the advice, she set out to find the nearest restroom while Jessica went to find their seats.

It wasn’t hard to navigate the crowds to find the restroom. The challenge came from waiting in the line that was present. A sizeable portion of the wall closest to the bathroom entrance for the ladies was covered in women of all stripes waiting their turn for relief. Aubry joined in at the tail end, her unhappy bladder notifying her of her condition. Time also reminded her that her last visit to the bathroom was hours ago, and while that wouldn’t have been a problem if she had been drinking normally, the drinks she had downed had been processed. If her bladder was at this point in its fullness normally, she would have voided it at this point. But this wasn’t a normal day.

With a sigh, Aubry folded her arms. She placed them just below her chest. She could feel her boobs on her forearms. She tapped her foot. Waiting was the worst part. Just the idea that she would get relief soon was enough to send her bladder into an involuntary spasm. She held on. Crossing her legs, she began to bob up and down.

The line was moving at a glacier speed. It was helped quickly by a trio of girls darting out of line and heading for the men’s room. One of them had her hands jammed into the crotch of her olive shorts. They talked to a few of the men who were waiting in their own line, though it was considerably shorter than the ladies, and the men called forward

“Ladies coming through!”

Some of the men cheered. A few whistled and the three girls seemed to be having fun with it. Aubry briefly thought about going over there herself. She decided against it, the thought of peeing in a room full of guys was a little much for her. Peeing in front of someone might be hot though. She chased the thought away. What on earth are you thinking? She crossed her legs.

Just then, the announcement came over the loudspeaker that the anthem and first pitch were about to be thrown. Still guided by her love for sports and the outdoors, Aubry left the line. She decided to hold it.

###############

They were uncomfortable plastic seats, and as Jessica sat in them, she could feel the waist of her jeans cutting into her filling bladder. She should have peed, she knew that. But as Aubry took the seat next to her, and her mother took the seat closest to the isle, Jessica felt trapped and locked into her decision.

The first two innings were quick. Each team had one hit between them. It gave Aubry time to take in the game and perhaps more importantly, put aside her throbbing bladder. Jessica, who was less interested in the game, was not nearly as distracted. The large iced tea and other drinks she had consumed at the mall were catching up with her. She rubbed her thighs with her hands, trying to remain inconspicuous. Getting up to go would require her mother and friend to stand up, and she wasn’t willing to risk the social niceties yet.

Aubry couldn’t help but shift and cross her legs in another way. She felt bloated; heavy even, and she had no idea how long the third inning had been. She felt as though her interest had waned, as she was now focused almost entirely on holding back her floodwaters. Despite her shifting and squirming, Aubrey was starting to hold herself, occasionally clutching and grabbing at her privates. Hoping that her pelvic exercises would save her, she squeezed and contracted her walls in hopes that they could do the trick. She was sure her tight pants were showing off these contractions. But she was confident that others wouldn’t notice. She felt a presence next to her. It was Jessica’s mom leaning over to whisper

“I hate using public bathrooms”

What does that mean? Does she know that I have to go? Aubry looked over at her friends mom Maybe she needs to pee too? It didn’t look that way. Jessica’s mother was as stiff as a statue, focusing on the game. The crowd cheered as the pitcher walked the batter, putting a second man on base. Aubry tried to pay attention to the game, but her bladder had waited long enough. It was starting to dominate her thoughts, telling her to go now. Aubry declined, instead trying to turn her attention to the game.

By the time there were two outs in the fourth inning, Aubry was struggling. The full brunt of her actions were bearing down on her now tender bladder. It felt stretched, starting to ache. She curled her toes, visible in her sandals. Gritting her teeth, she forced herself to focus on the game at hand.

Aubry’s eyes darted back and forth. She wanted to focus on the players. Their numbers, their names. Their muscles. Anything. Aubry was probably sweating as much as they were. Her legs jittered. Sometimes subtly, sometimes with and extra bounce. She could feel her pee pressing right up against her slit. Both her hands were grabbing the edges of her shorts, Aubry was trying anything to keep control of her body.

“Is it really true about the bathrooms not having any doors?”

Aubry looked at Jessica, her friend clearly asking for her own need. Jessica was bent forward, her balled up fist dug right into the crotch of her dark jeans. Aubry was too desperate to respond

“Yes.”

The voice came from behind them. A blonde woman they didn’t know was resting her head on her boyfriend. She seemed friendly enough. With a confused look, he looked at her

“So people saw you when…”

“Only other women. But yeah, no hiding anything.”

“Damn, that’s so hot.” He said flirtatiously

The two gave each other a quick smooch and went back to watching the game, both with a smile. Jessica was no so enticed. As Aubry squirmed and shook next to her, Jessica’s own steadily filling bladder was taking its toll. The fifth inning was starting. She reminded herself that Aubry had mentioned leaving in the seventh. Jessica was starting to think she could make it.

Having lost track of time, Aubrey’s mind could only concentrate on one thing and that was not releasing her pee. Of all the times she had been desperate in her life, she couldn’t think of one that was worse. It hurt. Don’t pee. Don’t pee. Don’t pee. Don’t pee. I really have to pee. The same two phrases dominated Aubrey’s mind. Desperately, she checked the scoreboard. She tried to tell herself that her love for the sport was greater than her physical need. It should almost be over. She waited; trying to be soak in every second. Trying to hold it. She didn’t want to be like her Mom. Aubry remembered her mother desperately in her seat. She wasn’t going to be like that. She stayed seated for another moment. Was it two minutes? One? Five? She didn’t know anymore. She couldn’t take it. Legs still crossed, she gingerly stood up.

The pressure was nearly too much. The weight of her overfilled bladder was compounded by gravity pulling down on her swollen organ. The tightness she felt could only be offset by grabbing a hold of her crotch as tight as she could. She crossed her legs, every limb and muscle, every fiber of her being was in force to prevent a deluge of hot pee from running into her shorts.

“P-please m-m-Mrs. Freedland…I-i-I have to pee…” Her voice was a labored whisper.

Jessica’s mom stood to allow the struggling girl the opportunity to get up from her seat. Jessica followed, desperate, but not nearly as bad as her friend.

Aubrey couldn’t stand up straight. Her slow movement held the two back. Keeping her eyes focused on the top of the stairs that housed the route to her rescue helped Aubrey concentrate on holding it. In a hunched over state, she waded her way through the throngs of people. She wasn’t even sure where they were going. To the top of the stairs. Progress. Aubrey saw the bathroom lines. They were still long. A cauldron of emotions gripped her. Fear, worry, embarrassment. She shook in place. Looking at her friend, Aubry was nearly in tears

“I’m not going to make it…”

Jessica looked at her friend, her watery, teary eyes told the whole story. Aubrey could only manage a loud exhale. She sucked her breath in. Trying to stand up as straight as her swollen abdomen would allow. Her bladder felt like a stone. It was pushing up against her tight jean shorts.

Jessica was desperate. But her only concern right now was for Aubrey. The poor woman was staring down the slow line. Out of sympathy, Jessica walked by her shaking friend and asked the trio of girls in front of them

“I hate to ask” She stammered “But can my friend cut you?” Jessica’s own legs were crossed as she spoke

“Uhh…” The brunette leader of the three girls looked at Jessica first, her expression changing to one of shock when she saw Aubry “Oh! Oh my gosh, sure! A-are you ok?”

Aubry was too desperate to speak, her mind caring only about controlling her bladder. She inched forward, the agony of her burning bladder was nearly too much. She felt a spurt of pee escape. It rushed into her panties. It was warm. Tantalizing the rest of her pent up pee. Another step, another spurt. Aubry stopped walking. She clutched the edges of her jean shorts, they cut off a few inches down her thigh. Her hands had no idea what to do, her brain short circuiting from the pressure and weight of her full bladder. She shook, her legs not willing to move.

“I-Jess…I’m s-sor-ry…”

Aubry’s muscles were in a mutiny, not willing to listen to the orders her brain was giving. It was too much.

A quiet moan escaped Aubry’s lips. She grabbed the end of her shorts. Arms straight. Her legs were as stiff as a statue. Time seemed to slow. It wasn’t real. None of this was. It couldn’t be. It shouldn’t be. For as slowly as she perceived everyone around her, she was shocked at how fast it happened. Her panties had suddenly felt warm. Then there was the splattering of her hot piss smacking the concrete. It was loudest thing in the stadium. Or at least, it was to Aubry. She could feel the spreading warmth around her crotch. It cut down to both her legs, and soon was cascading down each of them. She thought about trying to stop, but the relief was too much. 

A dull hiss was emanating from her crotch. Her snatch was dumping an entirely full bladder into her shorts and panties. The seat of her shorts felt warm, she could feel it soak the backs of her legs. The rushing, splattering pee had reached her feet. With great speed, her flowing piss created a puddle underneath Aubry. It poured over her feet and into sandals, waterlogging them, and poured out onto the concrete ground. A shiver ran down the length of Aubry’s spine. Her legs began to twitch at the warmth and relief from holding it for so long. As her pussy continued to push warm pee into her panties, Aubry became acutely aware of her finally deflating bladder. She could only exhale as she marinated in the relief.

Jessica could only watch in horror as her friend peed in her shorts. It was much quicker than she could have imagined. She almost didn’t want to believe it was happening. The quick dark stain on her light shorts quickly bloomed over her friends crotch. It was as if a showerhead had been jammed down her friends shorts. As Aubry continued to pee, it only got worse. She was moaning and whimpering, her legs wiggling as they were drenched in clear, hot pee. The puddle expanded, and the three girls backed away, their faces plastered with a shocked expression. Jessica’s own bladder relented in sympathy, shooting a quick jet of hot pee into her panties. She grabbed her own crotch as Aubry’s accident started to come to a close.

That’s when Aubry started to hear the voices.

“Peed her pants…”

“Did you see that?”

She didn’t want to open her eyes. She didn’t want to know who saw. She heard whispers, gasps. One of the three strangers started laughing. It cut harsher than any knife. She could feel the puddle she was standing in. Her legs were warm, and her crotch warmer. She couldn’t tell what was sweat and what was piss. She opened one eye. It was real. All of it. She was standing in a puddle of her own pee not more than an inch deep. It had splattered onto the backs of her heels. Her toes were wiggling, bathing in the now cooling sensation.

#####################

Laura sat with one leg over the other. She was enjoying the sun and her time. Her phone buzzed. It was her daughter

Get up here now!

The worst thoughts entered Laura’s mind. Was there an emergency? Was someone sick? Even worse thoughts continued to occupy her mind as she climbed the stairs. What she didn’t expect was to see Aubry, a girl about to go to college, standing in a puddle, her shorts soaked in pee. It had clearly started at her crotch, and from the back, had soaked both of her butt cheeks in two wide streaks down the back of her legs. She could hear people laughing at her expense, and if they weren’t, their shocked faces gave away their thoughts. Laura jogged up to Aubry, and gave her a hug with just an arm

“C’mon, we’re leaving now.”

“But I really need to go too!” Jessica added

“You can wait.”

“Traffic’s going to be bad mom. Are you sure we can’t just wait so I can go?”

“Jess, you’re not the only one who needs to pee, ok? But do you really want to make your friend a spectacle right now?”

Jessica looked at Aubry’s pants and her puddle. Her friend looked forlorn, like she was about to cry. Jessica shook her head.

“Can we at least stop on the way?” She could feel the wetness from her earlier leak “Please?”

“Fine.”

Laura knew they had time, and she wasn’t about to make her daughter wait. As they walked back towards the car, she could feel her own bladder asking to stop on the way back too. She hadn’t gone at the restaurant, and certainly avoided going at the stadium. She hated public restrooms, and all that would be available on the way back were gas stations. Laura would wait if she could.

Aubry could feel her now cold legs react to the wind. Whatever piss that hadn’t dropped into her puddle, or dribble down her legs as she walked had now stuck to her. She left small wet footprints behind as her sandals squeaked. She could feel other people’s eyes. They were glued to her. She was too old to be wetting her pants. She knew that. She wanted to hide her shame, and she couldn’t. Still locked in a one-armed hug by her friends mom, she knew how juvenile she looked.

The three climbed into the car, Aubry wincing as she sat down. She felt the cold of her now clammy panties around her privacy. Her freezing cold shorts clung to her. She reached into her back pocket as Laura started the car. Her phone was wet. Her pee had soaked though the denim of her shorts and wet the top half of the screen.

“Even my phone is wet”

Aubry started to laugh, Jessica did so nervously. Quickly Aubry’s laughter turned to tears. She started to cry

“I-I-I just couldn’t wait anymore! This is all my fault!”

“Aww, Aubry, its ok honey.” Laura tried to help

Jessica rubbed her friends back, stoking it as she tried to console her.

“It’s ok Aubry, accidents happen.”

“Not at this age! I’m so stupid!”

Jessica gave her friend a hug as she sniffled and whined. The two didn’t say a word between them as Jessica tried to calm her down. All she could do was hold her. Even despite her own need, she could only think about helping Aubry. Exactly how to do so, she wasn’t sure. The two must have held their embrace for a while. Jessica wasn’t sure how long, but she could feel her own pee sloshing around inside her. She tightened her muscles, holding it. Aubry was still sniffling, but her sobbing had quieted

I should have peed. I really should have been more forceful. Jessica had begun to regret her meek nature as she crossed her legs. Aubry had quieted down, but all that meant was that Jessica was now focused on her own bladder. She bobbed her feet on each foot.

“Mom, can we stop at a gas station real soon? I wasn’t kidding, I really got to go too.”

“Yeah, sure Jess. Just wait a little longer, I want to get further down the highway.”

The three went silent, both Laura and Jessica focusing on holding it, though Jessica was being more expressive. Aubry had started to scroll through her phone, her energy much more mellow than it had been.

“Hey guys…my mom texted me a while back.”

No response as mother and daughter started to focus more on their own bladders. Aubry continued

“She’s going to be picking me up from your place at 6 instead.”

Jessica swallowed hard, her bladder not liking the situation. Laura felt the same. They were quiet at first but Laura had to deliver the news.

“Jess. Honey…I don’t think we can stop. We’re going to be home right then as it is.”

“Mom, please. I don’t think I can wait that long.”

“I know sweetie, I know. Can you at least try to hold it?”

Jessica turned to her friend, no afraid for herself.

“Can you like, ask your mom to pick you up later?”

Aubry nodded and sent a text.

############################

Jessica tried. She tried to sit still and ignore it. There had been no response from Aubry’s mother. The red lights and long car lines of the construction traffic intimidated her. She squirmed in her seat, pressing her hand against her crotch. Jessica kept catching glimpses of her friends soaked shorts. In a way she was jealous. Her friend didn’t have to struggle. She didn’t have to worry. But Jessica was holding on to a full bladder. One she had now been nursing since they left the mall. The iced tea and water she had consumed needed to make their way out, and by plunging headfirst into the traffic they knew was going to exist only served to anger her bladder.

Laura didn’t want to admit it, but she was in the same position. The wine and water had gone down easy at lunch, but the game and now the drive was a new obstacle. Given her need to use the pedals alertly, she couldn’t cross her legs. Out of a desire to maintain her composure, she refused to hold herself. But her bladder was full. Taut with the strain of holding a full bladder, her anxiety was starting to take hold. It wasn’t the fullness of her bladder that she feared the most, but the mental battle with herself that she was unprepared for. She had felt it before. She was used to holding it to get home. After all, Laura had made it her mantra to ignore public bathrooms. This was starting to feel different. She clenched harder as she stepped on the brake, hoping she still had enough strength in her most private parts to hold back the brewing water and wine in her filling bladder.

Jessica had been seeing red for too long. She had read the back of the trailer too many times. She had checked her social media feed, refreshing and refreshing, anything to keep her mind off of one very obvious predicament. She had to pee. Made worse by the fact that she had waited so long already. She pulled up her jeans inadvertently giving herself a cameltoe. Placing her hand over her now outlined genitals, Jessica continued to bare the pain until they could reach home. Hopefully.

As they inched forward in traffic, a blue sign taunted her on the shoulder of the highway. It promised a number of stops. All with bathrooms. Just a mile and a half. Laura didn’t notice as she fought back her first wave of desperation. A sign that her battle was worse that she outwardly showed. Jessica made sure she knew about it.

“Mom please! It hurts. I-I don’t think I can make it home.”

“Honey, just tell yourself you can. We have to hold it!”

Jessica tried to lie to herself. With another denial and slow moving traffic, she knew she was in for a fight. A moistness in her panties she had felt before. Not wanting to look, but needing to look, she gently took her hand away. A small patch, not larger than a penny, had formed on her jeans. It wasn’t much damage, but enough to tell her that her full bladder was not to be trifled with. An enemy that was more than capable of tearing through her tightly bound defenses. Jessica was stating to leak.

It was when they reached the advertised exit that Jessica began to rock back and forth in her seat. One hand firmly pressing into her crotch, the other was snaked around her backside, and held her tender slit from the back. What had started at the size of a penny, was now more comparable to a quarter. Jessica’s logical mind had begun to slip away. She started to look for something, anything in the car she could pee into. Scrambling, she looked around. Their bags from shopping were in the trunk, and her mother kept the car clean. She closed her eyes, tightening her grip and hoping that somehow, someway, she could find relief.

“M-mom…can…is there a-a-a cup or something?”

Laura balked at the idea. Her daughter? Peeing in a cup? She hated it. But they didn’t have many options. She looked around. Nothing.

“Dear, I’m sorry, I don’t see anything.”

“I-I need to pee!” Jessica was distraught. She wanted to cry.

“Me too baby, me too.” Jessica probably couldn’t see it, but her mother was also holding her crotch.

Every drop produced from her drinks that morning had filled her ballooning bladder. She was not as desperate as her daughter, but she could feel it was close to bursting. An acute ache that made her abdomen hard, pounded and pushed against Laura’s peehole. A sudden pain. A sharp wave of desperation washed over the tired mother. Harder than before, she leaned forward, a low moan escaping her lips.

“M-mrs. F, are you ok?” Aubry asked timidly

A slight hiss was Laura’s only response. She sucked in air, exhaled quickly, and moaned harder. She tried to respond to her daughter’s friend

“I-I-I-I…I’m fine. Don’t worry about me.”

She hadn’t leaked. But it wasn’t easy to hold it.

Jessica had never felt so insecure. Her stomach was bulging. It was as hard, tight with a force and a pressure that her 18 year-old mind could hardly comprehend. She was sure she had never had to go this badly in her life before. She felt sick. Clammy. Sweaty. She was starting to shake. Gasp. She felt like she was drowning in her own pent up urine. It hurt, worse than anything had ever hurt her before. She had stopped leaking.

Jessica had stayed dry as the car moved through traffic. Suddenly, she felt calm, collected. Her pants had cooled where she had leaked into them, and when they combined with her body heat, they created a dank, swampy environment around her crotch. She was fine when they drove past a sign that read construction ends 2 miles. She was fine as they changed lanes, and she was fine as the car started to speed up. Slightly. But like the eye of a storm, it wasn’t over. her bladder struck. Its final battle plan enacted.

It started as a pain in her back. Sharp, it forced Jessica to bend forward. Her hand firmly clutched her overworked genitals. She gasped, sucking air in. She shivered, feeling cold. If it wasn’t the pain, it was the shame of a familiar warm sensation that elicited a squeal from her lips. Jessica leaked. She stopped it. She leaked again, she stopped it. Despite her hunched over state and her strong grip on her crotch, she leaked again. She squealed. The leaks were becoming longer, more rapid. They slammed and struck her defenses again and again. There was nothing more she could do.

“Eeee!” She squealed “It’s coming out…”

Jessica was now the one wetting her pants. It started slow, and unlike Aubry’s wetting, it came in slow spurts. Jet after jet of hot pee ran into her panties and jeans

“Oh no! Honey!” Her mother sympathetically called from the front

“I…I told you I couldn’t hold it!” Jessica yelled.

A stream of urine as it made its way from her snatch and into her pants. From the crotch of her dark jeans to halfway down her thigh, there was an obvious stain. Jessica was still holding herself as each consecutive spray of urine into her pants warmed her hand. She gripped herself harder, hoping to stop the slow moving flow. A small puddle emerged from between her legs. As it grew in size, it began to saturate and soak into the seat as much as it did her pants. Jessica could feel a large warm patch around the seat of her pants as her hot urine began to pool in her jeans. Her defenses shattered, Jessica hung her head in defeat. Her spurting, spraying jets of warm pee began a constant stream as she let it go. She accepted it.

It was like a car wreck. As construction traffic began to die down, Aubry couldn’t help but watch her friend wet her pants. Intently, she put her hand on her friends thigh, slightly spreading her legs in curiosity. The small lake that had formed at the crotch of her dark jeans continued to inch forward. Despite the fact that Jessica was wearing pants, her stain didn’t appear to be any longer than Aubry’s, given that she was sitting down when it happened. Still, the pool of urine in her seat was crawling for the edge of the car seat.

Laura heard the tapping sound. She knew what it was, but she wanted it to be anything but that. Looking in the rearview mirror, she could see Jessica’s seat dripping with fresh pee. It was pouring onto the ground. Her daughters legs shook as Aubry gave her a hug. Their fun day out had turned into a nightmare. Trying to add levity to the situation, Laura offered

“Look honey, there’s the mall sign you hate so much. We’re almost home.”

“Yeah! And we’re out of that construction traffic. You almost made it Jess!” Aubry chimed in

“I…I told you I couldn’t hold it mom…I-I tried…”

“I know honey. I know. I’m not mad. I just…I hope I can make it.”

The tone of the conversation changed as Luara admitted just how bad her need was. It had been growing since the trio had left the ballgame, and after watching her daughter have an accident, it was even worse.

Jessica couldn’t believe it. She hadn’t had an accident for as long as she could remember. Here she was now, with soaked, now cooling pants in the back of her moms car. She swallowed hard, and looked at her friend. At least Aubry knew what it was like. Only worse. Aubry had an audience. Jessica just had her friends and family watch. She was thankful, in a way. She gave her friend another platonic hug, one that remained for a while.

Laura started driving with just one hand on the steering wheel and another jammed into her crotch. Needing just one foot for the pedals, her free leg also helped hold her now aching muff. Rather than just pressing against her pussy, her fingers were actively shoved against her labia, enough that Laura could feel the heat of her snatch against her fingers. As she dug in, she pushed her moist panties against her clit unintentionally, sending a wave of pleasure that temporarily overrode her desperation. Driving well over the speed limit, Laura took the back roads home, attempting to avoid any more delays the construction may have caused.

Another wave of desperation. This the strongest yet. Unlike the others, Laura didn’t feel a strong push against her genitals at first. Like a storm rolling over the hills, it began with a slow build of pressure. Then a shiver. It ran up her spine and tickled her already swollen abdomen. It attempted to coax more out of her. As Laura countered in earnest, she squeezed harder. Not just with her bladder muscles, but her hand as well. Still, the her desperation soared, and pressed against her opening, forcing its way towards her panties. Laura sucked air through her teeth from the pain of holding on. She began to exhale rapidly, attempting to make the pain go away. She burned, a searing pain radiated from her pee-hole as she tried to keep it closed. Warmth. She leaked again.

“Ahhh!” She began to shake, her muscles as tight as they could get

She stopped it. Then it started again. The small patch on her jeans was growing, expanding to cover her most sensitive areas. Laura finally regained control. It hurt, she leaned forward in pain. The waistband of her jeans dug into her aggravated abdomen. She felt bloated, slow. Undoing the button of her jeans was the only thing that stopped the dread of losing control, for now.

With her jeans unbuttoned, Laura could see the top of her panties. A small discolored patch was visible. It called to her, begging her to just let go. The other two already had. She denied herself. Laura looked back out the window. She saw landmarks she could recognize. Close to home. She was too desperate to do the math in her head of just how close. Laura was going to try and hold it. She had confidence in her ability to do so, she had done it before.

The cold hand of fear gripped Laura’s heart. It was the only coolness in her body. Spanning the length of her like a web, it felt heavy in her head. A weightless feeling enraptured her arms. Her hand held the steering wheel, if only barely. Nearly every brain function was focused on preventing her bladder from relaxing. She took a breath in. Then out. Focusing on the basics, her will was the only thing keeping her semi-dry as the car sped along the back roads. Laura felt sweaty, clammy and moist, her strained muscles were starting to produce a sweat which she wiped from her brow. 

She jittered her knees, unable to keep still. The small reprieve she had gotten from opening her yellow jeans was over. Her bladder swelled to fit the additional space quickly. The water and wine pushed again. Laura grew tense as she was stiff. Her knuckles white on the steering wheel. Her bladder felt like a rock, and she rubbed her free hand across the tense area, leaving her damp crotch exposed. It felt as though every muscle was active in a desperate struggle against herself.

Another cold shiver. Then a warm sensation in her panties. It was moist. Laura looked down. The small patch was now expanding. She was peeing her pants. She squealed, squeezing herself again with her hand, flapping her legs desperately, she nearly drove onto someone’s lawn. Moaning, squeaking, and squealing, she managed to get herself under control. If only barely. The inseam of her jeans were now dark, a contrasting color that told the world that Laura couldn’t control her bladder.

“You can do it Mrs.F!” Aubry called from the back seat

“Yeah mom! You can hold it! We believe in you!” Her daughter encouraged

They were soaked, defeated. But neither friend wanted to drag down Laura with them. They’d help her anyway they could.

The rest of the trip was a blur. Roads, stop signs, other traffic. It was all irrelevant as Laura sped down each neighborhood road. Finally, she reached her own. Her own driveway, and the ranch house built from bricks. It was non-descript, but it was hers.

Laura opened her door. Standing, she felt lightheaded. Holding herself, she felt her bladder weigh her down. It felt like she was carrying 100 pounds on her back, and her abdomen was tight, nearly pulling on her torso. A massive force rammed against her defenses.

“Ah! No! F-Ah! I can…Ah!”

Laura grunted and groaned as two fat, wide stains streaking down her legs. As they moved, they darkened her yellow jeans. The driveway below her began to show drops of excess urine as it fell off of the back of Laura’s jeans. They stopped as Laura used the last of her strength to hold on. She was wet down to her kneecaps. Unable to stand fully, she hinged her hips and held tightly onto her crotch, duck-walking to the front door. Jessica, her wet butt shining in the afternoon sun, darted for the door. She unlocked it, and Laura barged in.

Luara couldn’t believe her luck. So close. The bathroom door was right on her left as she sprinted past the kitchen and dining room. Her hand both dug into her privates, her unbuttoned yellow jeans nearly falling off. She reached for the door. Locked. She jiggled the handle. Locked. This couldn’t be. Not when she was so close.

“Oh my gosh Mom! One second, geez!”

“Baby please! Please open this door right now! I’m about to pee myself, please!” Laura could feel herself dribbling into her already wet panties

“You always do this! I literally just got out of the shower. Hang on.”

There was no hanging on. Laura was at her wits end. Her legs were wrapped around each other like a vine. She looked over at her daughter and her friend, both of them in wet pants. Laura’s voice cracked as she stuck her thumbs into the waistband of her jeans.

“Girls I-I’m sorry..”

With that, she pulled her wet pants and panties down where she stood. Both her daughter and her friend could see everything. In a moment they saw a fat stream of piss shoot straight out of her snatch. With a force matched only by the stiffness of the hardwood floor, a loud splatter rang throughout the home. Akin to rainwater, the only difference was the hissing mature pussy of Jessica’s mom above the straight line of urine. Unlike the puddle that Aubry had left at the stadium, Laura’s was not inhibited by her pants. There was no place for her excess water to run to. It nearly all fell right from her and onto the floor. As it started to form an inch deep puddle at her feet, Laura could nearly feel it running under her shoes. Warm drips and droplets were running down the backs of her thighs, on full display for all in the room.

Jessica had never seen her mother like this. She really didn’t want to again. She saw every detail that should have been private. She didn’t need to know that both her and her mother shave their privates, she didn’t need to know what color her panties were, and she certainly didn’t need to know that after two kids, her mother still looked as tight as she did. But now Jessica knew.

As Laura felt her bladder finally deflating, relaxing, and the tension of holding it all in dissipate, the reality of what she was doing set in. She was angry, mad that she was being forced to create an impressive puddle all over the floor. She smacked the bathroom door, piss still flowing out of her pussy.

“Do you have any idea what you’re making me do young lady? You are in big trouble!”

“What? What do you mean?” Amanda unlocked the door, her mouth agape at the scene

Her half nude mother had piss falling out of her snatch, her sister was wet at the crotch, and her friend had obviously had an accident. The front door was still open, and the puddle below told the rest of the story. Amanda could help but laugh

“Oh my gosh you’re peeing! And you too! You seriously wet yourselves?” She was still laughing as her mother finished

“Yeah, we did. And guess whose cleaning up this puddle?”

Amanda stopped laughing “You can’t be serious.”

“I am.” Her mother looked her dead in the eyes as she stopped peeing “And you know what?”

She stepped out of her pants and kicked them off before balling up her wet panties

“You get to do laundry.”

“That’s not fair!”

“Ugh. I need a shower.”

Laura didn’t argue with Amanda and instead left her puddle and wet clothes on the ground before entering the bathroom. Aubry didn’t know what to make of the situation. She had all of these feelings inside, things that she had never felt before. She had never seen another woman like that. She had never seen her friend wet herself before. It was all very confusing. But in time, she’d figure it out.

As Jessica turned to get her mothers things out of the car, she saw another vehicle pull into the driveway.

“Uhhh….Aubry, your parents are here!”

Not only would they have to explain themselves and the scene around them, but it was looking like it’d be awhile before Aubry would get to change. Worse still, she kind of had to pee again

A/N: As stated above, feel free to write your own stories that fit the theme and publish them here. Any size is fine, and all genders are ok. Just don't violate Omorashi Org TOS. If you want to simply DM and idea you want me to write, that is ok as well. Though I do have limits and the right to say no

*003*2023-09-12 15:36

{{2 hours ago, Impostor said:

Fantastic story, @knockonthedoor

! Hope one day @Gothes

Will illustrate a scene or two 😉

}}

Gothes has enough on their plate without needing to illustrate my silly little story. I appreciate the complement though! If there is any story that fits this thread that you might want to see written, feel free to comment or shoot me a DM.

*005*2023-09-13 15:17

{{1 minute ago, Gothes said:

Don't get your hopes up😅

}}

You certainly have my permission though.

But I'll pass this along to any other new or experienced artists in the community. If any of you have a scene based on my work here or something that comes to you and you want to post it here, go right ahead!

*006*2023-10-02 16:07

A Quick Casual Pee

Pushing past the occasional family and other mall shoppers, Christina followed her sister Sophie towards the meeting spot. They stopped near a wall, a corner store to their right and a shoe store down the hall to the left. Behind them was a break in the wall that created a small alleyway towards the bathrooms. Christiania didn’t notice her sister’s discreetly crossed legs, the only thought on her mind was hope that her sister would want to visit the restroom too.

“Mom said to meet her here, right?” Sophie asked

“Yeah. Oh, there she is.” Christina pointed and waived.

Their mother, clad in dark jeans and a white sleeveless top waived back. Carrying a shopping bag on the arm opposite of her dark purse, she was also sporting a new belt.

“Why’d you waive you dork?”

“Why not?”

“This is why you’re not cool.”

The girls mother approached them, a pleasant smile on her face.

“You two find anything you like?”

Sophia happily showed off her new bracelet, which her mother complemented, and Christina offered her new phone case. The girls mother showed them inside her bag. A new shirt, some pants and shoes. Clearly a successful trip.

“Should we head for home?”

Taking her opportunity, Christina brought up a more pressing need

“Actually, can we go to the bathroom? I…kind of have to pee.” She was still slightly embarrassed admitting it to her mother

Without hesitation their mother agreed, and led the two down the small ally towards the restrooms. Sophie, who was walking right beside Christina leaned towards her sister and whispered

“Thanks for saying something.”

The two followed their mother into the clean, large restroom. A number of stalls were on their right, and a row of sinks and mirrors were to the left. The girls were the only ones in the room.

Their mother took the first stall, closest to the door. Christina skipped the one closest to her mother and instead took the third stall. Sophie filled in the gap, taking the stall between her sister and her mother.

Despite reaching a stall first, the girls mother was busy putting her shopping bag and purse on the hooks inside the stall. The first to drop her pants was Christina. Unbuttoning and wiggling out of her high-waist yellow shorts, she stuck her thumbs in the waistline and pulled down her shorts and panties in one motion.

In short order, Christina’s stall was the first to erupt with a loud splash. Forcefully, her fresh urine splashed hard into the toilet bowl below her. As a smile crossed her face, an audible hiss accompanied the fast moving pee that was spraying out of her. It moved at a slight arc, wetting her young labia and soft genitals before splashing into the toilet below her. Oddly, she almost took pride in her assumption that her hissing snatch and loudly splashing toilet water would dominate the sounds of her family members. Christina heard the jingle of her mother’s belt and the rustle of her parent pulling down her jeans and panties

Whatever pride Christina could have taken in the strength and sound of her impressive stream was quickly dashed by the loud splashing stream emanating from her mother’s stall next to her. After letting out a sigh, Christina’s mom contracted her bladder muscles, and the strong stream of clear piss shooting out from her increased in speed.

Unlike her daughters, Christina’s mother didn’t sit down on the toilet seat. Instead, she was crouched in a partial squat, her butt hovering over the toilet bowl. Relief washed over. Having her daughters also going with her was good for her anxiety, though she’d never admit it. The force at which she was emptying her bladder caused fresh droplets of pee to splatter onto her thighs. Some of the clear liquid droplets had enough momentum to fall into the toilet seat below her, but most of them stuck to her soft skin. What the girls didn’t know, was that their mother shaved her privates, giving the splattering, spraying piss room to soak her mature womanly lips.

“Wow mom!” Christina commented “you were really waiting awhile, huh?”

Her mother chuckled at the awkward question, the sound of her and Christina’s stream still rushing as they spoke.

“Honey, we were shopping all afternoon.”

“Yeah but you didn’t even ask to stop. Were you just going to hold it all the way home?”

Her mother didn’t respond. While it was hard to hear over the impressive splashing and hissing sound emanating from Christina and her mother’s stall, Sophie was also starting to pee.

With her forearms resting on her thin thighs, the current sound in the room was as amplified with the addition of the sound of Sophie’s hot pee slipping past her labia and dripping into the toilet water. Quickly the dripping sound of her urine splashing into the toilet was replaced with the the constant splatter as it started to rush out of her. As Sophie peed, she looked at her phone. Not at anything in particular, but it helped pass the few seconds it was going to take to relieve herself. The sound of the splashing water in the toilet bowl was lost in the sounds . Below her, the water itself started to adopt a yellowish hue as Sophie’s pee added to the liquid already in the bowl.

The roaring stream of her Mother and Sister’s was finally starting to dissipate, giving way to the gentle trickle of Sophie’s stream could be heard. Sophie’s friend sent her a text, and rather than responding with a text of her own, she sent a quick video. First of the stall wall next to her, to highlight the noise of her Sister and Mother, then to her own pussy with piss still arcing out of it, before turning the phone around to her face. Making the peace sign with her fingers, she smled for the camera before sending the clip with a caption

Pee break!

“Sophie, are you nervous or something? It doesn’t seem like you had to go that bad.”

“Why are you listening to us pee?”

The fact of the matter was, Sophie was more interested in texting than rushing through her relief. But she wasn’t enjoying the feeling of her deflating bladder any less than her Mother or Sister.

“Just making small talk.”

“This is why you don’t have any friends.”

“Sophie!” Their mother exclaimed, the sounds of her flowing piss cutting off immediately “You don’t talk to you sister like that!”

Sophie rolled her eyes as her mother resumed peeing for another second or so before she was finally done.

Christina had also just finished, and was quietly dabbing herself dry with bits and squares of toilet paper. Her mother was doing the same, though she chose to shake dry first. Her butt jiggled slightly as she did so.

Sophie was the last one of the trio to finish peeing. Her phone buzzed, and she opted to sit on the toilet instead and drip into the bowl while she got a video back.

Same 🙂

Her friend also showed herself using the toilet before blowing the camera a kiss. Sophie couldn’t help but smile. It had been a good day.

A/N: I wrote this little short to see if it was possible to have a fun pee story without much desperation. I think it came out ok, but I'd love your thoughts. Up next we have two requests which were DM'd to me. If you have a story or idea that fit this anthology series, let me know!

