Blueberry Lemonade

Author: Kez

*000*2019-09-23 23:37

It was just at the start of summer... we’d just finished school and mum picked us up, but we went to do some shopping before going home… and I remember, because they had these blueberry lemonades on sale – and I don’t really like blueberry stuff that much but Kirsty loved them, and she had gone through like three of them – like, three full cups, before we were done. And they must have had so much sugar in them, because she was literally bouncing around as we were loading up the car and I honestly couldn’t tell if she needed a pee or if she was just hyper!

Well mum asked us if we had to pee before getting in the car because there was a huge queue to get out of the car park and Kirsty said no…

Uh… no, I said I didn’t as well… well, I did, but I didn’t really say anything… it was one of those, where, I figured if Kirsty could drink three lemonades and she could wait until she got home, and I only had like half of one… you know?

So we got in the car and joined the queue, and we just sat there – cause this queue was massive; like, it literally went from Tesco all the way to the end of the car park, because there was construction at the roundabout at the exit and they’d put temporary traffic lights up…

Oh, I know – they can’t leave anything alone! So we just sat there, and it was a hot day so we went to take our jumpers off…

Yeah, we still had our uniforms on.

Just like, a t-shirt and skirt.

Yeah, and I saw that Kirsty’s sort of… like, fidgeting about, and I figured it’s just down to the heat… and then finally she said she had to pee…

Ha! It was just like, “Mum, I need a wee.”

But mum just went off on one at her, because she asked before we left, and we were halfway to the exit by then, and she said that she shouldn’t have drank all those blueberry lemonades... So Kirsty has to hold it, and we were moving like a foot every few seconds…

Like an hour, at least! So we got to the lights, and they turned green and all the cars started going, and just as we got to ‘em they turned amber, and mum started to slow down…

I know! And there was this BMW behind us and he thought the same thing – and he just laid on his horn and swerved around us and just gunned it!

I honestly don’t blame him for that one, but mum had to slam on the brakes or we would have hit him!

Well, Kirsty started whispering something to mum and I didn’t really hear what they were saying at first… Mum said something like, “is it bad,” and Kirsty said, “just a little bit,”, and I didn’t know what they were talking about.

Mm-hmm, I think she did.

Well that’s the thing – she actually said so later on!

When we got out of the car park, and we were going through the town centre, she was practically begging mum to stop somewhere so she could use the toilet, and I didn’t get why because we were almost home and it would take us just as long to find somewhere else to stop… but she actually said something like, “I weed a little bit in my knickers”!

And I felt bad for her of course, ‘cause she was almost crying, but I was kinda confused at that point… because I’d peed myself before—

I mean just accidents I’d had as a kid before, you know? Like, times that I waited too long and just ended up doing it in my pants. And mum would always have a go at me for it, but now with Kirsty she was being all nice and stuff… like, “don’t worry, we’re almost home, you can hold it,”. And I was just sat there thinking, “But she just admitted that she peed in her knickers, why aren’t you mad at her?”

So… I figured that… maybe just a little bit of pee was ok?

Yeah, I actually kinda had to go at that point, because I was still drinking my own lemonade, but I wasn’t bursting. Like, I’d maybe cross my legs every now and then, but my knickers were still dry!

But we made it home before she actually properly peed herself. Like, as soon as we’d parked up she jumped out of the car and legged it inside. And yeah, I checked the seat… I couldn’t see anything. And then mum asked me to help get the shopping out of the car, so I did that, and then I had to get our jumpers and my lemonade and bring them inside too… and then she told me to go and get changed! And Kirsty was still in the toilet, so I went to our room…

I really needed a pee at this point, yeah. Like, I was bouncing around all over the place while I was taking my clothes off! And then Kirsty came into the room, and I saw that she’d taken her knickers off, and she threw them in the wash basket and said that she had to shower.

I know, I should have said I had to pee first!

Because I was curious! I wanted to see…

Exactly! So she grabbed some clean ones and went back to the bathroom, and I went over to the wash basket…

They were just plain white cotton ones. And they were pretty wet – like, the whole crotch and halfway up her bum was full of pee. So yeah, she peed herself a fair bit.

I don’t know, I didn’t actually touch it!

It was weird – like, it didn’t feel wrong or disgusting or anything. It was just… interesting. Just looking at them and thinking, “Wow, Kirsty really had to go so bad that she actually peed in her knickers!”

Mine were still dry… but then I heard the shower running, and oh god that did not help. I was actually on the verge of wetting myself at that point.

And so… I got the idea: what if I just peed a little bit in my knickers as well? ‘Cause Kirsty did and mum was ok with it… and if I did, I should have been able to hold the rest until she got out.

So I just spread my legs and… did a few spurts in my knickers.

It seemed like a good idea at the time! But you know how once you start…

Uh-huh. I tried to stop – like, I was holding myself with both hands, but it hurt so bad…. I knew I couldn’t hold it any longer, so I just jumped into the wash basket—

Ha, yeah! Into the wash basket!

I mean it was only a small one – one of those plastic ones you can easily step into…

It was just dirty clothes that were gonna get washed anyway!

It was literally the only thing I could think of – like, I knew it was about to come out, and I could either just stand there and pee on the carpet… or do it in the wash basket.

So yeah… I just stepped in the basket and squatted down and peed on all the clothes!

I just did it through my knickers. They were already wet anyway… I just didn’t bother taking them off.

It’s never really bothered me to be honest. It’s just pee! And my knickers never stay perfectly clean anyway… I mean, that’s what they’re for – right? Honestly, I was more worried about mum walking in on me while I was peeing in the laundry!

Nope, I don’t think she ever found out! I mean all those clothes must have stunk of pee, but she never said anything!

So when I’d finished I tried hide the wet clothes underneath some of the dry ones, but I kept my knickers on and just rubbed one of the shirts up against them to try and dry them off a little bit, because I wanted to go shower, and I figured... I could just wash them out at the same time. So I put some shorts on, and I snuck out of our room and went to the bathroom. Kirsty was still showering, but our bathroom door doesn’t have a lock so I knocked on and ask if I could come in, and she asked why and I just said I was bursting for a wee and I couldn’t hold it any longer.

I know, it was just incase mum was listening.

Yeah, she said I could come in, and I told her that actually I wanted to ask if I could join her... because we were young enough to still shower together. And I said it was because actually I already did it in my knickers, and I pulled my shorts down so she could see.

She was pretty surprised... but she’d basically just done the same thing herself, and she was pretty cool about it. So I took my shorts off and got in the bath with her.

And I said to her, “But don’t tell mum, ok?”

And she thought for a few seconds, and then asked, “Are you gonna drink the rest of your lemonade?”

