I Think my Boss Needs to Pee

Author: knockonthedoor

*000*2021-10-05 11:58

A/N: Some of these tags relate to part 2. This is my first story or this site so any feedback you might have on story improvements is not only welcome, but encouraged.

Mary-Ann laid still for a moment. Her morning alarm was blaring into her eardrums, but every muscle in her body wanted to stay in bed until she drifted back into sleep. She couldn’t. She wouldn’t. Today was the biggest day of her young carrier, and she’d be damned if she would oversleep today. She gingerly sat up, and switched off her alarm.

Still in the dark she stood up, mainly guided by instinct, as she shuffled towards the wall and felt around for the light switch. 4:30 felt like the darkest hour of the morning. She blinked rapidly in an attempt to adjust her eyes to the dark and took her long t-shirt off as she entered her bathroom. She tossed it in an opposite corner of the room and walked towards her toilet. Before she relived herself for the morning, she turned the shower on to let the water warm.

Opening the toilet lid and then quickly dropping her pink panties to the floor, she sat on the toilet, still groggy.

Mary-Ann yawned and started to pee. The sound of her slow stream hitting the toilet water was drowned out by rushing shower water, and she begun to twirl her shoulder length blonde hair. The last three years had been a total whirlwind. She had always thought her greatest asset was her ability to connect with people, but it had taken her until 24 to figure just how to use it. She had drifted between office jobs and secretarial roles, from barista to bartending, but she finally found her calling. She was a mortgage officer, and now at 27, was one of the top in the nation.

As her stream died down, she sat and dripped for a moment as she thought about her tasks for the day. She had been aggressive in the real estate market, flipping houses and even buying her first rental property last year. However, the income earned from the small complex was hardly worth the constant calls. At first, the tenants would call her directly and the previous owner had neglected the apartments. The calls never stopped, at all hours of the day and night, rodents, water heaters, showers and more had been replaced, repelled and repaired. She had hired a property manager to take the calls off of her plate, but whenever an issue arose, they called her before making a move, which delayed solutions and got in the way of her tenants’ lives.

Mary-Ann wiped, flushed and stepped into the shower. As she lathered her c-cup breasts and washed her body, she mentally prepared for the biggest meeting of her life. A chance to own her own mortgage company- and maybe even a bank in the future, she saw the pearl of her life before her. The 10- and 12-hour days, the early months of being commission-only, when she made less than minimum wage; it was all about to pay off. This last meeting was all that was in the way. It was more paperwork and disclosures and NDAs from her current company than anything else, all of the fun aspects of building a business had already been settled.

She stopped the water flow and stepped out of the shower. Drying her 5’ 10” frame was not an arduous task, but Mary-Ann was sure it took longer than most girls. She packed her gym clothes; a grey pair of spandex and a white top, and her office clothes. She quickly made her hair into a ponytail, walked her to the kitchen to fill her water bottle and left.

The twenty-minute car ride was pleasant on the empty roads, the silhouettes of suburban homes and communities intermingled with the treetops as the morning fog rolled over the road. When Mary-Ann arrived at the gym, the six-o clock crowd had just started to trickle in. A few of the regulars smiled warmly at her and she gave a friendly smile back.

Over the first half hour she jogged to warm up, lifted to tone her arms, and squatted to keep her butt as firm and attractive as it was. But during this exertion she finished her water bottle and filled it again. The rest of her workout tested her hip flexors and traps. Looking good took effort, to the tune of another entire water bottle.

When she had finished, the morning sun had invaded the windows of the expansive building and more and more people began to file in. Mary-Ann took this opportunity to use the ladies shower while most other women were just starting their workout. She didn’t take long, another fifteen minutes, maybe, to wash the sweat off her body. What took her a moment was the process of applying professional makeup in a gym bathroom. Normally, she would have applied it at the office or at home on her non-workout days, but because this meeting started right 9, she had to change here. New white panties now covered her loins, and she pulled her pantyhose over them. A longer professional skirt that dropped to her knees and a white blouse hid under her short blazer. After putting on her black heels, she admired herself in the mirror and remade her blonde hair into a low-professional bun.

She was Mary-Ann Adimari; ass kicker.

She read her watch; it just after seven-thirty, plenty of time to visit her favorite local coffee shop. Not only was it owned by her first ever clients, but it was on the way to her office as well. Another thirty minutes through much heavier traffic and she was there.

The first scent that hit her was one of her favorites- fresh roasted coffee, and a lot of it. The morning rush appeared to have dwindled and all that was left were the amateur writers and college students. Mary-Ann walked right up to the counter with no line. The barista recognized her immediately.

Hanna was always so sweet and friendly, and her small stature made it appear as though Mary-Ann much taller than she actually was. Their blue eyes met and despite the mask that Hanna was wearing, her smile shown through her eyes.

“Mary-Ann! Can I get you the usual? Cute top by the way”.

Hanna seemed much more energetic than usual, she swayed from one foot to the other and bent her knees ever so often. While certainly not unwelcome to see such energy and vigor so early in the day, it was a bit out of character for the usually reserved girl.

“Aw, thank you! Yeah, I’ll have the usual. Had your coffee today?” Mary-Ann smiled wider; she was always happy to see others so gleeful.

“Just been standing a while.”

Hanna turned towards the cappuccino machine to start Mary-Ann’s order and crossed her legs. They were clad in light jeans. She put both hands on the machine’s table and continued to bounce her knees. She looked a little sick and Mary-Ann couldn’t help but worry. As the cappuccino machine’s noise rang throughout the shop, Mary-Ann spoke up.

“Are you sure you’re alright?”

Hanna turned back toward Mary-Ann; her light brown barista apron was bunched around her crotch. She pulled her mask away from her face to talk over the end of the machine’s cycle

“Uh…yeah. I’m doing ok” Hanna pulled the mask back and crossed her legs again, and grabbed Mary-Ann’s order. Mary-Ann took her wallet out of her purse and prepared to pay. As Hanna walked back up to the register she put Mary-Ann’s order down and read her the total. Hanna sheepishly looked behind Mary-Ann, and upon seeing there was no one behind she pulled her mask forward again to whisper.

“I’m really sorry but we’re a little understaffed right now; and I really…really need to pee.” As she got to the second “really” she bent her knees down again.

As Mary-Ann heard the word pee, she felt a sympathetic twinge in her own bladder and felt terrible for the girl behind the counter.

“I can wait a moment if you need to run- “

“No! No, if that’s all your getting, I’ll ring you out” Hanna interrupted her a bit loudly, and slapped her mask back into place.

Mary-Ann paid with her card and put a twenty in the tip jar. She felt sorry for the poor girl, but there wasn’t much she could do except give her a generous tip and leave the girl to hopefully find relief, as there was a lull in customers

“H-have a nice... day” Hanna weakly called to her.

Mary-Ann briefly turned and waved to her before heading out the door, back to her car.

The ride to the office was short, but as Mary-Ann pulled into a parking spot opposite the office doors, she felt her bladder give her another dull warning, but this time, it didn’t leave; the two morning bottles of gym water had started to collect and the cappuccino wasn’t helping. As Mary-Ann entered her office doors, she was greeted by her secretary Karenna.

“Hey boss, rooms ready for briefing.” Karenna was an average built black woman, but she had accented her shoulder-length, straight black hair with dyed-red tips.

As prompt as she was resourceful, Mary-Ann wished the 23-year-old didn’t remind her so much of herself right now. Their typical morning briefs would lead right up to nine o-clock, and if the room and Karenna were already good to go, she wouldn’t be able to stop by their single person bathroom. Mary-Ann hoped she would have time to relieve herself before her nine o’clock meeting.

Karenna stood up from her desk and pressed down her grey pinstripe suit pants. She gathered her notepad and filed in behind her boss into the small conference room. Before sitting down, she put down her things on the conference table and wiped a bit of fuzz off of her grey suit coat. She had gotten in later than she had wanted and hadn’t yet emptied her morning bladder, which was starting to become an issue. But the 45-minuet meeting in which she was mostly presenting didn’t faze her. She had been in this position for eight months now, and a few desperate minuets weren’t worth interrupting such a tight schedule, especially today. She sat down at the conference table and Mary-Ann stepped up to the awaiting projector. The current active underwriting client’s spreadsheet appeared on the screen as the projector adjusted itself.

“Where do we stand on these?” Mary-Ann started

“Jones and Richardson both are looking like they’ll get underwritten today. I think we’ll have issues with Wyatt though. They might have given us some bad info on the underwriting paperwork.” As Karenna went into detail about each of the active clients, Mary-Ann discreetly crossed her legs and put her back to the wall. This action went unnoticed by Karenna, who had her own thighs pressed against each other.

The two women continued to review the second page of active clients, and as they discussed a peculiar case in which the client had provided their proof of income from a job, they left two weeks prior, Karenna felt her first wave of desperate pressure press against the walls of her hairless pussy. The additional effort that it took for her to hold her filled bladder caused her to hesitate mid-sentence

“I can make that...mmhf…call today”

Despite her growing desperation, Karenna was determined not to ask for a break. If this meeting dragged on too long, she could potentially delay Mary-Ann, and making her late would be disrespectful to her boss. The only thing she was hoping for is that Mary-Ann didn’t notice her situation. She hated the idea of others knowing her needs.

Mary-Ann was also growing acutely aware of her own situation, and had begun to sway her hips in an attempt to ease some of the pressure that was developing in her bladder. While she was paying attention to what Karenna was saying, she was unaware of the situation her protégé was in.

The two continued to move the meeting forward, discussing where they were in terms of their goals for the year. Karenna at this point was pressing her backside down into the cushy office chair, the corner of the chair pressed into her crotch. Her calves were locked in place, as her heels and feet were supporting most of her forward weight, they were pointing towards each other to keep her thighs in place. When Karenna looked back up from her papers and finished her sentence, she noticed that Mary-Ann was crossing her legs and seemed to be more focused on the projected graph instead of what Karenna was saying. Mary-Ann’s right arm was clutched against her left forearm, and as she swayed back and forth, Karenna thought

Do we seriously both need to piss right now?

Mary-Ann hadn’t responded to Karenna’s statement yet, and seemed to be more so watching the clock than giving her undivided attention. Karenna spoke up

“Your thoughts?”

“Hmm? Oh, yeah, its fine. Good job today, Karenna. Is that all?”

Karenna wasn’t satisfied with the non-answer, but it was getting close to nine, and if she could get out a moment sooner, she would take it.

“I think that’s it for now, I’ll email you if any of this changes- I gotta step out for a second, your office should be set up.”

“I -uh, alright” Mary-Ann started a sentence, but Karenna had already stood and done a 180 towards the door. She walked back to her desk as fast and as discreetly as her heels would let her, and her vagina as tight and contracted as she could get it.

She threw her meeting notes over her desk and craned her neck to briefly check Mary-Ann’s office, which was in a windowed room behind her desk. Karenna might have to piss like a racehorse, but she still had a job to do. She exhaled as the strain to stand on her tip toes caused her bladder to contact and a shiver involuntarily sent a hand to her crotch. Mary-Ann’s office looked in order. Now slightly hunched over, Karenna hustled passed the front door, which was glass, and anyone in the parking lot could see her squirm in front her desk.

She actually started to doubt that she was going to make it as she reached the corner of the office space that housed the only bathroom. Pressing down on the handle and swinging the light door open in one motion, Karenna nearly ran into the white tiled room. With just a single toilet and a sink, she started to undo her black belt and turned her well-toned ass towards the toilet bowl, anticipating her long overdue release. In her haste, she pulled the belt too quickly and it stuck into place. She felt a wet drop touch her panties. Not wanting to wet her pants, Karenna used what was left of her strength to pull her belt forward and slowly undo it, and when it finally let go, she jammed her fingers into the waist band of her grey suit pants and flung them down to her knees, along with her panties.

Before her butt had even touched the porcelain of the toilet seat, a thick, fat stream of piss shot out of her, splattering the back of the raised top before Karenna sat down in a huff, exhausted from the effort it took to avoid pissing her pants. Her breathing slowed back to normal, but her stream stayed strong, and the aspiring black business women sat with her forearms on her thighs, trying to process what just happened and get her head back to her work.

Her stream seemed to slow for a moment, but Karenna contracted her bladder muscles again and the stream that was exiting her pee hole resumed with the same force that it had started with, and the hissing sound that was erupting from her thighs filled the room again. As her stream began to subside for a second time, she examined her panties. They were navy blue, and from her perspective, they were still unscathed. She ran her fingers though the fabric, and while it was slightly damp to the touch, they were more than serviceable. She was surprised at what a close call she just had and she sat back in relief.

Her stream was just a slight trickle, but her muscles were still contracting, sending shivers from her bladder to her vagina. Karenna’s thoughts drifted back to work

I hope Mary-Ann was really just checking the time. If I just cut in front of her for a piss, and took one from her…

No. Karenna cut that train of thought short. She tried to convince herself that Mary-Ann was checking the time and making sure she wasn’t late. This move was important for both of their careers, so obviously that would weigh on her mind.

I’ve seen her take back-to-back meetings for an entire day’s work. She’s sat through 3-hour licensing classes with a ton of coffee…there’s no way.

Karenna looked down at her own, now dripping pussy. Her pink wet skin contrasting with her dark outer lips.

It’s not like I didn’t just think that I’d be fine.

She wiped, flushed and pulled her pants back up. Reapplying her belt and checking her makeup in the mirror, she noticed that the back of her grey sport coat had gotten wet from her initial explosion. It fared the worst out of all her clothes, but it would dry before the days end, she was sure of it. Her thoughts drifted back to her boss for a moment.

There’s no way she needs to piss…right?

Mary-Ann Adimari needed to pee. As she watched her young colleague rush out of the room, she pressed her hands against her skin, just above her burning genitals. It was tender, and her tight pencil skirt did little to assist her. Though it was a long skirt, which reached her kneecaps, it was becoming harder and harder to stand still. Her movements had nearly become involuntary, all made worse by the fact that she was in heels. She walked out of the conference room and entered her personal office.

A slightly private area, its windows were against just one wall. They allowed her to be aware of what was happening outside her semi-private walls. Her bookcase, which served more as a prop for zoom meetings than actually useful books, was against the back wall, and the opposite wall partially served as a wet bar for closings. She had just refilled the alcohol shelf yesterday, and the different color liquids only served to mock her at this point. The deep red rug that spanned much of the floor gave the room a sophisticated atmosphere and played well with the walnut-colored bookshelves and mahogany desk.

Mary-Ann wasn’t paying attention to any of these details as she shoved her meeting notes onto her desk and trudged towards the bathroom in the main office space. She had maybe 30 seconds, but she was also starting to get desperate to pee. She assumed Karenna was done as she approached the door, but the light wood was hardly sound proof. She was instead greeted by a such a loud sigh and a hissing sound that her mind instantly attempted to release her bladder muscles. The sound and sudden force of pressure baring down on her tight snatch caused Mary-Ann to shove her hands deep into her crotch and squeeze every muscle she possibly could. Her thighs and vaginal walls were all directed to halt the force liquid from soiling her clothes. Karenna clearly wasn’t done, and Mary-Ann would be unfashionably late. She winced, attempted to straighten up, and walked back towards her office.

As she sat down, some of the other financial partners and representatives from her current company were starting to join the meeting. Sitting in her black office chair, Mary-Ann turned her camera on, and hoped that she could just pay attention for an hour and a half.

Karenna had been answering emails and making few morning calls from her desk while occasionally grabbing a drink from the water cooler outside conference room. Despite her close call this morning, she still needed to refresh ever so often and the short walk from her desk to the water cooler was enough to give her mind a quick rest. What helped the day go by the fastest however was the occasional inbound call. It was like a goody bag. Karenna never knew who would be on the other line. For a better connection, they still used landlines, so she could also fiddle with the cord while she talked. It was like her grandmother’s old phone when she was growing up, and a little burst of nostalgia was all she needed sometimes. This time, when it rang, it was a local realtor, looking to connect with Mary-Ann. After the two set a time and a day, Karenna hung up and looked back through the glass at her boss.

From where she was sitting, Mary-Ann appeared to be focused on her meeting, and Karenna immediately felt better about her own relief this morning. She hadn’t forced her boss into an uncomfortable position and she felt her dash for the restroom was justified.

Mary-Ann was attempting to look professional, but she was as stiff as a statue. Her bladder felt like a rock, and she rubbed her free hand across the tense area. It felt as though every muscle was active in a desperate struggle against herself.

The front door swung open and Karenna immediately recognized her as one of their more recent clients. A jovial woman, with brown eyes, brown hair and a round face, she beamed a wide smile at Karenna.

“Hey! I just wanted to drop by and thank you guys for helping us out on the new place! We love it!”

She presented a small box wrapped neatly in a bow and put it on Karenna’s desk. She was the first client that Karenna had done most of the work for, and to see her so happy with the work that she would even drop by like this was nearly overwhelming for Karenna. She got up from her desk and gave Samantha a friendly hug.

“You guys! Thank you so much! What is it?”

“Well, my sister just opened a little store around the corner, and she makes gifts, so I thought I’d support her and show my gratitude to you guys.”

“Oh, it was nothing really, we get a few different applications every now and then, but you guys were super great with verifying all of that stuff.”

In reality, it was a nightmare case, Justin, Samantha’s husband, was in the middle of an audit and his income had suddenly spiked in the past year. This had raised a number of red flags. Despite the pleasant nature of both of them, it was a challenging first client.

“Is Mary-Ann here today?” Samantha asked innocently

“She is, but she’s in a meeting, I’ll be sure to let her know you stopped by though.”

“Thanks, she is such a badass. Do you mind if I use the bathroom real quick?”

“Not at all” Karenna pointed her towards the bathroom door and watched the woman walk causally towards it.

Her mind went back to her adventure this morning, and now that Mary-Ann had been in her meeting for a while, she only hoped that her boss was in a good spot.

Mary-Ann was still trying to present herself as a power broker, but in her mind, she was very obviously rocking back and forth in her chair. Her knee was lifted towards her chest in an attempt to alleviate the pressure. She one hand plastered against her crotch. With just under a half hour to go, Mary-Ann no longer knew what they were talking about, and at this point was blindingly agreeing to the documents presented online, her attorney marking every initial down. Her jaw was locked in an attempt to remain composed, but her labored breathing gave her situation away. She hoped that her microphone hadn’t picked anything up. She didn’t think that she had leaked yet, but her strained muscles were starting to produce a sweat. Mary-Ann couldn’t tell anymore. All she wanted was to pee. Just not in front of the present company, or with any audience really.

Sitting back down at her desk, Karenna waived Samantha good-bye as the woman headed for the door, and began to work again. A couple of emails had come through, but nothing of any major urgency. Soon the phone rang, and this time, it was Mary-Ann’s property manager, Donovan.

“Hey Karenna, we’ve got a bit of a situation over here at the Addison Street place, could you patch me though to Mary-Ann?”

“She’s in a meeting, can I take a message?”

“It’s really more important that I speak to her.”

While Karenna was speaking with Donovan, Mary-Ann was seriously considering peeing in one of her wet bar cups. She was sure they couldn’t handle two of her gym water bottles and a cappuccino, but it was better than peeing in front of the CEO of one of the largest mortgage companies in the nation, her attorney and business broker. That very real fear was the only thing that was keeping her water in at this point, and even that was failing. With just a few minutes left in the meeting, Mary-Ann lost a spirt of pee into her white panties and her shaking legs were attempting to close the now burst dam, but now that it had started, she was afraid that it wouldn’t stop.

But another minute passed. The last page. It was here. Freedom. One more initial and she could have her empire and her salvation. She spirted again. The shock caused her to inhale and she gripped her mahogany desk. With every fiber of her being, she willed her pee-hole closed. Yes. She told her attorney to sign off on the last NDA. She lost again, this time a jet of pee, with a stream thick enough to tickle her closed vaginal walls. But it was over, the greatest meeting of her life was over. She might just make it.

“Karenna?” Mary-Ann’s voice was picked up by the landline’s local connection

“Yes?”

“We’re done here. It went through. I think we’re even taking you with us.” Mary-Ann started dribbling into her panties again

“What do you mean you think?”

“Just have to check with Sarah” Mary-Ann was too busy trying not to pee herself when Karenna’s future was discussed. Sarah would know though, that’s what attorneys are for.

“…alright. By the way, Donovan called. The A/C is out at your complex. I have him on hold, should I send him on over?”

Mary-Ann’s brief hope was dashed. The middle of the summer, and the A/C just went out. She wasn’t sure how long this would take, but she was almost sure it would take her relief away as a constant leak into her panties had begun. She could delay this call and attempt to run in heels like a mad woman through her office, and maybe make it. But her property wasn’t Donovan’s only managed one. If she didn’t take this called get this ordered today, her tenants could be without A/C for a week or even longer.

“oh..yeah..that’s ok” it was a chance she had to take.

In a moment her connection to Karenna was switched and she could hear to dial tone of a connecting call. But with the phone on a cord, her use of her alcohol glasses was out of the question. She attempted to stand in order to re-adjust herself, but she just lost another spirt, this one making through her pantyhose and dripping onto the rug below. Using her chin and shoulder to hold the receiver in place, and shoving her hands into her crotch again, Mary-Ann said answered the phone weakly.

“Ms. Mary-Ann! What’s going on?!” The friendly Donovan answered.

“I heard the A/C was out” Was all Mary-Ann could muster

“Yeah, I could repair the thing for less, but I have no guarantee…” He was talking but Mary-Ann could no longer listen, as she stood, now holding the phone with her right hand, and slightly bent at the knee, Mary-Ann lost another jet of pee. And then another. It was lost, and Mary-Ann knew it. Not caring how she sounded, she told her kind property manager:

“Just replace it. Order it, don’t worry about cost. I’m busy, I got to go.” And hung up her the phone.

She was going in her panties. It started quick, the first stream finally breaking through her panties and splashing loudly onto the rug. In shame she covered her face with her both her hands. Turning beet red, all she could hear was her pent up pee ruining her rug with a dull splash. After a few moments, she looked down again, and what she was doing hit her. Her panty-house were ruined as wet streaks had formed down her legs where her pee had started to pool in her heels. In reaction to this she cut off the flow and jammed her hand back into her crotch, now soaked and warm.

The pain of stopping her flow was unreal. It felt like her entire urinary system had bucked against her wishes to stop peeing, and in revolt, she started leaking again. But Mary-Ann’s body had gone too far and was tired to bend to her will anymore and the leak started to become more forceful in her hand. She realized that now, all she wanted was relief. Dropping her remaining pretenses, she squatted by her desk.

Mary-Ann Adimari, one of the top mortgage producers in the nation, now owner of her own mortgage company, was uncontrollably wetting her panties on her office floor. She had neglected to move her skirt, and once her urine had wet through her pantyhose, it started to spread across her butt and soaked through her skirt. But Mary-Ann was too busy enjoying the emptying of her overfilled bladder into her panties to care. She didn’t care about the rug she was soiling. She didn’t even care that Karenna might be able to hear the hiss of her urine rushing though her tired vagina. As the many different rivulets made their way from the seat of her skirt to the rug, Mary-Ann rolled forward onto her knees and pushed the rest of her pee out, and along with whatever had collected in her skirt, she continued to ruin her rug and undergarments in equal measure.

She wanted to scream in relief. She was peeing the rest of her bladder’s contents out in an extreme jet of pee and the pleasure was immeasurable. It was as if she had just experienced the most intense orgasm ever, and a cold shiver ran down her spine. Her stream had begun to stop for the most part, her over saturated panties dripped the excess urine down her thighs. As Mary-Ann knelt she briefly wanted to masturbate. In a fleeting moment she imagined herself ripping through her pantyhose and rubbing her clit like a crazed animal.

But reality quickly set in. Mary-Ann was saturated from the waist down in her own pee. She had just ignored a serious issue with one of her rentals, and had just ruined a very expensive rug. This wouldn’t be easy to explain away. And then there was Karenna. Mary-Ann couldn’t leave her office while she was there. Mary-Ann was her boss who had obviously just peed herself and she couldn’t even begin to imagine the social implications and the loss of her credibility if Karenna found her out. She at least had her gym clothes to change into, but they were in her car. She’d have to pass Karenna’s desk if she was going to get to them.

In her assessment of the situation, Mary-Ann felt that it was important that Karenna didn’t find out first. She quickly hatched and idea. She stood up quickly and called Karenna’s line

“Hey Karenna, I’m a little behind right now, I’m going to work though lunch. Could you hold my calls?”

“Sure thing”

“Oh, and what time were you planning on leaving today?”

“Uh, why?”

“I need to know what my schedule looks like today”

“Five”

That was how long Mary-Ann had to lock herself in her office, and how long she could try and deal with the massive dark stain that had formed right next to her desk. She had no towels or real way of drying it. She could pour alcohol on it and claim that a bottle broke. But she couldn’t actually break the bottle or Karenna would hear it. On the other hand, the lack of glass would make it a weak excuse. She decided to just leave it for now and have the rug steam cleaned by a national company. She could bear it if workers that she’d never know or meet again in life questioned why this stain smelled like pee, after all, she didn’t have answer them.

Mary-Ann moved to sit back down in her office chair. As she made this motion, she felt her heels squish. She looked down, and could see where trails of pee had soaked her pantyhose all the way down into her heels. She bent down and struggled to slip them off. Disappointed and disgusted with herself she poured a pool of urine out of each heel, and added the dark stain on the rug that she had already made. Leaving her wet and probably ruined heels off, she sat back down in her office chair. It was wet from sweat and the strain of holding back her eventual defeat. Her skirt was wet as well. The best that Mary-Ann could do was hike it up and sit in her clammy chair, bested by her own body. She could feel her wet panties sticking to her genitals. Shame had finally been able to take hold, and she hid her face behind her hands.

Karenna was wrong. Mary-Ann had been out of her meeting for almost an hour now, and when Karenna didn’t see her emerge from her office, she knew that her assumptions about this morning’s meeting were wrong. She felt better about the entire situation, that she hadn’t put her boss in a bad spot and that her own struggle was just that. Her own. She reached underneath her desk and pulled out her lunch container. She might be just an amateur cook, but Karenna was going to eat good while she could.

As she worked on her lunch and work at the same time, she felt her bladder call out to her for the second time that day. Her occasional trips to the water cooler were catching up with her already irritated bladder. Despite its warning that she should relieve herself, she also started the soda that she had packed with her lunch. A few important emails had come through while she ate and drank. As she replied to the sales leads and searched her computer for related files, her bladder again gave her a signal that it would not be treated the same way it was this morning. Not wanting to squirm and dance in her chair again either, Karenna got up from her desk to relieve herself. Just as she did so, a call came through. She frowned. She hesitated for a moment as she considered letting the call go to her inbox so she could take a piss. However the primitive caller ID read:

Darzi, Sarah

Damn, she needed to take this. As she answered the phone, she stood in front of her desk and swayed her hips a bit.

“Karenna, is Mary-Ann available? It’s very important.”

“Sorry, she’s asked me to hold her calls this afternoon. I can take a message.”

“I need to review some of the decisions she made today, with her. Are you sure you can’t get us in touch?”

Karenna was squeezing her thighs together. She hated that she was desperate to piss again.

“Let me see if she’ll make an exception for you. I also have a question for you. She wasn’t specific when I asked her if I was included in the move to her new company.”

“Sorry Karenna, I can’t discuss that right now.”

Karenna muttered to herself, her job status was in limbo, and she couldn’t get a straight answer. As she bounced her knees together, she put Sarah on hold and called Mary-Ann’s direct line.

“Boss, Sarah’s on the line. She wants to discuss some of the decisions you made today.”

Mary-Ann groaned. She knew she had messed something up. But what was she going to tell Sarah?

Hey, sorry I messed up six months of planning, I was busy peeing my pants.

Knowing she wasn’t in the right mindset, she told Karenna to set a time next week with Sarah to recap her apparent mistakes.

It wasn’t the answer Karenna was looking for. She was hoping Mary-Ann would have taken the call so that she could go piss, but she set another time with Sarah. Bobbing her knees the entire time, in full view of the glass front door. When she hung up the phone, Karenna swiftly walked towards the bathroom.

Paying attention to her belt, Karenna was sure to carefully remove it and pulled her grey suit pants and blue panties down. After lifting the toilet lid, she squatted over the bowl and began spraying her warm piss into the toilet bowl. She enjoyed feeling the pressure evaporate from her bladder as the hiss and sputter of her strong stream echoed against the water. Her jetting stream was nothing when compared to her effort in the morning, lasting a much shorter time before it slowed down and eventually stopped. Karenna contracted her bladder muscle again. Still, just a few drops slipped through her pink insides and fell into the toilet. She wiped, flushed, and pulled her suit pants and panties back over herself. She adjusted herself in the mirror and fixed her hair. She couldn’t help but feel a little jealous that Mary-Ann could wait all this time. Nonetheless, she washed her hands, and felt ready to attack the rest of her day.

Mary-Ann couldn’t tell if her soiled clothes were starting to dry or if she had just gotten used to the wetness down her legs and her clammy underwear sticking to her crotch. She sat at her computer, her legs spread wide to attempt to help dry the evidence of her accident. She had thought about peeling off her pantyhose and panties, but the question of hiding them for later and the vulnerable feeling of being naked in public was a bridge she didn’t want to cross. She attempted to work to drown out her own thoughts. It wasn’t the potential embarrassment that frightened her. She wanted to touch herself. She didn’t care why she felt that way, she didn’t want to think about it. Mary-Ann also began to feel the urge to pee again. For a moment she wanted to do it again. Just let go. Stand over her stained rug and feel that rush again. No. She attempted to bury the thought. She was not an animal. She wouldn’t give in to herself again. She needed a greater distraction.

Mary-Ann decided to call Donovan back. She dialed his number and asked him to recap what the issue was this morning and apologized for acting so rushed. She omitted why.

“Thanks for getting back to me Mary-Ann. Did Karenna tell you?”

“What?”

“The new unit is on back order, I can’t get one for about three weeks, but I could try and repair this unit in the meantime”

“Sure that’s fine, just sign for it and I’ll reimburse you.”

“Well, that’s the problem, the company won’t deliver the part I need without your signature, because you own the property. I need you here on site.”

Mary-Ann’s heart sank.

“What time?”

“I can only be here for a little while”

“Are you sure there’s no way you can take care of this?”

“Sorry, it’s out of my hands”

“..I know… and we need that part. Damn. Alright, I’ll head over there.”

The two exchanged pleasantries and hung up.

Mary-Ann’s fears compounded on themselves. She felt light headed. All she had left to hide her very obvious accident was luck. And now how was she supposed to change? If she got lucky and got by Karenna the first time, walking back in with her gym clothes certainly wouldn’t be an option. Mary-Ann decided to deal with that once she was on the road. First, she had to come up with a way to try and be stealthy about her exit. Or at the very least, professional. Maybe if she walked fast enough, Karenna wouldn’t notice a thing. Her skirt was black, but there was an obvious stain on her butt from crouching down and wetting through it. From the front her pantyhose had dark streaks running the length of her legs. She would have to move fast and rely on her skirts dark color.

She called Karenna to let her know that she was needed at her rental and wouldn’t be back at the office.

Karenna had hit the wall, it was that time of the afternoon in which everything slowed. With much of her work done for the day, she turned her attention to study. If she was going to dominate the mortgage industry like her boss, she should be asking questions. No sooner had this thought entered her mind than she heard the click of Mary-Ann’s office door.

Mary-Ann’s throat was dry as she started her to walk by Karenna. She walked swiftly out of her office and towards the door. Hoping against hope that this would work. She passed Karenna, and when she didn’t say anything, Mary-Ann thought she might just get away with it. She was halfway to the door, and just passed Karenna’s desk.

Karenna looked up, and began to ask Mary-Ann a question. She saw a stain on the back of her skirt as she walked by. She had to let her know before she went out. She must have sat on something. But what on earth could have made a stain that big? Karenna put two and two together.

“Hey boss, did you.. um…did, you pee your pants?”

$$

*001*2021-10-06 17:32

{{1 minute ago, PeeHour said:

Great story! I love how she just "gave in" to the accident and even pushed more out herself...

And she seems to have enjoyed it giving her "urges."

Perhaps this was an awakening of sorts and she may eventually initiate another "accident" purposefully? Either way, I'm looking forward to what's to come!

}}

The story might be meandering that way. Part 2 will feature more pee scenes and some unplanned desperation. Mary-Ann might find something out about herself too
