The Bursting Lover

Author: Kreed

*000*2019-06-18 20:43

Author's note: Hello! Long-time lurker, first-time writer. I've been meaning to write a story for quite a while and I hope this isn't too bad. It only took me like... 6 months of drafts and re-writes to get a day where I deleted everything and started from scratch and finished the whole thing from start to finish. If it really is bad, tell me how to improve. Just don't yell plz ;-;

For height refference: The top of Ashley's head reaches the same height as Isaac's shoulders.

On with the story now!

Isaac drove his car into the city with Ashley in the passenger's seat beside him. It was summer, and they'd decided to go on a road trip to the coast. They'd made a reservation in a sea-side hotel a few weeks prior. The plan was to relax on the beach, enjoy life, the atmosphere and each other.

Their car was going slightly faster than the rest of the road. This reason for this was simple. Ashely had to pee. Pretty badly.

This morning she and Isaac each had a cup of coffee before setting off an hour later. The sun quickly went from warm to hot, causing their car to heat up and make them both drink the water they'd taken for the road. Isaac emptied one bottle, while Ashley emptied two.

After about an hour of driving, Isaac stopped at a gas station to fill the car up for the road ahead. While he did that, Ashley bought herself an ice-cold soda can to drink something with more flavour.

Once they were back on the road, Isaac had a few sips, but Ashely chugged the rest.

Inevitably, they both needed to stop. Another gas station would have been nice, but they spotted a simple rest stop with a few toilets, though it looked really old and run down. While Isaac found his relief, Ashley did not. Isaac had no trouble in using the dirty toilet. After all, he could stand. Ashley however, now found herself in an unexpected predicament with a filthy toilet and a rapidly filling bladder. A simple wipe wouldn't clean the toilet. Hell, there wasn't even any toilet paper to wipe it with. There was no way she could sit on that without catching several diseases.

Isaac suggested she go in a bush. Had Ashley picked to wear a skirt that morning, she'd have no trouble doing just that, but that wasn't the case. She picked tight, blue jeans. They showed off her ample rear, yes, but squating down to pee with them would be rather difficult for her.

They'd been driving for three hours and at that point they still had at least another hour to go. Despite Ashley's bladder protesting, she assured Isaac she could hold it.

They got back in their car. As soon as Ashley sat down, she felt the waistband of her jeans press on her bladder.

"This is gonna be a close call." she thought to herself as Isaac got them back on the road.

Arriving at the city a little over an hour later, her thoughts were confirmed. She was now squirming in her seat and rubbing her thighs together.

"You good babe?" Isaac asked, concerned.

"Yeah, just need to pee. A lot." She responded, crossing her legs at the same time.

"You wanna stop at a gas station or you think you can make it to the hotel?"

"I'd certainly appreciate a stop."

"Gotcha."

After a few minutes they spotted a gas station. Isaac smoothly parked in a free space next to it.

"And we're here." Isaac said "Take your time."

"Thanks babe!" Ashley said as she quickly kissed him on the cheek and left the car.

With gravity now weighing down on Ashley's bladder, she pressed her thighs together, leting out a gasp of surprise. She needed to go more than she thought. Once she got used to the new pressure between her legs, she speed-walked to the entrance.

Isaac admired her curvy figure from his car. Her ass and thighs looked astounding in those tight jeans. Her black band T-shirt (which actually belonged to him) beautifully wrapped around her sizeable breasts. Her dark wavy hair swaying from side to side. Getting blown by the wind from the nearby sea as she walked.

"God, she's perfect." Isaac thought to himself.

Ashley entered the gas station's store, desperately searching for a bathroom she could use. Aha! There it was! She saw the sign for one over some food shelves. She quickly dashed to it, her bladder muscles loosening, prepearing to release her day's accumulation of pee.

As soon as the door came into view, she suddenly stopped. The door had a yellow clean-up sign in front of it. Fuck.

Her muscles, anticipating relief, let out a small drop of pee into her pink panties. She gasped, bending over and thrusting a hand between her legs, looking down to her crotch. Once she looked up, she saw one of the gas station workers with a mop: a woman visibly older than Ashley.

"Excuse me, could I use your bathroom?" she said, standing up straight and removing her hand, but still shifting her weight from foot to foot. At the same time a bad smell hit her nose.

"Sorry. Someone had a pretty bih accident. The toilet and the floor is a mess. It'll take a while to clean up."

"Oh." Was Ashely's simple response. Now knowing relief was nowhere to be found here, she grew worried again, bending one leg inward. "Do you know anywhere else where I could, um... go?"

"Not really. There are some stores up ahead, but I don't know whether they have public restrooms."

"Oh. Thanks." Was Ashley's dissapointed response.

She hobbled out and back to the car. Her full bladder pounding inside her with every step she took on the asphalt.

"What happened?" Isaac asked, concerned for her.

"They're cleaning it. Fuck! I need to piss so badly!" She crossed her legs, thrusting a hand between them and desperately gripping her pussy.

"Shit. Okay, the hotel is about 20 minutes away. You think you can hold it?" Isaac said, starting the car.

"Maybe. I don't know. Lets just go. I'll try." Was her frantic response.

"Got it."

They were back on the road. Ashley now brought her other hand to her crotch and uncrossed her legs to jiggle them around frantically.

"Hold on Ash. We're almost there." Isaac tried to reassure her.

"I'm good." Came Ashely's not so convincing response.

"10 more minutes."

"Mhm"

Isaac made a quick turn, but came to a grinding halt, making Ashley lurch forward in her seat. The seatbelt dug hard into her filled up bladder. A loud hiss filled the car as a huge leak shot into her panties. She could feel her crotch getting warm and wet.

"OHHH FUCK!" She yelled, gripping her pussy stronger than before and double-crossing her legs.

"Shit! Are you okay?" Isaac asked, now giving his full attention to her.

"Fuuuuck. I pissed in my panties. What happened?" She lifted her gaze and as she did, her heart sank. The car in front of them wasn't moving at all.

Isaac checked his phone, only to find out there had been a car colission up ahead. Fortunately, there were officers slowly regulating the traffic flow. If they didn't hurry up, Ashley would make another flow between her legs.

"Hey," Isaac said "maybe there's a bathroom in one of those cafés or stores. Wanna take a look? Can you stand?"

Ashley's bladder was bursting. She lifted her hands to asess her situation. Her eyes widened because her bladder was bulging out and the crotch of her jeans had a small wet spot. On the blue of her jeans, the wet spot was impossible to not notice. And that was because her panties were already soaked, no longer able to absorb more pee and clinging to her quivering pussy.

She looked outside. They were in a commercial area with boutiques, cafés and other stores around. Surely they had a bathroom for a desperate girl to use. That being said, it was a busy area. She wasn't sure whether she wanted other people seeing her on the border of wetting her pants.

"I'll call you if traffic starts to move." Isaac said.

"Okay I'll take a look."

She opened the car door and carefully stepped out. Again, gravity pushed down on her bladder, forcing more drops of pee out of her. Immediatelly she crossed her legs so tight they hurt.

Once she had it under relative control, she stagerred to the nearest café, without a doubt providing an interesting show to all the people on the road and the sidewalk. She entered it. She quickly gave herself a quick squeeze before starting to look around for a place to finally pee. Nothing at first glance. She was just about to go search further, but she was stopped by a rather bulky waiter.

"Excuse me ma'am. Do you have a reservation?" He asked politely, but sternly.

The burning sensation between her legs was growing harder and harder to control. Despite her best efforts, she couldn't stop rubbing her legs together. If she stopped for even a second, what felt like a litre would pour out onto the entrance carpet of the café.

"Well..um, no. No I don't, but, um, can I just use your bathroom real quick."

"My apologies ma'am. Customers only." Was his cold response.

"Wh-what?"

"Sorry. I don't make the rules. I'm gonna have to ask you to leave now. There are other places around that probably have a bathroom for you to use. Good day."

She didn't even have time to respond. The waiter gently ushered her out back into the street.

"Does this fucking city not have a single bathroom for me to use?!" She thought to herself, grabbing herself again, feeling more pee leak out of her. She looked down. The wet patch could still be covered by her hands, but it wouldn't stay this way if she keeps leaking at a rate like this.

Her phone went off, startling her and making more pee leak out of her. She checked. It was Isaac.

She bent over and answered it.

"Yeah?" She half-moaned.

"Find anything?"

"No. The universe probably doesn't want me to ever pee again!"

"Crissakes! Okay, the hotel is 10 minutes away, but I'll make it 5. Hurry back."

"Yeah okay."

She hung up and put her phone back in her pocket and hobbled back to the car. The way back was longer, due to traffic having moved signifficantly forward. All the time she kept rubbing her hands on her thighs, worried that grabbing herself would attract too much attention. Of course, the obvious wet patch on her crotch and lower on her thighs attracted attention nonetheless.

Finally she found their car, she awkwardly staggered to it, almost crossing her legs with each step. She saw one of the police officers regulating traffic next to the collision site. 5 more minutes and she could pee!

"No luck?" Isaac asked Ashley as she carefully sat back in the car. This time not putting on her seatbelt.

"I went at that café, but they wouldn't let me go cause I didn't have a fucking reservation there." She desperately responded between moans.

"Fucking seriously?" Came Isaac's shocked response. "Well don't worry Ash, we're almost there. You can already see the hotel." He pointed to a tall white building in the distance.

"Okay." Ashley said, determined to hold it till they arrive. She unbuttoned her jeans, making her let out a short sigh of relief. Not the immense relief of leting out an entire reservoir's worth of pee, but relief that she'll make it. Probably.

Her hands were burried in her crotch again. Gripping her pussy like her life depended on it.

Isaac floored it. Ignoring all speed limits. Traffic cams could suck it today. The additional movement was good and terrible for Ashley. It meant that they'll arrive sooner, but it also made every bump and turn immensely worse on her. She twisted and turned in the seat, crossing and recrossing her legs constantly. The pressure was so hard on her, tears started to form in her eyes.

"We're here!" Isaac announced as the car gradually slowed down and drove into the hotel's parking lot. Ashley opened her eyes in delight. Finally. They were here. Isaac parked the car, got out and ran to Ahley's door, opening it and helping Ashley get out.

Pee yet again leaked out of her. She brought a leg up and bent it inwards, bobbing up and down. The wet patch was now so big her hands couldn't hide it.

"I'll get the bags later. Lets go!" Isaac said, leading Ashley inside.

They entered the lobby. They looked for a bathroom there. Hotel lobbies always have bathrooms. Ashley saw it, but the universe was out to get her today. Because of that, the bathroom had a long line of tourists fresh off the bus waiting for it. All were engrosed in their phones or travel brochures, thankfully not noticing the bursting Ashley, desperately dancing in the middle of the lobby.

"Oh come on." she quietly whimpered, her strength fading. She must've looked ridiculous. Her legs were rubbing against each other with her hands getting crushed between them. She was reaching the end of her tether.

Isaac, quick to respond to the situation, ran to the reception desk. At last, some luck shone their way and the desk had no line. He quickly formed out what needed to be formed out and got their room card.

He ran back to Ashley, who hadn't moved an inch from the spot where she came in and said "Lets go! You're so close!"

Somewhere within, Ashley found the strength inside her to press on. Her over-flowing bladder, somehow still holding 6 hours of piss thrashed around the insides of the poor girl, yet she still pressed on. Slowly hobbling to the elevator with Isaac right by her side.

They had to use an elevator because they chose their room on the fourth floor. If they had used the stairs, there was no doubt Ashley would have flooded the entire staircase.

The elevator started moving, causing another spurt into her jeans and a hiss to echo throughout the elevator. Pee drops fell to the floor. A dark line had started to crawl down the inside of her thigh. What's worse was that despite the initial force of the spurt dissapearing, a steady trickle of drops was coming out of her, showing no signs of stopping.

"Shit shit shit! Isaac it's coming out! Oh fuck!" was Ashley's frantic response as she shuffled on the spot, bobbing up and down, crossing and re-crossing her legs, basically pee-dancing, anything that could stop her from wetting herself. "Fuck. I don't think I'll make it."

"Don't say that! You're so close!" Isaac reasured her.

"I'll carry you!" He said.

"Huh?" Ashley looked at him surprised, but before she could say anything, he picked her up like a bride. A bursting bride about to drown the entire hotel in hot piss. The new position wasn't entirely comfortbale, but she would have to endure it. So there she lay in Isaac's arms, on the verge of crying, keeping her legs crossed like a pretzel, squeezing her leaking pussy stronger than ever.

The elevator door opened. Isaac wasted no time, quickly glancing at the direction signs and dashing onwards. All the time Ashley's small trickle kept going. Due to the angle she was being held at, the pee didn't run straight down, instead making Ashley's wet patch grow onto her butt. Thank whatever higher being there is for the floor being devoid of other people.

"We're here!" Isaac exclaimed as he rounded a corner and saw the room with their number on it. He gently put Ashley down on the floor. She immediatelly broke in a furious pee dance, pee flowing out of her with increasing strength. A few drops landed on the carpet and left a dark spot where she stood.

Frantically Isaac swiped the card. The door unlocked. He held it open for Ashley who now, with relief only a few steps away from her, broke into a desperate dash for the bathroom.

She ran inside, scouring the layout of their room. She saw a closed door and ran to it. It undoubtedly had to be the bathroom. Her bladder sent more and more burning spasms throughout her, making her flow gain more and more strength with each step she took. Her pee was now dripping through her fingers.

She opened the door, turned the lights on and there it was. The porcelain throne she had been dreaming of this whole time. She tried to run to it, but it was far too much for her. There was no stopping it anymore. Her bladder sent the strongest spasm yet, causing her to twitch and freeze. That was the finisher. The floodgates opened.

Ashley exploded thrashing pee into her jeans and onto the obviously well-maintained bathroom floor. She tried to hold it back by reinforcing her grip and squeezing her legs shut, but it sprayed through as if she was trying to stop a blasting water hose with her thumb.

This was it. She stopped fighting it back. Pee cascaded through her pink panties, down her legs and onto the tile floor.

If there was anyone in the neighbouring rooms, they probably thought that a burst pipe was pouring water out into the entire room. Partially true, with the exception of Ashley being the one to burst and pouring her contents out with the force of a blasting faucet.

"Haaa... haaaaaah. Haaaa fuck." came her relieved moans. It no longer matered that she was wetting her pants. She could finally let out all the pee she'd been carrying around in her swolen bladder this whole time. The bulge on her abdomen deflated as she peed and peed a waterfall into the sparkling clean hotel bathroom with the toilet right in front of her.

Tears rolled down her cheeks. Tears of joy and relief. She was free of the pressure that had been torturing her for the last hour.

As her pent up pee crashed down, her knees started to tremble and her legs feel weak. She was about to fall in the growing puddle on the floor, but Isaac quickly catched her. Gently supporting her fall and squating down on her level and hugging her from behind.

Ashley, still going strong, layed down in his embrace. Breathing and gasping heavily with Isaac's arms holding her, as her roaring stream turned to a trickle and finally to silence, leaving the two in a massive puddle of pee.

"Feel better?" Isaac asked gently stroking Ashley's head.

"Yeah." came her quiet response. She sounded and looked like she'd run a marathon. Her face was red and covered in sweat.

"Hey don't worry", Isaac calmly told her "Accidents happen all the time."

"Yeah, but this is like the second time this month!" she said, burrying her face in her hands, blushing a deep red.

"Aw come on Ash. This isn't your fault. We just couldn't find a bathroom in time. None of this is on you. Besides, it's only me. You know I don't mind your accidents."

"I know" she said, taking his hand "but I'm an adult. I should be able to hold it."

Isaac gripped her wet hand, turned her around, looked her in the eye and said "The last time you went to a bathroom was 6 hours ago! When we first stopped at that rest area, I thought I won't last another half hour. You somehow managed to last almost another two, despite drinking way more than me. You held it as long as you could. This stuff just... happens. Don't beat yourself up about it."

Ashley finally smiled again and wrapped her arms around him in a hug.

"You're the best." she softly said.

"You too." he responded, breaking away from her hug, only to go back in for a deep kiss.

There they were. On their knees. Surrounded by an enormous puddle of pee only a few feet away from a toilet. Embracing each other and passionatelly making out.

Ashley found that her privates were now relieved and highly sensitive. Her current position - immense relief and Isaac kissing her - made them feel tingly. Maybe she could use this to her advantage.

"Hey Isaac." she broke away from the kiss.

"Yeah?" he said, not knowing what to expect.

She leaned to his ear and softly whispered "Will you help me clean myself up?"

"Certainly." he whispered back with the same energy, reaching down to Ashley's zipper.

The summer sun outside may have been hot, but it was nothing compared to what the two lovers did next on their room's bed.

Maybe their trip wasn't off to as bad a start as Ashley initially thought.

*003*2019-06-19 06:07

{{2 hours ago, Weasel said:

This was quite nice! Great first story.

}}

Oh thank you so much!

{{3 minutes ago, huberp76 said:

Good story, thank you. I am waiting for more.

}}

Thank you for reading! I can't wait to show you more ^-^

*005*2019-06-19 08:45

{{1 hour ago, wannawatch said:

That was a great read-loved it !!

Thanks for sharing.

}}

Thank you for the positive words!

*007*2019-06-20 13:10

{{23 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fabulous story I really enjoyed it

}}

Glad to hear it, kind citizen!

