Star Butterfly Desperation

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-05-22 00:01

My first Star Butterfly fanfic :)

It was dark night on earth. Everyone in Marco's house were sleeping, except for Star. Before waking up, she had a dream which reminded her about cool place where she used to go every week when she was little. Star always liked the magic juice which had amazing flavour. She could drink even 4 glasses of it in 2 hours. After Star woke up by that dream, she has put on her aqua-green skirt, pink leggings and purple boots. Star took her scissors and went to dimension where that cool place was. After entering that dimension where the place was, she instantly noticed it: Colorful Shack with rainbow doors! Exacly as in her dream! Star entered the shack. It was bigger inside than outside. She looked at menu with drinks. To her luck, there were images of everything. On third page she found what she was looking for - Crystal Rainbow Juice! Star ordered 1 glass of it.

- It can take up to 15 minutes to get it ready. - Said man who was making the drinks.

Star was ok with that - it was nothing for her to wait 15 minutes to get her favourite juice fron childhood. After 5 minutes Star just noticed, that she has to pee a little. She usually went to toilet before going to other dimension. She haven't really cared about that small urge. After 10 minutes juice was ready. She drank whole big glass in 2 minutes. It was amazing feeling for her.

- I'd like to order 2 another big glasses of that juice! - Said Star to seller.

The one thing that Star has forgotten from her childhood it was that the juice is really fast making her desperate to pee. After 10 minutes Star started to cross her legs. Her urge was now hard to ignore, but she still did it. After 5 more minutes she got her juice. 2 whole big glasses of her favourite juice. Star drank first glass in 3 minutes. After drinking last drop of juice her urge grew a lot. She was now crossing her legs even tighter than before. But Star still tried to ignore it. She wanted one more glass of that juice, her urge can wait. While ordering last glass of that juice, she was now doing pee dance.

- Is everything alright? - Asked seller.

- Y-yes, I'm alright - She answered.

Star decided to go to toilet in that shack while the juice was being prepared.

- Ummm where is restroom? - She asked seller.

- Oh, restroom is broken. Sorry, girl. - He answered.

- Oh, okay, that's not a problem. - Said Star.

After 5 minutes of waiting she was very desperated. She was now holding her crotch with both of her hands sitting in chair. She was sitting like that for 5 more minutes. Star was now thinking about peeing in house, but she wanted that last glass of juice. To make distract herself, she started to read menu.

- "Lily Rose Juice... Waterfall juice... Waterfall... Sweet water running down to other watter... Exacly like pee would run to toilet from me..." - Star thought. Because of that she leaked into her white panties. There was small visible small wet spot on her pink leggings. She went red and put hand into her panties to make holding pee easier. She stood up and started to do pee dance, crossing legs. Finally, her last juice was ready.

- You really have to pee. I don't think you should- Were saying seller, but ended as Star started to drink that big glass of juice. She drank it in half of minute.

Star took out her scissors very quickly - Huge wave of desperation has hit her. She misscalculated her room, and got to Marco's room. Marco woke up.

- What's happening Star? - He asked with sleepy voice.

- I gotta go pee! - She said to him quietly. She was now jumping and holding her crotch throught skirt very tightly. She leaked again. There was now wet spot on her skirt.

- You really have to pee, you have been watching waterfalls or what? - Marco asked, looking at Star's crotch. It went more wet as he said it.

Mentioning waterfalls by Marcl has made Star start wetting herself. She felt stream of pee going down her leggings. After a while another, and another. Her panties were now soaked. She stopped holding her crotch so tightly. She started to pee herself at full force. Her leggings were now all soaked, as well as bottom of her skirt. The feeling of wetting herself fascinated Star. After 2 minutes she finished peeing. Suddently she remindered, that Marco was there. She looked at him with red faced.

- I know spell to clean up that mess. Also, please don't tell that to anyone. Our little secret, okay? - Asked Star.

- O-kay. - Answered shocked Marco. He really enjoyed that view of Star wetting herself.

