Hermione's after petrification desperation

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-05-15 00:49

HazyMagnum requested that fanfic. I really like HP, so I wrote it.

Over six weeks passed since Hermione was petrificated. During that time she was getting fed by special potions and charms. It was finally day, when madragoras grew and the elixir has been prepared. Mrs. Pomfrey applied the potion into Hermione's mounth. After few minutes she woke up. She felt giant urge to pee. Mrs Pomfrey noticed that, and casted spell.

"Peprevento!" - Mrs Pomfrey said and yellow color stream flew from her wand in direction of Hermione's crotch. Hermione stopped feeling any urge.

W-what that spell did do? - Asked Hermione with sleepy voice.

- It will prevent you from peeing. You will not be able to pee until 13:30 (1:30 pm) tommorow. When it will be 13:30 a strong urge will hit you. You'll pee instantly whenever you are, so make sure to be in toilet right before it. You will also start to feel urge 2 hours before that time - Answered Mrs. Pomfrey.

- Oh ok, thank you Mrs. Pomfrey. - Said Hermione. After a while she was completly awake. She remindered why she was petrificated - She knew what was cause of it!

- Mrs. Pomfrey, I have to talk with Professor McGonagal! - Said Hermione.

- You must lay here for one more hour, then I'll go with you to your dormitory. - Answered Mrs. Pomfrey.

- It's very important! I've found out what's the cause of those attacks! - Said Hermione.

- As I said, you need to stay here for some more time. - Said Mrs. Pomfrey, muttering something about side effects of petrifications.

Hermione had no other choice, but to wait. She checked her watch - It was 11:30 pm! The thing she didn't knew, it was that when she fallen on floor when she got petrificated she hitten stone floor with her watch. It was now moving 1 hour late. After 1 hour Mrs. Pomfrey walked her to dormitory. Hermione went to see Harry and Ron, but she couldn't find them. She was too tired to think about it. It might seem, that after petrification you had enought sleep for a long time, but it was in other way. Hermione was really, really tired. She went to bed, closed her eyes and fell asleep.

Hermione had a dream. She was standing in girl's restroom where Moaning Myrthe was living in.

- Oh someone has to pee, really bad, hahaha - Was laughting Myrthe, holding her crotch tightly imitating Hermione.

- Yes, I have to, please let me go into toilet! - Begged Hermione. She was holding her crotch very tightly.

- Oh, I gotta go, I gotta go! - Moaned Myrthe. She put her skirt up, put off her panties and was holding her nude crotch and doing pee dance.

- Please, let me in! I'll wet myself otherwise. - Begged Hermione with tears.

- Ok, but watch this... Hihi - Said Myrthe and flew into crane. She was floating in crane, so it was in her vagina. She spreaded her legs and turned on the crane. Myrthe started to masturbate and moan. It made Hermione pee herself. She just saw puddle creating under her. Then Hermione wake up. She was dry, but she instantly grabbed her crotch. She was feeling urge to pee, bud excepted to feel wetness

- Oh, right it was only a dream... - She muttered to herself.

Hermione put on her normal clothes and went of to library - her watch was showing her 10:30 am. But for real it was 11:30 am. She had 2 more hours to go to toilet. Hermione has spent 1 hour in there. She was told from Professor McGonagal that Ron and Harry were in hospital wing for healing some scratches, so Hermione haven't worried about them. While being in library she was holding her crotch under her white panties. She really had urge to pee, but she knew she could ignore it. She even tried something weird. She made sure no one can see her and she spreaded her legs and tried to pee at full force. She couldn't do it, but the feeling made her moan from pleasure. She has done it few times. At last time she almost couldn't stop moaning, so she thought it was time to stop, or else she might get caught.

After library Hermione went to eat breakfast. Her watch showed her that she had 2 more hours until going to toilet. But in reality she had only one more hour. While she was eating she wasn't trying to hold pee with her hands or by crossing legs. She was given weird looks from other students when she moaned quietly and was closing her eyes and biting her lip. She was eating for 50 minutes. She was feeling now giant urge. It was hurting a bit, but Hermione was only feeling horny because of that urge. After 2 minutes she heard:

- As we have 8 minutes until 1:30 pm..... - Said someone's voice. Hermione was wondering how is it possible. She asked her Percy what time it is.

- It's 1:22 pm - Answered Percy. Hermione has sweated. "It's still 8 minutes, you can get to toilet..." She thought to herself. Her urge doubled. She went up from her seat and went straight to toilet, but professor Flitwick went to her and talked with her about things she was missing. It tool 5 minutes. "Oh shit, I must hurry!" Thought Hermione. "I have imly 3 minutes, or I'll be humilitated!" She was now running to nearest toilet. She was now feeling droplets of pee coming into her pantiesas she ran. Spell was wearing off! She had 2 more minutes. Hermione was now near Girl's restroom where Myrthe lived. But to her unluck Harry and Ron were coming from hospital wing by this way.

- Hermione! - Harry and Ron screamed and runned to hug Hermione. That shock made her pee a bit. She had stain in front of her black robes. She quickly welcomed them and made them go into Myrthe's restroom. She had 1 more minute.

- What's happening Hermione? You are running as you would have lake in your bladder! - Said Ron. Hermione blushed, not answered. She ran into nearest cabin. It was closed. And so were next 2 ones. And 3 next ones. She saw that every door was closed. Only one left. She was hearing moans from it. She opened it and saw Myrthe, fingering herself on toilet.

- Ohhhh Harryyyyyy fasteeeer. Yeeees likeeee tha-a - Was moaning Myrthe, until she got Orgasm. Then she noticed Hermione, Harry and Ron. She haven't stopped fingering.

- Can I go pee?! - Yelled Hermione, she was now holding her crotch very, very tightly. Spell stopped working. She started to leak.

- You can't... You saw me fingering and I'll see you peeing. - Said Myrthe and laughted.

After that Hermione looked at Harry and Ron. She muttered "Please do som...." and started to pee. She was crossing her legs, holding her crotch under panties. Nothing helped. She started to feel her panties going wet more and more. After few seconds they were completly soaked. She felt streams of pee going down her legs. She was moaning now. She, like Myrthe who was now fingering herself to view of Hermione's accident, had orgasm. In front of her 2 best friends.

She wuickly took her school robe of to not wet it. Down her legs were going a lot of streams. Her panties were now so wet that they got transparent ad her vagina was visible. Hermione by being horny put her finger in vagina and started to masturbate while peeing. She got orgasm once again. After 7 minutes of full force wetting she was exhaused, the floor was completly wet with her pee. Harry and Ron were just looking at it in silence. They were enjoying what they have seen. After 1 minute Hermione has looked. At Harry and Ron with very red blush:

- Please, don't launch I can explai- She didn't want them to tell it to everyone.

- It could happen to anyone - Said Harry. - Also it looked pretty sexy... - He added, and Hermione blushed even more somehow.

- Because you've seen my down parts already because of my wet pants I'll take them off... - She said and took off her pee soaked panties in front of Harry and Ron, who have gone red. Hermione said them, that they can touch her down parts, if they both promise not to tell anyone about it. They both had touched her private parts. While they have been doing it, Hermione peed a bit on Harry's hand.

- Oopsie, sorry - said Hermione blushing. - I'll put on my school robes and we can head back to our dormitory. - She added.

- Ok, said Harry.

Hermiona asked Ron and Harry to help her showering, still in Myrthe's bathroom. In half of showering Hermione started to pee, when Ron touched her vagina. She peed for 1 minute.

- I think it's end... - Said Hermione blushing. After she put her school robes on, without her panties, she almost got out of the bathroom, but then she saw Myrthe. She forgot to ask her to not tell it to anyone.

- Myrthe, can you please not tell it to anyone? - She asked.

- If you give me your wet panties and come sometimes to pee here... - Myrthe answered with naughty smile.

- Okay, you can have them, and I'll be sometimes coming here to pee - Said Hermione and gave Myrthe her panties.

Hermione with Ron and Harry headed back to their dormitory. Only they and Myrthe knew about it.

*002*2019-05-15 22:36

{{9 hours ago, Imouto Kitten said:

Okay, I usually don't harp on spelling and grammar mistakes because even professional writers make them from time-to-time and there are plenty of people who write stuff in English when it isn't their native language.

Unfortunately, this is in such desperate(no pun intended) need of editing that I couldn't get past the first paragraph. In an effort to be helpful, here's my edit of the first few lines of this story:

More than six weeks had passed since Hermione was petrified. During that time she had been fed by special potions and charms, but it was finally the day she would be revived; the mandrakes had matured and the restorative draught had been prepared. Madam Pomfrey applied the potion into Hermione's mouth. After a few minutes she woke up feeling a gigantic urge to pee. Madam Pomfrey noticed that, and cast a spell.

I'd offer to proofread the rest, but I'm not sure I have the patience to be an editor, but I hope even this small sample is useful in helping you improve your writing.

}}

Thank you for informing me. I'm still learning how to write fanfics. Thank you so much for that edited version, now I see what mistakes I'm doing.

