Two Little Vampires Part1

Author: Kaiser_Konig

*000*2021-05-06 04:50

Note: all characters are 18 years or older.

Also, first story....go easy on me.

As the sun peeked over the horizon Johnathan sat up and looked through the dirty windows of the abandoned building he and his sister, Kelly, were staying in. He leaned over and poked Kelly “Kelly, it’s time to wake up.””Nooo! Five more minutes”

“Kelly, get up now before the sun gets too high up. If you don’t we won’t be able to go outside to pee cause we’ll get burnt. So, get up now!” Johnathan said as he quickly pulled the blanket off of her revealing her wet sex underneath. Johnathan’s face turned as red as a fire truck as he asked “Kelly where are your underwear and pajama bottoms?””OH Shit” she yelled as she tried to cover herself up while blushing. “Language!”

“I don’t give a fuck about my language go get my bag and get my skirt and underwear” she yelled “and get my bra and shirt too!”

“Jesus! You may be older by five fuckin minutes but damn i have a stronger bladder, what is this the third fuckin time in two days that you’ve pissed your pants”

“Yeah i pissed myself that’s better than what happened to you when you tried to drain that cow”

“We agreed we’d never fucking mention that again!”

“You shit yourself”

“s..shut the fuck up!”Johnathan said as he started to unzip his jeans, he turned around and sighed as a powerful stream of pee flowed from his member. Little did he know Kelly had snuck up behind him “BOO!” Kelly yelled “OH” he yelped “shit Kelly you gave me a heart attack” Kelly giggled “ now turn around I gotta go too” Kelly turned around and squatted using Johnathan’s leg for support. She sighed as a weak stream poured from her sex “most of it came out last night” A few minutes later she stood up and pulled her panties up over her plump ass and then pulled up her black denim skirt and bucked her belt.

She grabbed her helmet and goggles and scarf. She put the helmet and the goggles on then wrapped the scarf around her neck and cheeks. Johnathan had done the same, but had black jeans and a black long sleeve shirt. Kelly pulled on her black 3/4 length socks and pulled on her shoes. Johnathan pulled on his boots and grabbed the sleeping bags and tossed Kelly her now dry soiled clothes which she packed into a bag and slung it over her shoulder and walked outside to Johnathan’s bike. A WW2 era motorcycle with a sidecar. Kelly sat in the sidecar and Johnathan drove. After Johnathan climbed on he checked a snub nosed .44 revolver and holstered it in between the motorcycle and the sidecar. He started the engine, revved it and drove off down the road toward the highway.

To be continued….

*002*2021-05-07 04:55

{{13 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Not a bad start, but would you mind changing the text so it does not show up black and I don't have to highlight it in order to read it?

}}

How do I edit it? It’s been a while since I’ve been on the site and am no long familiar with the controls, though I will make sure the font is easier to read in upcoming parts.

