Peepee Diaries

Author: KateWalsh

*000*2025-07-08 22:37

Lana documents her daily tinkles and bouts of desperation in her diary.

Dear Diary,

I really had to go pee a lot today. I let out two really relieving, long desperate ones earlier and joe I feel another one brewing, I’m definitely going to have to pee more before I sleep. Uuuy

Just now I be tried wetting my shorts in the bathtub and on the toilet. It’s not huge but if someone saw my shorts they’d know I started TJ have an accident, j can feel my wet accident up the ass of my shorts. It feels sexy to wet again.

Lana

*001*2025-07-09 01:16

Dear dirty diary,

Hey there old friend. Your good girl Lana is back to report on another bathroom break. Well a few bathroom breaks in the past couple days that I REALLY REALLY needed!!

What I love about going is how every wee wee is relieving and satisfying yet different in the way it comes out. For instance a couple days ago I had found myself full after holding for a few hours and when I finally got to have my potty break i started thinking slowly that eventually picked up to a heavy, hissy tinkle that poured out of me like rain.

It felt so good and of course I was sighing from the huge relief of emptying. I loved feeling all of the heavy tinkles messily running around my ass and vagina and hearing all the urine pour and piddle loudly into the bowl.

“Ahhhhhh”, I sighed loudly as I felt the pressure intensify from my load of urine as I started gushing harder . I glanced at my peeing pussy, my lips wide open from the powerful jets making their way out. I admired how much was coming out of me!

”oh man” I said to myself “I really need to go”

I had been urinating heavily for at least a minute already and I stil felt there was so much more to go. So I started to push harder. I let out powerful piss jets and watched the gush push aside my lips exposing my pink pussy where the peepee comes out. After a few big pushes I got tired from exertion. I knew there was more pee in me so I did a push, the pee jet went “Whooosh” as it gushed out and then I relaxed my muscles and went right back into relaxing easy tinkling. Which actually felt so good because I was actually somewhat close to being empty.

This peeps took a long time and I took my time really emptying fully. After my heavy tinkle my stream stopped. I relaxed and waited for a few seconds, felt more in me…..pushed, and yup, more tinkers. And it went like that for a minute or so. Sit/relax a minute, feel more in there, tinkle it out, sigh and wait for the next one until I FINALLY felt no more in me!!

