Jack and Lila #1

Author: KoweWrites

*000*2025-07-24 20:34

"Lila," Jack hissed between clenched teeth, hands straining against the ropes that bound his hands and feet to their bedframe. He was bare, on full display for his wife as she watched him carefully.

His cock had a ring around it, hard and pulsing but nothing could come of it.

Worse of all? She'd kept him here for hours and kept hydrating him like he was a fucking flower.

He needed to piss, dammit.

His lower abdomen was tight, *aching*, and Lila looked like she had no intentions of letting him up. He'd had to hold it for a while, before, but this was especially pressing.

"Can you just fuck me, already?"

Lila laughed softly, reaching over and grabbing a water bottle from the nightstand closest to her side of the bed. She uncapped the bottle and brought it to his lips.

"You mean, you haven't figured it out yet?" she purred, beginning to tilt the bottle. Jack had no choice but to drink.

Jack swallowed, even as he squirmed. He did not need more water. Then it hit him and his eyes narrowed on hers.

"This is what we're doing, then?" He asked when she pulled the bottle away. He wiggled his hips, trying to relieve some of the pressure on his bladder.

It didn't work.

"Well, I'M doing this. You don't have much of a choice," Lila explained. She grabbed a pillow from the front of the bed and tapped Jack's hip, instructing him to raise up. Once he did, she slid the pillow underneath him.

A startled gasp ripped from Jack's lips, straining with his eyes screwed tight. He already didn't have a lot of room to move; this stretched him completely out.

"What are you doing to me?" He asked, eyes heavily lidded. God he needed to cum. He needed to piss.

A deep laugh rumbled in Lila's chest. She traced her fingertips across Jack's navel before roughly grabbing his cock and pumping it hard, massaging the aching tip with her thumb.

"I'm experimenting," she finally answered, her voice casual. Like she wasn't committing borderline torture.

Jack whimpered, the noise catching in his throat as he shut his eyes, desperately trying to rut into Lila's hand.

"Please, Lila," he murmured.

"Please? Please what?" Lila asked, pulling her hand off then leaning down to slowly lick the bead of precum and piss that had escaped the tip of Jack's dick.

"God, FUCK!" Jack slammed his head back, hips straining harshly as his mind went fuzzy.

"Fuck me. Fuckmefuckmefuckme!"

His dick twitched, a mix of needing to come and needing to piss swirling in what little thoughts he had.

Lila gave Jack a minute to calm down, gently running a hand through his hair. Once she was sure he could think again, she spoke.

"I'll give you a choice, love. You can cum, OR you can piss. Pick."

"What?" Jack murmured, eyes opening to stare up at Lila.

"Lila. No. Please," he basically whined. He needed both. God he needed both. If he didn't he was going to fucking explode.

"If you don't pick one, you get neither," Lila answered simply. She smiled innocently down at her husband.

"Fuck," Jack hissed, shaking his head. Lila had a unique way of making him absolutely desperate. In apparently more than one way.

"...Wanna cum," he finally said, wincing as the pressure in his bladder increased. God, it was so much.

Like a switch had been flipped, Lila yanked off Jack's cock ring and began pumping his dick with an expert hand. She leaned down, breathing hotly against his ear.

"Cum for me, love."

Jack's eyes rolled into the back of his head, stars bursting behind them the moment the ring was off.

A deep, guttural, loud moan ripped its way from his throat, abdomen clenching.

He cursed as a shot of pain shot through his bladder before he was cumming, spurts of white coating both of their bodies.

"Good boy," Lila praised softly, watching as Jack came all over the bed. As soon as he was done, she slid down and wrapped her mouth around his still hardened dick, pressing the heel of her hand into his aching bladder.

"Shit!" Jack hissed, hips instinctively jerking as far away from the offending touch on his bladder as he could, actively fighting against the urge to rut into her hot mouth. He couldn't go far.

He clenched his teeth hard, trying desperately not to break the fragile dam that was holding back an ungodly amount of piss.

"Lila," he hissed, hands jerking at his restraints. "Lila. It's too much. Toomuch!"

Lila continued like she didn't hear him. In fact, she added more pressure to his overfilled organ. She was going to get what she wanted, one way or another.

"Agh!" Jack's body shook as his hips wiggled, an intense wave rolling through his bladder and up his dick as Lila placed so much pressure on him.

He wasn't going to make it.

"Shit, shit!" The dam cracked, a spurt escaping him with dizzying relief that made it impossible to stop it again.

He groaned deeply as it kept coming, emptying his aching bladder rapidly right down Lila's throat. His arms went limp in their restraints.

