Sauna Standoff

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2022-06-11 23:26

Hey, all. Been a while. This was my entry for the May 2022 Writing Competition. More may come when the competition is over.

Sauna's Perspective:

The cool air greeted Sandra as she walked through the automatic doors of the gym, a welcome reprieve from the heat of this unusually warm spring day.

She cracked open her can of pre-workout energy drink. Sandra braced herself as she took a big gulp of the carbonated, heavily caffeinated, supplement. The cheery-sweet rocket pop theme on the can did little to undercut the bitter, chalky flavor of the liquid inside. It was bad, but Sandra figured it was a small price to pay for a sculpted physique.

It was about 4 in the afternoon, so the gym wasn’t exactly packed, but there were still plenty of people around. This was how Sandra liked it, just enough to keep her focused, motivated, and safe, but not so many that people would bother her or make her wait for equipment.

Sandra had been coming to this gym for close to a year now. It was large and offered a lot of amenities. She had managed to make a lot of progress since joining.

As Sandra walked past the front desk, she saw a man in a maintenance uniform talking to the receptionist. The woman at the desk seemed confused and the man looked nervous.

Sandra just shrugged and walked past. There was probably some equipment down, nothing for her to worry about.

As she reached the locker room, Sandra chugged down the last of her energy drink. She cringed as the last bit of concentrated flavor stuck to her tongue. Sandra quickly cleansed her pallet with a large gulp from her water bottle.

She looked down at her bottle. A third of its contents were already gone since leaving her house. That shouldn’t be a problem, the full bottle was close to a liter. Even if she did run out, there were fountains all around the building.

Sandra carelessly shoved her duffel bag into a locker and got changed into her workout clothes- a red sleeveless shirt and black biker shorts with a red stripe down the side.

Sandra’s ears perked up at the constant splatter sound of the showers. She suddenly became aware of a slight pressure in her lower abdomen. Those pre-workout drinks always went right through her.

She paused for a moment to consider the toilet stalls around the corner, but decided against it. She didn’t want to waste any more time and potentially cool down. Besides, going too early risked breaking the seal and ruining her entire workout. Sandra was confident she could hold it through her entire routine. She’d done it before.

With that settled, and her body starting to buzz from the energy drink, Sandra excitedly left the locker room to get this day started.

A little over half an hour later, Sandra was deeply into her rhythm, her bladder the furthest thing from her mind.

Midway through her set of rows, the generic rock music playing over the sound system was interrupted by a loud, shrill beep, breaking her focus. A woman’s voice came over the speakers,

“Attention, gym patrons! Due to some emergency maintenance, the water supply to this building will be temporarily shut off in 10 minutes! This should not affect regular operations, but all fountains, showers, and similar utilities will be out of service during this time. Please take the next 10 minutes to make use of these facilities if you need them. Again, the water supply, and all related utilities, will be temporarily shutting off in 10 minutes! We apologize for any inconvenience.”

That was weird, Sandra thought. That had never happened before. Usually work like that was done overnight. The announcement was so sudden, too.

With her attention pulled off of her workout, Sandra became more aware of the world around her. The slight pressure from earlier had upgraded to a dull throb in her bladder. It still wasn’t an emergency, but it was enough for her to consider going to the bathroom, especially since she didn’t know when she would get her next chance to go.

Sandra finished off her sets of rows, then stood up and wiped off the machine. She looked down at her stomach, considering her options for a moment. As much as she was reluctant to suspend her workout, the window of opportunity for a toilet break was closing. While she could probably still hold it much longer, Sandra decided it was better to be safe than sorry.

She picked up her water bottle- which now only held about a fourth of its original contents- and walked to the locker room.

Upon arrival, Sandra was greeted by a frustrating sight. The three functional stalls were already occupied, with a line of four other women waiting their turn, some looking more restless than others.

Even in the best of circumstances, waiting her turn would take several minutes. Getting back to the locker room had already cut into her routine. If Sandra waited in this line, she would lose all momentum and basically have to start her workout all over.

That thought, combined with the overwhelming splatter coming from the shower rooms, frustrated Sandra enough that she gave up on her pee break.

With a huff, Sandra left the locker room. She stopped by a fountain to refill her water bottle and hurried back to the equipment.

After a couple quick sets, Sandra was back into the trance of getting gains. As soon as she found her focus, it was ripped away from her as another announcement cut through the air.

“Attention gym patrons! We will now be shutting off the water for emergency maintenance. It is estimated that this will take around 20 minutes. We will provide updates as we get more information. We apologize again for the inconvenience.”

20 minutes? That was nothing. If Sandra had known the shutoff would be so short, she wouldn’t have wasted her time earlier. She knew everything would be just fine. That was, until Sandra stood up from her last set of lat pull downs.

She wasn’t sure if it was the intensity of her workout, the new energy drink, or the knowledge that she had nowhere to go, but the urgency from Sandra’s bladder had increased immensely. It wasn’t a full-blown emergency yet, but it was enough that Sandra would usually make finding a bathroom her top priority. Unfortunately, that wasn’t an option now.

Sandra checked her watch and noted the time. 20 minutes, that was all she needed to wait.

As a precaution, Sandra started to slow down and decrease the intensity of her remaining exercises. She became much more mindful about taking sips from her now half-empty water bottle. She told herself she wasn’t afraid of having an accident, but there’s nothing wrong with being careful, right?

In between sets, Sandra found herself moving a little more stiffly, keeping her thighs close together. She kept anxiously checking her watch, which only made the time pass more slowly.

As the seconds trickled on, so, too, did the fluids entering Sandra’s bladder. Her urge was getting worse by the minute. She tried to remember if there was ever a time she had to pee this bad.

Unfortunately, she could remember. It was just after she had started making an effort to get more active. She was on her longest run yet and it hit her all at once. She was as far from home as she could get. That time, she slipped into a park, positioned herself behind a bush, crouched down, and-

Sandra shook her head as she snapped back to the present. That was not what she needed to be thinking about right now! The memory of that release only made things worse. She swore, she could feel all the urine pushing just at the edge of her urethra.

Sandra shifted in place, frantically rubbing her legs together. She glanced around to make sure no one was looking. Sandra may not know many of the people here personally, but she still saw several of them regularly. She would hate to be known as the girl potty dancing on the main floor.

A voice creeped into the back of Sandra’s head. ‘It would be even worse to be the girl who peed her pants.’

No! She couldn’t think like that! She could hold it! She had to!

Sandra glanced at her watch again. About 8 minutes left. Easy. Just a few more light sets and she’d be in the clear.

Perhaps feeling a little too confident, Sandra went over to the inclined bench. She figured she could finish up with another set of inclined sit-ups. Normally, this was a low-intensity, yet challenging, exercise.

Things started out smoothly enough.

1…

2…

3…

She counted out her reps.

4…

5…

6-

Sandra froze as she got to the peak of her movement. Every muscle she could spare tensed up as the pressure on her pee hole rose to new heights.

She looked around to make sure no one could see her. Once she knew she was in the clear, Sandra took her fight to the next level. She removed a hand from her head and squeezed down on her crotch, alleviating a lot of the pressure.

After a worrying few moments, this desperate wave subsided. Sandra removed her hand and uncurled herself to finish that rep.

Sandra hung there for a moment, evaluating her situation. The desperate spike had passed. Her bladder was still stretched, but it was a nagging urge, not an urgent emergency.

This was when Sandra made another mistake. She wanted to get to 15 to finish her set. She thought she had enough control to keep going.

7…

8…

9…

10…

Sandra moved slower and controlled her motion better. Everything seemed fine.

11…

12…

13…

14…

15-

Just as Sandra started her last rep, she felt it! A hot jet of pee burst out of her, dampening the seat of her underwear!

That was all that came out this time, but Sandra knew a warning shot when she felt one.

The voice in her head returned ‘Which is more embarrassing? Wetting your pants at the gym, or having to clean your own pee off the equipment?’

No, no, no! Sandra yelled at herself. She was not going to think like that!

Sandra decided that was good for this particular workout. She unhooked her legs and carefully slid off the bench. As she got to her feet, Sandra nervously examined the bench. Thankfully, it seemed the only fluid she left on it was her sweat. She cleaned it off.

Subtly shaking her hips, Sandra checked her watch once more. Less than 5 minutes. The home stretch. She could do this!

Sandra briefly considered waiting by the stalls for the staff to give the go-ahead that the water was back on, but she worried the sight of a toilet right now would be too tempting.

As a compromise, Sandra went over to a section of yoga mats laid out near the locker rooms. She proceeded to stretch very, very carefully. Her limited range of motion meant the stretches were barely effective, but she didn’t care. All Sandra needed right now was to look busy while she waited for this ‘emergency maintenance’ to end.

Finally, the familiar beep sounded over the intercom. Sandra froze in place. She wanted to dash into the locker room right now and be the first one at the toilets, but she was afraid to jump the gun.

Sandra was glad she didn’t move. The announcement was not what she expected. It was also the last thing she wanted to hear:

“Attention gym patrons! We have just received word that there were unexpected complications. Unfortunately, this means the water will remain shut off until further notice. Due to this, the gym will be closed to the public for the rest of the day. We ask that you finish your activities and exit the building by 5:30! Again, the gym will be closed for the rest of the day, please finish your activities and clean up in the next 30 minutes. We apologize for the inconvenience.”

There were faint groans from around the gym, but Sandra couldn’t hear them over the sound of her screaming internally.

Until further notice? Everything’s still shut down? Why couldn’t they announce that sooner?

There weren’t any public restrooms nearby.

Even worse, Sandra had ridden her bike to the gym. In the best of circumstances, she had a 10 to 15 minute ride home. These were not the best of circumstances.

Putting aside the major complications of riding a bike with an overfilled bladder, Sandra didn’t think she had that much time!

Sandra took in a deep breath and tried to organize her thoughts. Sure, a bathroom was out of the question, but there had to be another option.

She was in the middle of the city in broad daylight, so outdoors wasn’t an option. Her water bottle was still a third of the way full. It probably wouldn’t be able to contain her full flood. Even if it could, she would need a private space to fill it up. This gym had to have something…

That’s it! There was a pool! Sure, it was gross, but other people did it, too, right? And this was an emergency. Besides, they were probably going to have to drain and clean it after today. No one would ever know.

Sandra walked as casually as she could to sneak a glance at the pool area. Sure enough, there were still people inside swimming laps and playing around. There was time!

The sight of splashing water didn’t help Sandra’s current condition, but she had hope. This hope gave her the strength to keep holding just a bit longer.

The rules for the pool required a proper swimsuit. Sandra would get in trouble if she tried to dive in dressed in her workout clothes, but that wasn’t a problem.

Sandra was a bit of a forgetful person. As a result, she always made sure to pack her gym bag with all the gear she would need for any routine. That included a swimsuit.

With a plan in mind and the clock ticking, Sandra quickly ducked into the locker room. Avoiding the temptation to look at the forbidden sanctuary of the toilets, Sandra hurried to her locker.

Sandra danced from foot to foot as she frantically dug through her bag. It was messy and she had a hard time finding anything on a normal day. The fact that her brain was currently floating didn’t help. It took a minute, but Sandra finally found her tight, white, athletic top and bikini trunks.

Now, she just had to get changed.

Sandra was able to change her top easily enough. Her shorts would be another story.

Sandra took a deep breath and clenched her kegels as tightly as she could in order to lean over and part her legs to remove her shorts and socks. Everything was still under control. Now, for her underwear.

As soon as Sandra’s panties were down, she felt a torrent of pee rushing down her urethra. A few drops started to slip out as Sandra’s hand shot to her crotch. She gripped down as hard as she could, writhing in place to try and keep some semblance of control.

It was like her entire body was shouting at her, ‘Why aren’t you peeing? Your pants are down, that means it’s time to go, right? Just pee!’

For a moment, Sandra contemplated relenting to her body’s protests. There was a drain on the floor, the flooring was waterproof, what could it really hurt?

But there were other women in the locker room, women who Sandra saw often. Best case scenario, they laugh at her and she gets a reputation for having accidents. Worst case scenario, they report her to the staff and she gets banned from the gym.

As this moment of weakness subsided, Sandra quickly hiked up her bikini bottoms. She subtly looked around the room. It didn’t seem like anyone had seen her desperate performance just then. At least, no one was acknowledging it.

As soon as her swimsuit was on, Sandra snatched a towel and hurried to the pool. Relief was within reach, she just had to hold on a little longer.

Sandra took careful steps, making sure to keep her thighs pressed together. Any slack in her stance would cause her to leak. It was a delicate dance. She had to hurry, but any sudden movements might cause her to burst. Every thud of Sandra’s bare feet against the cold linoleum floor sent shockwaves through her body.

None of that mattered anymore. It was all about to be over. She was so close.

Sandra rounded the corner… just in time to see one of the gym staff locking the door to the pool!

Her heart sank. Sandra’s eyes started to water. She wasn’t sure if it was out of frustration or all the pent up liquids in her system.

What now? It wasn’t like she could ask the guy to unlock the pool so she could pee in it. What if she lied and said she wanted to swim laps? Not a chance. The pool area was empty and it was almost closing time.

Sandra ducked behind the corner before the staff member could see her. She didn’t want to risk having to explain her situation.

Sandra went back into the locker room, looking around in a panic. She had to find something, anything, to save her from an accident.

With a very slight hope, she took a look at the toilets. Sure, they couldn’t flush, but she could still relieve herself into one. It was just pee, it wouldn’t be that bad.

Unfortunately, she saw someone in a maintenance uniform examining the pipes near the stalls. Not only did this mean the toilets weren’t an option, but the sinks and floor drains were off limits, too.

Sandra moved on to the showers. Maybe she could squat over one of the drains?

No chance. The showers were taped off, and there were more maintenance people nearby.

What about the drain in the changing room?

There were still some women hanging around getting changed and talking, clearly not in a hurry.

Sandra swallowed nervously.

The voice in her head returned, ‘If you just give up now, it’ll all be over. No one would blame you.’

Sandra refused. She couldn’t give up now. She had fought so hard to last this long. She couldn’t let her efforts go to waste.

Sandra was tough and resourceful. There had to be another option. The pool was out. Employee restrooms were off limits. The studios wouldn’t help.

Finally, it hit her. There was a sauna!

The gym offered a wet sauna for relaxation and recovery. It warmed up and evaporated water to create steam. Surely, it could evaporate pee, too!

…Well, maybe not, but it would be wet enough in there that a little extra moisture shouldn’t be that noticeable.

It was far from an ideal solution, but it was Sandra’s last resort. She was desperate. All she had to do was get to the sauna, drain herself all over the floor, and get the hell out of there before anyone notices. No one would have to know.

Sandra grabbed her towel and walked over to the sauna. It was a co-ed sauna, open to all members.

Next to the door, there was a sign taped to the wall that had clearly been typed up by some tired employee:

“For the consideration of all guests and staff,

Appropriate clothing must be worn in the sauna at all times”

Fortunately, swimsuits were considered appropriate clothing.

The sauna also had a maximum time limit of 20 minutes. That was no problem. Sandra wouldn’t need nearly that long.

Sandra opened the door and was greeted by a wave of warm, humid air. She was also greeted by the sight of five other people already sitting in the sauna.

This was frustrating, but it was manageable. Everyone else had already been in here for a while, they would have to leave sometime soon. All Sandra had to do was wait it out until she was alone. Then, she could pull her pants aside and let it all gush out over the floor, feeling the incredible relief-

Sandra shook her head and twisted her legs together. She had to stay focused, it wasn’t time to let it out yet.

Sandra sat down in an empty spot on the bench on the right side of the sauna. The warm seat felt strangely nice in her current situation.

Sandra let her towel drop off her shoulders and fall around her, leaving her sat there in only her swimsuit. This didn’t bother her. She had worked hard to get this body. She had strong legs, defined arms, and great abs. The only thing Sandra was embarrassed of was this large, rock-hard bump just below her abs.

The sauna felt nice. Sandra had been in here a few times before. Any other day, she would lean back on the bench, spread out, and relax. Unfortunately, relaxing was pretty much impossible right now, and stretching out or leaning back would be very dangerous.

Instead, she was sitting bolt upright with her legs clasped tightly together. She had to strike a balance between subtlety and practicality. She couldn’t grab herself or squirm and let everyone see how desperate she was, but she had to do something or she would leak. As a compromise, both of Sandra’s hands rested on top of her lap, trying to find some way to apply more pressure. Every so often, Sandra shifted her position and pressed her hands a little deeper into her crotch.

The cool condensation forming on Sandra’s skin, right over her stretched bladder, felt so weird. It was like tiny fingers running their way over her stomach. She could feel herself sweating. How Sandra wished she could just sweat out her full bladder.

Sandra looked around the room to see if she could estimate how much longer she needed to wait for the others to clear out. There were three younger people- maybe teenagers- sitting together and talking. They looked tired. A middle aged man was leaned over, sweating heavily, on the other side of the bench. He wouldn’t be much longer. The last person was an older man. Sandra couldn’t get a read on how long he had been there. All things considered, Sandra judged that she would be left alone before too much longer.

The occasional hiss of water being automatically added to the heater was grating on Sandra’s mind. She wanted so badly for that to be her water sizzling away. Unfortunately, it would be impossible for her to aim her stream that far, even if there weren’t a grate over the heater.

Sandra scanned the room while she waited for it to clear out. She wanted to find the best spot to empty herself now so she could start as soon as she had the chance.

She briefly considered pulling her bikini aside and peeing on the bench. At that point, it wouldn’t be much different from wetting herself. Besides, the benches were wooden, so the urine might soak in. That was a no-go.

The door had a small glass window. While the steam fogged it up, Sandra didn’t want to take the risk of her privates being on full display to anyone passing by. Thankfully, she couldn’t see any cameras in or around the sauna. That meant she only had to worry about people coming into the room after she started.

There wasn’t a lot of floor space, but Sandra figured she could safely crouch down between the benches and the heater. Her best bet would be to use the corner. That way, the heater would hide her from anyone looking through the window, and she shouldn’t run the risk of getting the heater wet.

She had a spot and a plan, now all Sandra needed to do was wait. And wait she did…

After maybe 5 minutes, the group of teenagers got up and left. The middle aged man quietly walked out a few minutes later.

Now, all Sandra needed was to outlast this old man. Good. He definitely couldn’t stay much longer.

Then, Sandra would be free to squat down, pull her pants down, and let it all out-

Sandra was forced back into reality by a short spurt dampening her trunks. She shivered and tensed up her entire body. No time for daydreaming, not while she’s this close.

Then the door opened again.

A short young woman sheepishly entered the sauna. She had a towel tightly wrapped around herself. She slowly looked between the two occupants of the sauna. She almost looked scared.

The woman closed the door, but lingered in the entrance for a little while longer. Sandra heard the woman quietly whimper as she shifted from one foot to the other. For a second, Sandra thought she was going to turn back around and leave.

After a second, the girl walked over to the bench opposite Sandra and stepped up, sitting down on the higher bench. The girl couldn’t sit still. Sandra watched as she shifted in place, grinding her butt into the bench. The way she closed off her body made her look even smaller. The woman had one hand carefully clutching the towel closed over her chest while the other sat heavily on her lap. Her ankles were crossed and her feet restlessly rubbed against one another.

If Sandra didn’t know any better, she would say this girl was also bursting...

No, she was probably just self-conscious. She looked new to the gym.

Sandra grit her teeth. This newcomer was just going to add to her wait time. Still, she was young, nervous, and new. She probably wouldn’t last too long in the damp heat.

Three more minutes and Sandra’s thighs were starting to cramp up from being tensed for so long. She pressed her right palm firmly into the front of her bikini, using her left hand to cover it. She was warm, sweaty, and thirsty, but none of that mattered. The only thing that mattered right now was preventing her pee from coming out until she was alone.

Finally, the old man got up. He nodded to both the women and said “Have a nice evening.” before leaving.

Now, there was only one more obstacle. Sandra just had to outlast this random new girl.

Sandra chewed the inside of her cheek in frustration. The new girl was already turning red. She was staring downward, her eyes out of focus. Her hands were balled into fists on the bench next to her. The woman kept shifting on the spot and her feet were fidgeting. Surely, she couldn’t last much longer.

This was so annoying. If this girl wasn’t here, Sandra would be unleashing the contents of her bladder all over the floor already. Instead, she was still waiting.

It would be a lie to say Sandra was at her limit. No, she had reached her limit more than 10 minutes ago. Right now, she was teetering on the precipice of disaster. At this rate, Sandra was sure she would lose control the second she stood up.

A part of Sandra wanted to yell at this woman to get out and give her some privacy. Maybe if she tried to disguise it as advice? Tell the girl not to spend too long in the sauna?

No. Even now, Sandra didn’t want to be that person giving unsolicited advice in the gym.

Maybe she could ask for help? Explain the situation and politely ask for some alone time?

What was she thinking? What would she say?

“You know this room where people sit and relax in steam? Well, I want to pee here because I’m about to wet my pants like a little kid after ignoring multiple warnings. So could you please look away and not report me for defacing gym property? Thanks!”

Yeah, not a chance.

Whatever Sandra was going to do, she needed to do it fast. She could feel cracks forming in the dam.

A gentle dribble began to work its way past her lips.

Sandra gasped and twisted her legs together. She writhed and slipped her left hand in between her thighs. After a few seconds, Sandra had managed to contain the flow, but not unharmed. She could feel a trickle of urine dripping down the inside of her leg.

Sandra looked across the room and saw the other girl looking at her! Their eyes met. Sandra felt so embarrassed. She hoped she wasn’t being too obvious. The woman’s eyes were wide and concerned. That only made Sandra feel worse.

Time seemed to freeze as both women held eye contact in that damp sauna. Sandra was frozen in place. The other girl was constantly shifting around. It really felt like one of them should say something.

The stalemate was broken by the door opening again. Both women instantly whipped their heads around to see who it was. If Sandra had to wait for another person to leave, she was going to explode.

Thankfully, it wasn’t someone wanting to use the sauna. Instead, a young man in a staff uniform stood in the door, looking down at his clipboard. He looked at the two women and put on a customer service smile.

“Sorry to intrude. Just checking in. The gym is closing in about 10 minutes, so could you try and finish up soon? Thanks!”

He nodded awkwardly and left.

Finish up soon? Sandra wanted nothing more than to do that. If only she didn’t have an audience!

Another leak further dampened Sandra’s swimsuit. Whatever she was going to do, she needed to do it quickly. She wasn’t sure if she could walk, much less leave the gym, in her condition. One way or the other, she was peeing right here. She would really prefer if it wasn’t in her pants.

Another leak. This time, it lasted for a full second. Sandra could feel it on her hand. Privacy may not be an option anymore! What could she do about this girl? What should she say?

Sandra was startled out of her thoughts by a hiss of steam rising from the heater. She jumped just a little. That little bit was all it took to upset her delicate equilibrium.

A light, persistent stream of pee began to come out.

Sandra tried to clench down and stop it, but it was no use. The fatigue had gotten to her. Sandra had no more strength to give. This was happening, and it was happening now!

Sandra groaned before shouting “Screw this!” to the humid room.

She stood up and slid her thumbs under the waistband of her bikini. As soon as she did, the floodgates burst open. The intensity of the stream in Sandra’s trunks increased exponentially. She wasn’t leaking anymore. She was peeing her pants!

She didn’t even try to stop it anymore. It was a lost cause at this point. This was damage control. All Sandra could do was try to salvage some bit of her dignity.

Sandra took two steps over to the corner and squatted down while pulling down her swimsuit.

Her pee exploded out of her, shooting into the wall and hitting the floor with a loud splatter.

Sandra shifted her feet for better balance. She looked down to check her footing and saw the damage. The entire seat of her bikini was totally dark. She had several tendrils of urine winding down both legs. Pee was splashing all over her bare feet.

Sandra whimpered, crouching frozen in the corner while her torrent echoed throughout the foggy room. This wasn’t urination at this point, it was full-blown muscle failure. Her bladder was still stretched far beyond its normal limits even after violently voiding for several seconds. The pain far exceeded any pleasure she could be feeling right now.

After about 10 seconds, Sandra regained her senses. She turned her head to the side and looked around. The young woman was still in the same spot. She was looking down with her eyes tightly shut. She wasn’t really who Sandra was worried about. This girl already knew what was happening.

Sandra watched the window out of the corner of her eye. She knew she wouldn’t be able to stop, even if someone were to walk in, but she wanted to be aware.

Despite the ambient heat in the room, Sandra shivered. Goosebumps formed all over her body. She did her best to suppress a moan, but the relief was too powerful. She let out a deep hum as she felt the pressure decrease.

For nearly a minute, the sauna was dead silent, save for the deafening roar of Sandra’s downpour slamming into the floor.

Slowly, gradually, the stream began to die down. It went from a loud splatter, to a concentrated trickle, to a light tinkle, and, finally, to a small drip. Sandra pushed a few more powerful bursts out of her. She wanted to make sure she was entirely empty after this.

Once she was sure there was nothing left to give, Sandra began to feel self-conscious. She turned her focus to the wall to evaluate the aftermath of her deluge.

The inside of her upper thighs were totally soaked, her calves and feet were covered in droplets, even her trunks weren’t spared the wrath of a few more stray sprays. The puddle she left covered the entire floor beneath her. It dominated the corner of the sauna and reached all the way to the base of the electric heater. Good thing that was in a protective case.

In a way, Sandra was almost proud to see just how much she had built up inside her. At least her pee was clear. That was supposed to be a good thing, right?

Sandra realized she had nothing to wipe with. Looking at her swimsuit, she realized she didn’t care. The crotch and butt were entirely drenched. If it weren’t for the dry waistband, she could realistically say she had gone swimming.

Sandra pulled her trunks up, the wet squish of the fabric meeting her damp nether regions in an odd clash that sent another shiver through her.

Her feet splashed in the puddle of her own making as she went to grab her towel. Sandra tried to dry off her legs as much as possible, hoping it wouldn’t be totally obvious she had just pissed all over herself when she left.

Then, Sandra remembered something. There was someone else in the sauna.

She awkwardly looked at the other woman. These two hadn’t said a single word to one another, and Sandra had just whipped down her pants and peed right in front of her. What a hell of a first impression.

The woman was still sitting in the same spot. She was looking down with eyes tightly closed. She was biting her lip. Sandra could see the girl quivering.

Sandra felt the need to say something. She wasn’t sure what she could say, but it wasn’t like she could embarrass herself any more.

“Hey, it’s fine. You can open your eyes now.” She said.

The girl let out a pathetic whimper. She didn’t look up. She didn’t move. Her quivering stopped. Then, it happened.

The small room was once again filled with a loud hissing sound. This time, it wasn’t Sandra.

Before long, the towel over the woman’s lap began to darken. A thin sheen of yellowish liquid spread out from underneath her, covering the bench. In seconds, several thin trickles began to pour over the edge of the bench, down to the seat below. The trickles gradually merged into two thick waterfalls on either side of this poor girl. These split falls formed a reservoir around the girl’s clenched feet.

Thinking quickly, Sandra turned away and stood in front of the door, trying to block as much of the window as possible. She may not be able to save this woman from an accident, but she could at least try to spare her any extra shame.

Eventually, the hissing stopped. The room continued to echo with drips as fluids fell from one level to the next. Turning around, Sandra saw a pitiful sight.

The bottom bench was covered in a large puddle, centered around the woman’s feet. There was another, smaller, circle of piss where she sat. A small pool of urine swirled in between the girl’s clenched thighs as she shook.

It was tough to tell from the sweat and steam, but Sandra thought she saw tears under the girl’s eyes. Sandra couldn’t stand seeing her like this. She had to try something.

“Why didn’t you say something earlier? It would have saved us both a lot of trouble.” Sandra tried to joke.

The woman gasped in surprise and looked up at Sandra. Sandra wasn’t sure if her face was red from the heat, the embarrassment, or both.

“Are you ok?” Sandra asked.

The girl barely managed to squeak out a meek “Uh-huh.”

“...Did you get it all out?” Sandra mindlessly blurted out.

Despite all odds, the woman turned a deeper shade of red. She looked down without responding.

Sandra sighed and nudged the girl’s shoulder.

“Hey, it’s fine. We were both in the same boat… On choppy waters, apparently.” Sandra forced a laugh.

The woman didn’t respond.

“I’m Sandra.” She reached out her hand, not sure what else to do.

The woman looked up again. She seemed slightly calmer.

“Abby.” She answered, her voice quiet and mousey.

Abby reached out and shook Sandra’s hand. There was a squishing sound. Sandra realized both of their hands were covered in pee. That didn’t matter. It wasn’t like things could get much worse.

Sandra grabbed her towel and offered it to Abby, seeing as her towel was barely usable at this point.

Abby unwrapped herself from her drenched towel and awkwardly slid off the bench. Her feet hit the floor with a wet slap. She gratefully accepted Sandra’s towel.

This was the first time Sandra got a good look at the young woman. She was short and slightly chubby, not too big, though. Abby was only wearing a gray sports bra on top. Below that, she had on a pair of loose blue shorts. The shorts were a little wet on the crotch, but completely soaked down the back.

“Now what?” Abby asked as she did her best to dry off.

“Now we get the hell out of here before anyone realizes what we did. We get changed, leave, and pretend nothing ever happened.”

“Um…” Abby started, “I don’t have any spare…” She didn’t finish her thought. Instead, she reached a thumb into her shorts and presented the band of a pink pair of panties.

Sandra squared up and began closely examining Abby’s body. She heard Abby whimper.

“They may be a little tight, but I have an extra pair that should fit you.” Sandra concluded.

“R-really?”

“Yeah. Now let’s get out of here already. I’m starting to feel dizzy.”

The two women carefully checked the hallway before exiting the sauna. Once they were in the clear, they quickly left and hurried to the locker room.

Thankfully, it was close enough to closing time that they were basically alone in the changing area.

Sandra grabbed her gym bag out of her locker and set it down next to Abby.

After getting out her street clothes, Sandra bent down and ripped off her damp bikini bottoms.

She heard a faint “Eep!” as Abby turned away.

“What? It’s not like I have anything you haven’t seen before.” Sandra muttered, jokingly.

Sandra quickly ran a towel over her privates before putting on her panties and jeans.

By the time she got her bra and t-shirt on, Abby had changed into her baggy t-shirt and was just starting to pull down her shorts.

“Here.” Sandra said, tossing Abby a spare pair of underwear from her bag.

Abby caught them and unfolded them. “Boxers?” She asked.

“Yeah. They’re comfortable.” Sandra shrugged.

Abby quietly took off her stained pink panties and tried to wipe herself off with what little dry space was left on her towel. She slipped the boxers on, followed quickly by her blue jeans.

“You know, they are comfortable.” Abby muttered.

Sandra chuckled. “Feel free to keep that pair. Pro tip: always bring a spare pair of underwear to the gym. Especially if you plan to get into heavy lifting.”

“Wait, really?”

“Just as a precaution!” Sandra shouted, realizing she may have said too much.

The women joined the small group of stragglers leaving the gym. After they got out of the door, the receptionist locked it.

Sandra and Abby looked at each other. It looks like they got away with it.

“So… where are you off to now?” Sandra asked, awkwardly.

“Well, my roommate will be here to pick me up in about 15 minutes. So, I guess I’m waiting here. You?”

“I rode my bike here. I… don’t really have anything else to do today.”

Sandra cleared her throat. “There’s a smoothie stand near here that makes some great supplement blends. We could… grab some and wait here together? You know, to make sure nothing happens.”

For the first time that day, Sandra heard Abby giggle.

“Deal. But let’s get the small size, ok?”

