The long road to Motherhood

Author: knockonthedoor

*012*2022-04-25 21:11

A/N: I apologize for the time it took to update this story. I extended this part and re-worked chapter 4. Hopefully this section is as good as the other two. As always, there'll be a few questions at the end. Feedback is not only appreciated but encouraged!

Chapter 3

Michelle was awoken by a violently slamming door. She blinked. Then squinted. The room was still dark, save for the sunlight that made its way around the curtains. Confusion was the first feeling she recognized. Then worry. Ashlynn was no longer beside her. Michelle rubbed her eyes. Why were her legs so cold?

Ashlynn didn’t know what to do. All she could do was stare. The outward reflection in the bathroom mirror looked like it wanted to cry. Inwardly, she was nowhere close to tears. Ashlynn felt anxious, worried. She was a day away from college, and she just wet her bed. It had to have been the wine. Is this what alcohol does? Maybe it’s just wine. Can I ever drink again? Does this run in the family? Her anxiety quickly turned to fear. Fear that she’d be ostracized, fear that it might happen to her again, maybe on a date, or like her Mother, in public.

Like a bolt of lightning, the images of yesterday’s travel struck her. Her Mother, desperately holding herself in front of Ashlynn, uncontrollably peeing down her legs. Would she end up like that? Ashlynn looked in the mirror again. With her legs firmly pressed together, only the top of the stain was visible on her crotch. Ashlynn was hit with a new sensation. Intrigue. She turned around, craning her neck to see her backside. Completely stained. Obvious. Turning back around she opened her thighs and slid off her stained shorts. She didn’t know what to feel, but disgust was not one of her emotions as she turned on the shower. If she wasn’t worried, Ashlynn was curious, and why she was more frightening than anything else. She turned on the shower, she needed a long one.

Michelle sat on the only dry spot left on the bed. She pajamas were soaked from her bedwetting, as was the bed. She felt cold, physically, but mentally she was worried. Worried that her daughter would hate her again, worried that this trip would be known for her accidents and nothing else, worried that she had blown her last chance at having what her husband had. A loving relationship with her daughter. Internally, she knew her misgivings. She was never willing to admit them. She lamented her inability to connect with Ashlynn sooner. Michelle feared what her daughter would say once she was out of the shower. It was a fear that kept her from voicing another concern. Her morning pee needed to be released, and the bathroom was well occupied.

Michelle put her book down. She looked at the clock next to the bed. Ashlynn had been in there for 45 minutes. Her bladder throbbed. It ached. Her abdomen was swollen, irritated at her stored morning pee. Placing her book on the table next to the bed, Michelle grabbed her crotch. Her mature pussy felt heavy. The tension in her muscles from holding herself was wearing on her. A thought she had tried to bury yesterday presented itself.

Pee here.

She shook her head. Telling herself not to. Her sexual mind tried again Bed’s already wet. You’re already wet. You’re cold. It’ll be warm.

Michelle took a deep breath and held her head in her hands. She looked over at her book again. It was just a detective book, but she had been reading a particularly sexual scene. It had to be that. Telling herself that she see her husband soon enough, Michelle got up and waked to the door. She took another breath, hoping Ashlynn would help her out.

“Ash? Baby, could…how long are you going to be?”

“Can I get like five more minutes mom?”

Michelle’s eyebrows perked up. Her daughter sounded normal. Cheery even. Michelle worried even more. She needed to pee. But she needed to salvage her daughter’s relationship first. She acquiesced, and made her way back to the bed, hoping her book would keep her occupied.

Michelle looked at the clock. It hadn’t even been four minutes. Especially after what she had put Ashlynn through yesterday, she wanted to give her daughter plenty of room. But sitting with her morning pee for nearly an hour was starting to take precedent. Michelle put her book back down, she wasn’t retaining any information anyway. The shower was still rushing water out of its faucet and the noise pounded in Michelle’s eardrums. Each droplet called to her through the walls. Burrowing in her mind, they gave the desperate Mother an option

Do it here. Ashlynn won’t notice. You’re already wet and so is the bed. Let her take her time.

As she held herself, Michelle rejected the idea, despite the temptation. She rocked back and forth, holding her cold, damp pajamas against her sensitive skin. She looked over to the clock again. Five minutes. Leaping up from the bed, Michelle took a step towards the bathroom. She stopped. A rush of desperation demanded her attention. Hinging at her hips, Michelle bent forward and exhaled. Her bladder had recovered from her mishap the day before and was willing to give her a chance. Burying her hands into the crotch of her damp pajamas, Michelle kept her legs crossed and waddled to the bathroom door. The noise of Ashlynn’s shower caused her to clench with all her might as she gently rapped on the door.

“Okay, Ashlynn?” Michelle bent her knees and began to bob up and down at the door “Baby, it’s been five minutes. Mammabear really…really… needs the bathroom.”

The shower turned off. Michelle hoped her daughter would open the door next. Instead, she gave another request.

“Can I get dressed real quick?”

“Ash, just let me pee and you can have all the time you need.” Michelle danced, marching her legs in place.

“Please mom? Can you wait? I’ll be quick, I promise!”

Michelle began to wonder if Ashlynn was keeping her locked out on purpose. Michelle pushed the idea away. As she attempted to understand her daughter’s position, she gave one final grace

“Alright. But be quick. I am not about to have another accident!”

Michelle began to pace in front of the door as she held herself. Biting down on one of her fingers, worry began to take hold of her mind.

I need to pee, oh my gosh I need to pee. I hope Ashlynn’s not keeping me. What if she hates me? Did I make my daughter hate me? Is she going to snap? What if I have another accident? Why did I like it yesterday?

Michelle stopped pacing and held herself, wiggling in desperation that was quickly reaching a climax. She nearly jumped as a sharp pain stabbed at her bladder. Her tiering muscles were nearly finished holding her morning pee. Michelle pushed her back up against the wall, and put one foot against it, using her thigh to assist her hand in holding it. She exhaled.

Its gonna happen! Hold it Michelle, hold it! You’re better than this! Don’t pee, don’t pee, don’t pee!

The hairdryer began to echo through the wall. Fear gripped Michelle as she swallowed hard. Expressing her anxiety as anger, she pounded on the bathroom door.

“Ash! I don’t have time for this! Open this door right now!” She pounded against the thin door again “C’mon baby, Mom really has to pee!”

Nothing. Michelle wasn’t even sure if Ashlynn could hear her over the sound of the hairdryer. She held herself tightly at the doorway.

You’re going to have to find another spot. You were good at this before. Find a trashcan or something

Gingerly putting one foot in front of the other, Michelle looked around the room. The hotel had provided a desk against the far wall near the window, but there was no trash can under it. Michelle looked against the main door. No trash can either. Between the bed. Nothing. Fear gripped her again

You could always wet your pajamas again. They haven’t dried yet.

For a moment, she considered it. The bed looked different to her. Inviting.

You could pee on the stain. Doesn’t matter now

Biting her lip, Michelle made a fearful decision. She scampered over to the bed and hopped on. Hoping that Ashlynn stayed in the bathroom, Michelle couldn’t bear the thought of her daughter exiting the bathroom and seeing what her mother was about to do.

Squatting over the stain of her daughter’s bed wetting, Michelle pulled down her pajama bottoms. Closing her eyes, she felt a strong rush of liquid push towards her exposed opening. Contracting her bladder muscles, Michelle could feel a moist sensation squirt out. A small arc stopped suddenly.

Her muscles clenched, her brain telling her no. Michelle was desperate, but couldn’t pee. She felt cold, vulnerable, and distraught as she squatted on the hotel bed. A small dollop of wetness had moistened the stained bed.

Pain. Her steely muscles had prevented her from getting her desperately needed relief. Michelle closed her eyes. She took a deep breath and prepared to try again. Contracting her frighted muscles, she tried to give herself permission to pee.

It’s ok Michelle. Ash needs her space. You can do this for her, as her mother. It’s alright if you have to go. She won’t see you

Her mental persuasion worked on herself. This time, Michelle felt the same rush of desperately held urine run towards her waiting pussy. With her eyes still closed, she could feel the first tingling sensation of relief. It was quickly followed by the first sounds of her pee pattering onto the mattress.

Michelle was ready to exhale. She had broken her mental barrier and was about to enjoy her release when she heard a knock on the main door.

“No!” She exclaimed.

Covering her slit with her free hand, Michelle’s pee quickly wet her fingers.

“Mom? Could you get that? I’m naked.”

“Ye-yeah..sure h-hon.” Michelle regained control.

As she slid her pajamas back over herself, a rogue rivulet of warm pee rolled down her leg, moistening her thigh as she carefully stepped off the bed. She wanted to cry. Her genitals burned with every agonizing step towards the door. Her bladder was angry, screaming like a petulant child that didn't get their way. With her legs crossed as tightly as she could squeeze them, Michelle answered the door, her hand buried into her crotch.

“Clean?” The cleaning service asked. She spoke with an Eastern European accent

“N-n-no, w-we’re ok…” Michelle’s body shook with the strain of holding her pee

“Ok. When I come back?” The woman asked in broken English

“L-lat-Ah!” Michelle slammed the door on the confused woman.

Despite her best efforts to hold it, Michelle was starting to spurt pee into her pajama pants again. Knowing the hot, moist liquid was the harbinger of another accident, she whipped around to the bathroom door and made one final, desperate plea to her daughter.

“Ashlynn. Honey. Please!” Michelle weakly knocked on the bathroom door, nearly in tears “I-I’m starting to pee my pants again.” Her voice cracking “Baby, please! I…I don’t want to h-have another a-accident.”

Michelle sunk towards the floor, pee still spurting into her pajamas. As she started to resign herself to the fact that she was about to wet her pants again, Michelle heard the click of the door lock.

Bursting into the bathroom with the last of her strength, Michelle darted towards the toilet. Upon seeing the porcelain bowl, her muscles gave in, and as Michelle pulled her pajama bottoms down, she sprinkled urine on the floor before she was able to hover over the toilet.

Michelle groaned as she hovered over the toilet. A loud hiss erupted through the small bathroom as Michelle lowered herself to sit on the bowl. An uncontrollable spray of hot pee splattered the edge of the bowl, splashing into the water with a sound that nearly matched the verbose hissing of her desperately held pee.

Michelle shuttered in ecstatic relief as she bent herself forward, then backwards against the back of the seat. Moaning as she continued to turn the toilet water yellow, she looked over to her topless daughter

“Oh, Ash, I’m sorry I invaded your space.” Michelle contracted her bladder muscles, continuing to spray a thick stream into the toilet. “But Mama really needed this. Ohmygosh I had to pee.”

Ashlynn tried to cover her ears but her mother’s moaning and hissing overpowered her senses. As her mother apologized again, Ashlynn made the mistake of looking over. Guess mom only shaves occasionally. Didn’t need to know that. Her mother made no effort to cover herself, and with her legs spread, Ashlynn could see the end of her mother’s pee stream begin to drip from her exposed snatch. Turning away, Ashlynn stepped out of the bathroom to give her pissing mother some privacy.

Michelle couldn’t help but sigh as she finished. Taking a few squares of toilet paper, she cleaned herself and flushed. The next moments between her and her daughter were quiet as embarrassment and worry settled in. Michelle had wet herself and now peed in front of her daughter. That was embarrassment enough. But worry overrode both incidents. Michelle was worried that her daughter had locked her out maliciously, and that Ashlynn had firmly decided to hate her mother. Michelle also worried for herself, in her desperation, she had not forgotten her own mind’s preoccupation with having another accident.

As she closed the bathroom door, Michelle couldn’t have felt more scared.

###

Ashlynn wanted to start small talking with her mother, but after their interaction in the hotel room, it was hard to start. After the two had put their soiled clothes into the same bag that held her mother’s wet jeans from the day before, they packed and took the elevator to the lobby. Not a word was spoken. As they got off of the elevator and took advantage of the complimentary breakfast, the two still hadn’t said a word. Ashlynn put the blame on her shoulders. Her mind was wrought with questions, and the only one that could answer them may not even speak to her.

Michelle didn’t feel very hungry as they sat down. Not only did the hotel food look sub-par, but the fear of what she had done to her relationship with her daughter had tied nots in her stomach. Eventually, Ashlynn came back with just and apple and some juice.

“That’s all you’re getting?”

Ashlynn nodded as she bit into her apple

“You know they had some gluten-free options at the end of the table?”

Ashlynn chewed and put her apple down on the small plate in front of her

“How’d you know I went gluten-free?”

“Your father and I were very worried with your problems last year. Of course I knew you were gluten-free.”

“You were worried so much you didn’t ever take me to the doctor.”

“Ash-I…”

The stress of the past two days and the fear of losing her daughter’s respect came of Michelle. To stop herself from crying, she put her head in her hands.

“I’ve been an awful mother.” Her voice was weak, muffled by her hands

“N-no…I didn’t say that.”

“Just say it Ash, just say it.”

“No. I just…ok, you want the truth?”

Michelle picked her head up. Looking her daughter in the eyes, she nodded.

“I really just feel.” Ashlynn paused “Like I don’t really know you. It’s like. It’s like I’m not even wanted, or that you had me just to say that you had a kid.”

“That’s not true! You’ve been a blessing, baby…it’s me. I-I wasn’t ready to have you.”

“I was an accident?” Ashlynn squealed

“No! No, no, nothing like that. Your father and I planned for you, and we. You know.” Michelle paused, searching for the right words “Expected to…um”

“Ew. Mom!”

Michelle shrugged “It’s how you got here! My point is…Ash…I didn’t know until I had you that I wasn’t ready. I was still…I am still…immature. Thank God for your father. He…” Michelle trailed off

A smile broke across Ashlynn’s face “If you’re worried, I don’t hate you. I just wish we were closer. You know?”

Michelle nodded “Me too honey. Me too.” Michelle slapped her thighs, now clad in jeans “Well, I have to tell the front desk about the bed. Talk in the car?”

“I’d like that.” Ashlynn smiled, her worries dissipating.

As she made her way back to the buffet selection, she could feel her bladder start to ask for relief. Knowing better since her incident yesterday, Ashlynn promised herself that she’d use a gas station’s facilities this time.

Michelle made her way to the front desk, her large purse over her shoulder as she made her way to the man behind the counter

“Um…hi. I’d like to check out. But, uh…there was a bit of a spill on the um…on the bed.”

Robotically, he began typing on his computer

“Which room?”

“311.”

“And was the spill food, beverage, chemical or urine?”

“Uh…p-pee…it…it was pee.”

The mas spoke in one long, unbroken sentence, unphased by her admission

“I understand Mrs. Williams, and I do apologize, we know that accidents happen and do not assume that you committed this act intentionally, but we will have to assess a 50% fee to the total bill for your stay.”

“I…understand.”

The man nodded and took her card, and gave her the receipt. In short order, Michelle and Ashlynn were back on the road again.

This time, small talk ensued almost immediately. Both Michelle and Ashlynn were glad to have cleared the air, and the conversation was light. Ashlynn was comfortably holding her filling bladder. The pressure against her privates produced a tingling sensation akin to a spice on the tongue. Crossing her legs, she was surprised at her mother’s question.

“Hey Ash. Can I ask you something important?”

“Sure.”

“This morning. Did you.” Michelle paused “Did you keep me from the bathroom on purpose?”

“No! Of course not! Why would I do that to you?”

“I just thought that maybe, you know, that you blamed me for what happened last night.”

“No. We have issues, I think that’s obvious. But like, I wouldn’t do that to you!”

Michelle smiled “I know. I just needed to know.”

“The fact that you would even bring that up hurts me.”

“I told you, and I’ll admit I’m immature. I won’t lie baby, that might be something I’d do at your age.”

“Mom! That’s so mean!”

Michelle chuckled “You know, in some ways, I’m glad you’re your fathers daughter!”

Ashlynn shook her head, not wanting to know the kind of escapades her mother used to get into.

When they reached the gas station, Ashlynn hopped out, eager to avoid the mistake she made yesterday. Her mother asked her to pick up a few items while she was inside, a quick list that included water and soda.

Skipping those items first, Ashlynn made her way to the back of the convenience store. As she opened the women’s restroom, she nearly gagged.

The tile floor was stained, evidence that it had not been cleaned in quite some time. The foul odor that was emitting from the toilet itself was a retching sight. The water that was left in the bowl was black, tar like in color, and the uncleaned seat drove Ashlynn back outside. Grumbling, and worried about her filling bladder, Ashlynn purchased the items that her mother had asked her for. Crossing her legs in the isle, she rubbed her thighs, which were kept under her black leggings. She hoped there would be another stop soon.

###

As Michelle downed a water, she tossed it over to her daughters side, the bottle rolling onto the floor. Ashlynn was sitting at an odd angle, her legs crossed and her weight shifted onto one hip. Michelle thought of a way to connect with her daughter.

“Kind of quiet. You want to trade songs?”

Ashlynn looked up. “I dunno. I don’t think you’d like any of my stuff.”

“How bad can it be?”

Ashlynn shrugged and plugged her phone into the car charger. Taking the time to discreetly hold herself as she did. As she set up her music she asked

“Are we stopping again anytime soon?”

“Wasn’t planning on it, why?”

“Oh, I forgot to buy a nail filer is all.” Ashlynn lied

“You’ll be ok.”

As the music began to play, Michelle regretted her decision to allow Ashlynn the speakers. It certainly wasn’t her kind of music. But she let it play on.

A half an hour had nearly passed. Ashlynn had stopped paying attention, even to her own music. What she saw out the window worried her more. There was nothing but open fields and the occasional tuft of shrubs and trees. No place for them to stop. Certainly no proper place. She looked over to her mother, who has happily humming to her own music while she sipped on another water. Shifting in her seat again, Ashlynn tried to get comfortable. Perhaps her bladder wasn’t full at all. Maybe it was instead her anxiety from her unanswered questions. Ashlynn turned down the radio.

“Hey Mom? Can I ask you. I don’t know…a kind of personal question?”

“What kind of personal question?”

“About this morning.”

“Um…I guess.”

“Do you” Ashlynn paused, she exhaled, partly in desperation, partly in awkwardness. “I guess I want to know. Do you um…wet the bed a lot?”

Silence. Michelle’s music could faintly be heard. The older woman was debating on what to say.

“I guess I should be honest with you. It-it happens more than I’d like. Yes. Why?”

“Is it going to happen to me?”

“Not unless you have a kid.”

“What about, like alcohol? Will it happen again if I drink?”

“If you drink a ton, yeah, maybe.”

Ashlynn sighed “So I guess no fun for me. I’ll lock myself in my dorm, and just go to class.”

“What are you talking about?”

Ashlynn let her fears slip, her anxiety made her swallow hard “I’m scared mom. I-I’m not right for this. I shouldn’t have gone so far away. I don’t know anyone! We-we should turn back.”

“Oh, knock it off Ash!”

“No! I’m serious! I don’t want to go. If that happens to me, they’ll all make fun of me! I don’t want to go. I’m not good enough!”

“Ash. Baby, sweetie…Where is al this coming from? Just from this morning?”

Ashlynn sniffled, holding back tears “I don’t know. I’m scared!”

“Of what?”

“Everything!” Ashlynn screamed

“Hey, easy baby, you’re going to do just fine. Remember when we moved?”

Ashlynn curled into a ball, her worry enrapturing her mind, fear taking control despite her full bladder.

“You were young, and you had the same fears, the same worries. But you know what? You made friends. Other kids wanted to be around you. I mean, how many boys asked you to the prom?”

“Yeah but…”

“So what’s so different about this?”

“It’s easy to make friends when you’re like 6!”

“Is it? My friends are mostly from college, Ash. And I’m not as strong, smart or pretty as you are. Maybe link up with the other grads from out of state. Or a sorority. That’s what they’re there for.”

“Maybe.”

“This isn’t like you Ash. You sure nothing is bothering you?”

“No! This is like me! This is what I mean! You were never there when it counted! I used to get like this before track all the time. What do you think I quit? Dad would always be the one to calm me down.” Ashlynn sighed “I hate myself.”

Michelle rubbed Ashlynn’s shoulder.

“I. I can’t make up for it. And I’m sorry. But I’m here now. And I can’t tell you anything you don’t already know. I love you. Your dad loves you, and we both think the world of you. Things are scary before change, I get it. But…look…maybe just promise me a semester? If you don’t like it, you can transfer.”

Ashlynn looked out the window.

“Maybe not me. But can you promise Dad? He’s so proud of you. It’d break his heart if you quit.”

Ashlynn looked back over, and rubbed her eyes.

“I-I shouldn’t have said that about you.”

“No-you’re being honest, it’s ok.”

“No, but I want to promise you, mom. As long as we get to spend some time together on breaks. That’s all I’ve ever wanted from you.”

“It’s a deal Ash.” Michelle looked at her daughter and smiled. “And I’m proud of you too.”

Ashlynn nodded. The commotion had taken her mind off of her bladder, but she was again made aware of it. Pulling her leg up onto the seat, she dug her heel into her privates. There still was no bathroom in sight.

More time had passed. How much, Ashlynn wasn’t sure. Her bladder was full, it pushed against her genital walls. She had promised it relief, and had not delivered. She peered down at her waistband, her bladder bulged and stretched her shirt and leggings. Ashlynn exhaled.

“You ok sweetie?” Michelle asked

“Yeah. Just um…doing a relaxation technique.” Ashlynn hid her real condition

“Ah. You’ll be ok.”

“Not much on this road, huh mom?” Ashlynn hinted at her predicament

“Not for a while. Actually probably should have cooled it on those waters.” Michelle chuckled

Ashlynn muttered to herself. She should have used the bathroom at the hotel. She didn’t blame herself for skipping the gas station bathroom, but she blamed herself for not using the public bathrooms at the hotel. Now, she was paying the price for her choice. Her filled bladder throbbed in discomfort that would soon become painful. There was no respite in sight.

Michelle found it hard to drive. Not because she was particularly drowsy, but the rural highway was entrancing. There wasn’t much to look at. Not an exit, hardly other cars. She at least had her filling bladder to keep her company. She hadn’t been kidding when she suggested to her daughter that she drank her waters too quickly. Knowing that they were miles away from any populated exit made it slightly worse. Resigning herself to the fact that she’d probably have to squat at some point, Michelle comfortably wiggled in her seat. She’d be fine.

Ashlynn shifted, to sit on the heel of her sneaker. Temporary relief came to her as she struggled with her bladder. Rocking on her heel, Ashlynn’s hand was now pressed firmly into her crotch. She leaned back into the car seat, closing her eyes, hoping that when she opened them, they’d be at a stopping area.

Ashlynn opened her eyes again. She hadn’t slept, she hadn’t napped. It had only been a short time, and the pain in her swelled bladder was far greater than it had been. The only thing on her mind was relief. She exhaled again, feeling warm. She could only think of her pain. Reaching over, she turned her seat cooler onto its highest setting. The fan started to blast her clammy back. She was sweaty, hot. Almost feverish, her muscles were tense. Tightly held in their spots, they each attempted to quell Ashlynn’s irritated bladder. Her concentrated pee sloshed against the sides of her bladder, each movement of the heavy liquid put additional pressure against her strained muscles.

Michelle could feel her bladder swelling. Having already experienced her intense morning desperation, her mind was fixated on avoiding another mishap. Looking at her printed out directions, Michelle made a decision. They had miles to go before their next exit, and she wasn’t willing to risk her bladder or her pants again, as her memory of yesterday’s accident ran through her mind. Turning her head, she was about to let her daughter know of her decision. Surprisingly, she saw Ashlynn contorted and twisted, her legs wrapped around each other and her hands buried into her crotch. Instantly, Michelle knew what was wrong with her daughter.

“Ash. Baby, do you have to pee?”

“Uh…um…” Ashlynn didn’t want to admit that she forwent the bathroom again

“Let me rephrase that. Ashlynn. I know you have to pee.”

“Ok. Fine. Yeah mom, I really, really have to freaking pee! Are we stopping soon?”

Michelle slapped the car hazard lights on and slowed the car to a halt as she pulled over to the side of the road.

“As a matter of fact, we’re stopping right now.”

“Um…”

“I may have missed my chances to teach you motherly things as you were growing up. But I’m not missing them anymore. Now c’mon.”

“Wh-where?”

“In that mess of bushes over there.” Michelle pointed across the open field next to them

“Mom…I can’t…”

“This is something I wish my mother taught me. If you’re going to be partying and doing all the things you’re supposed to do in college, you’re going to need to know how to pee outside. It’s not hard, I’ll show you.”

“It’s…what if someone sees me?”

“They won’t. Let’s go, Mama’s gotta pee too.”

Ashlynn didn’t move. Michelle continued to coerce

“Do you want to end up like I did yesterday?”

“Honestly mom. I…I think I’d rather pee my pants.”

“Ash.” Michelle paused for a moment. She hoped her daughter hadn’t had the same conflicting thoughts she did.

“Ash, peeing yourself isn’t an option right now. What would your father think if you did that to his seat?”

Ashlynn looked at her mother. She just needed another nudge. Michelle was about to teach her daughter. She reached out her hand, which Ashlynn took.

“Look, Ash, if you have a fear of peeing outside, let me help you. Mamabear used to be a party girl, she can show you how to do it.”

Ashlynn decided to trust her mother. Stepping out of the car, Ashlynn followed her across the field. Ashlynn was half bent over, swaying her knees and clutching herself to hold her full bladder. It was starting to feel like a rock. Her abdomen was tight. She felt like the weight of her distended bladder was trying to pull her into the earth. Her mother stopped once they reached the patch of shrubs and trees. Upon doing so she gave her first instruction.

“Honey, can you stand next to me?”

Ashlynn obeyed, though her knees were shaking. She was nearly at her limit. She was finding it harder and harder to stand up straight and couldn’t clench any harder.

“Okay, so first, look left.” Michelle demonstrated “Then look right, then as you look left again…really only if you’re wearing jeans, or something with a zipper, undo your pants. And if you have a friend, this is where you ask them to cover you.”

Michelle shimmed out of her jeans and squatted, carefully holding her jeans out of the way

“And remember to keep your pants out of the way.”

Ashlynn continued to squirm as she watched a leaf below her mother suddenly show drops of liquid on one of its tips. Her mother gave one final instruction

“And once you’ve done that.” Quickly, a splattering could be heard from the dirt. “Pee.” Michelle sighed “Your turn.”

Ashlynn bit her lip. She didn’t have a choice, and was about to burst. Listening to her mother pee wasn’t helping. Deciding to get it over with, Ashlynn promptly followed none of her mother’s instructions and instead whipped her black leggings down. Squatting next to her peeing mother, she quickly found relief.

By the time she was over the dirt, piss came rocketing forth. A loud hiss erupted from her tired muscles. Her thick stream of wet pee kicked up dirt from the ground onto her ankles and droplets of her warm urine splashed the outside of her sneakers. Ashlynn closed her eyes and sighed. The relief was unimaginable, orgasmic, almost.

“Ashlynn, baby! Oh my goodness! How long have you been holding it?” Michelle asked, pee still pouring from her exposed pussy

“Since…since the hotel.” Ashlynn panted

The dry dirt that had been moved under the force of Ashlynn’s stream now created a small pool that held her bubbling piss. An obvious puddle had formed under her as she sighed again

“Sweetie, you can’t be doing that to yourself. Tell me next time, ok?”

Ashlynn nodded, enjoying her relief. The two were hidden enough from the highway, but should anyone have walked along the field, the act that the two were committing would have been obvious. Mother and daughter, their bare butts exposed, spraying fresh pee onto the dirt below them.

Michelle’s own stream was dwarfed by her daughter’s, but as she watched the clear spraying liquid wet the ground in front of her, she felt proud. Though it was unconventional, she could say that she taught her daughter something. A skill that she could pass down. As she felt the last of her bladders contents rushing out of her snatch, she closed the lesson.

“I’m just about done, you ok honey?”

Ashlynn nodded and finally opened her eyes. Her stream was no longer as loud or fast as it had been, but it continued to spray the ground at a reasonably fast pace. She looked over to her mother, who’s stream had stopped, but she was still occasionally spirting clear piss onto the ground. Ashlynn could see her contracting her muscles to force whatever was left, out.

“That wasn’t so bad, was it?” Michelle smiled at her daughter, her flow finally stopping. She continued to drip

Ashlynn shook head.

“We’ve got a little ways before we reach a populated area. Mom’s probably going to need to do this again. You’ll tell me if you need to join me, right?”

Ashlynn smiled. Her flowing urine cutoff and she too started to drip.

Michelle smiled too and rubbed her daughters back.

“See, I can teach you things too! This was easy, right?”

“Actually, yeah.” Halfway chuckling, Ashlynn admitted “It was even kind of fun!”

“I wouldn’t go that far dear. Here, one more thing.” Michelle reached into her purse, still squatting as she air-dried

“Buy a couple packs of these and put them in your purse.” Michelle produced a pack of tissues “They’ll bail you out if need be.” Wiping herself, she tossed the used tissue onto the ground and stood, picking her panties and jeans up with her.

“Are these bio-degradable?” Ashlynn asked, still squatting

“Uhh…”

As Ashlynn studied the package, Michelle could hear another faint hiss. Her daughter was peeing again.

“Baby, how much did you drink?”

“First one of the day. I’ve been waiting awhile.”

The second stream wasn’t much, and stopped after just a few seconds.

“Huh. These are bio-degradable. Good job mom!”

“Um…thanks.”

Ashlynn cleaned herself too and dropped her used tissue into the pool of cool piss that she had created. Standing, she smiled at her mom

“Ready?” Michelle asked

“Ready!”

As they walked back to the car, Ashlynn reached out and hugged her mother with one arm. It may have been the high of her desperately needed relief, or perhaps she was finally getting what she wanted all along. Womanly advice and someone to lean on. Looking back as they reached the car, Ashlynn saw two small tuffs of white tissue. Markers of what they had done.

Climbing back into the car, Michelle turned the hazards off and merged back onto the highway. Ashlynn had another question

“Hey mom? You said that wetting myself wasn’t an option. Is it ever really an option?”

Instinctually, Michelle wanted to say no, but there was something deep inside her. She said nothing as she tried to bury it, leaving her daughter without an answer.

A/N: This is way longer than I had originally intended it to be. Coming in at 5k words, it will be the longest of this series. I hope the return to descriptive desperation was well received. Did you prefer Michelle or Ashlynn's situation? Personally, I feel as though I short-changed Ashlynn's desperation a little. Also, I feel as though I may have mishandled the sub-plot of Ashlynn feeling anxious about going to school. Did her conversation with Michelle feel misplaced or out-of-the-blue? In any case, the wait for chapter 4 will be much shorter!

*014*2022-04-26 16:05

{{15 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I preferred Michelle's situation.

}}

Yeah, I think the description was much more varied. Probably from the different setting.

Does everyone else prefer Michelle over Ashlynn? Not just that scene but in general?

*016*2022-04-26 17:29

{{4 hours ago, orangelion said:

I too liked Michelle's situation more. I think it is due to the different setting, and that Michelle leaked and almost voluntary peed on the bed. On the other hand, you wanted Ashlynn to make it and a that it little less exciting.

I think her conversation did come a bit out-the-blue as it was never alluded to before, but it wasn't unexpected. She was going to a different place where she knew no one and she wouldn't have her parents around, so it is understandable. I just imagine that she had those worries in the back of her head and the recent events made them worse.

I do prefer Michelle a bit more than Ashlynn and I think it's due to Michelle having more time in the story so the reader gets to know her a bit more than Ashlynn.

}}

Yeah, I think I botched the delivery of that conversation a little. That being said, I think it was cathartic for the two to have that conversation. Would it have made the scene better if she was caught peeing on the bed by Ashlynn?
