Ahri school and slime

Author: KID-1412

*000*2017-08-08 13:30

This is my first post that my english is not good so i use google for sympathy :)

Ahri, 20 years old, pretty pretty, with 9 the endless paladers as seen as drunk. But today my first day at school dimacia. But this morning she woke up late last night she could not sleep so she got up late this morning, she looked at the clock was 8h, she was wearing a vumping vespa dress, she wore a white shirt, bow with Color, with the same Products with colorful products that you can be a slice of the following, more double color, and more that of the best .... Toilet day under the month but not have the basics, just down the sona. Although not say happy but bring the girl to the cafeteria, coca and a lunch box (made two friends are).

She sat down to eat very quickly and drank a coke, sona blushed to say ahri eat words, but the girl noting that she was tripping. After finishing, ahri quickly brought the lunch box and went out without expecting her, she sighed and smiled and cleared the drive. Ahri after escaping, jumped on a motorcycle inherited from the dimacia car, the car carrying students until the end of 9am, she picked a corner near the window to pick outside the space she excited times.

At first she went to school at a human school, though she was late. Suddenly a pain from the stomach she thought she had not woke up this morning, she thought she would go to school.

Exit Car 40 witches to seat, when bus stop stop near the station. She hurried down, not forgetting her account, running a portal to the gate. It is possible that the warning is ready to close when she enters, but when running the powerful clicks on her bladder she feels uncomfortable. She walked in the open field with her bladder pain, when she was close to class, she said that he is the teacher Rayze is also her teacher and she is "I can easily Come here, this is also one of the first classes so I do not blame, but not once. "Ahri replied: "yes, sorry teacher", the class laughed, and the teacher pointed her hand to the position that was arranged before. Ahri was sitting in the chair in the middle, she went into her seat with a red face and her head down, and she forgot something important until she sat down, she pulled the couch down to the buttocks. Curved round her. The cold chair reminded her that she needed to urinate.

When she sat the cold of the chair that made her sock she was leaking a little, but she blushed because she has not used a urine for a long time, she shivered trying to stop by reaching down to the bottom of the pants underwear color White her to stop when she touches the crotch and she senses her wet dampness as she makes her face quieter and she thinks she should go to school when she's having lunch. But the professor said: "This is an important magic formula that everyone should pay attention." As ahri was thinking of how to deal with her urge, the professor overwhelmed her thoughts and made her return to reality, she sighed and focused on the temporary lesson that ignored it.

At the end of the class, the respected rayze teacher asked the class to give 5 minutes to teach more, but at this moment the bladder of ahri was crying with pain to her brain that "let me urinate" She sat on her thigh trembler to hold her urine in her bladder, the tissue smashed on her forehead. When the professor said he was done, everyone had 30 minutes to eat, everyone gathered into a group. The blond haired girl ran back to her as she stood up and thought, "I have to urinate, I have to urinate fast." Then ahri heard the voice in the ear: "ahri you do not eat lunch? "

Ahri said: "I have a bit of work to do, after a while to eat," lux said: "You do not have to eat to continue learning, sit down and eat with me."Ahri reluctantly sat down, but because of the sitting down of her bladder she suffered a powerful sock that leaked a small amount of urine enough to make a small puddle on her seat, blushing and Hit the crotch right away. But immediately there was a thing that had sucked up urine pool of ahri very fast, making it like no puddle there. Ahri pushes her crotch down on her crotch, wondering if her hands are wet and her chair is not.

Lux asked, "Are you okay? " Ahri said, "It's alright, everything's fine." Lux laughs and opens the lunch box and says, "This afternoon we have 2 lessons of maths taught by the foria, heard that she is hard to connect to students without a break so you are careful, then they I will be home early,Ahri nodded and snacked on the cool iced water of lux. When both of them finished eating 5 minutes before the next air, she thanks lux prepared meals and said lux she needed to go to the toilet so she ran a circuit out of the classroom down the stairs, just to her toilet Sitting down to pull the pants, she looked down on her panties to see her yellow, she blushed thought: "do not believe me sticking beam".

Then the urine from her bladder was very strong, causing her to sink unconscious around her, something that drained her urine, she just woke up when the cuckoo rang when she was just another Her eyes, she waited for me to break the urine. It was difficult, but all the letters finally stopped, got up and wiped her pussy and pulled her yellow wet panties, but the strangeness of the pants was as dry as the wall did. She looked down at the toilet and did not see her urine, she saw the suspicious strange constantly appearing that she could not explain. Ahri stopped thinking about it because she had to fast in class otherwise the math teacher would blame her like the first day she died.

As she was running back to the classroom, the foria teacher with her teacher's uniform, glasses and graduated threesome were in the opposite direction and said, "Good luck to you, but not the next time, go to class." Ahri bowed to the classroom, she went to the seat while the foria teacher walked on the podium, then the students sat down and sat down. "This is my math lesson," says foria. "Whoever wants to learn, do not molest any mistakes and do not make noise when I teach."Ahri was a bit scared about this teacher, but the resolution of half the state of light gave her peace of mind when she started to learn everything, but it did not come as a surprise to her. Starting the first 15 minutes, ahri recorded at her teacher's pace, her focus on the subject sometimes thought of the bladder but it seemed okay. 15 minutes later, she senses something long and slim, like a slime tentacle, coming from behind her ass to the front of her vagina.

She blushed, looked down but it was invisible, then she pulled on some tentacles wrapped around her legs she could not move, then wrapped around her thighs, it continued to lift her up 2 cm, She pulled her skirt back and brought her back to her bulge. By sitting in the ceiling with a cold chair, she sucked a little urine out of her underwear, moaning for an hour.

The sound made the foria look and shouted, "The young girl you are doing my study is my secret." Ahri said "let me apologize, you can let me go out dc k, i want to go to the toilet". The teacher shouted, "What are you doing without going to the bathroom?" Ahri kept silent for the invisible slime under her pussy to do something, she looked down at the princess and blushed. The slime began to massage her vagina, she tried to stop the sound of moaning from the slime, then pulled her pants to one side. She was frightened when she sensed the slime was humiliating her. She tried to block the slime by hand, when suddenly she received a throbbing pain in her calf like the numbness of her stiff body, she looked around Trying to help but not out, then a sound in her head: "we play a minute".

The slime pulled her vagina sideways to her vagina and vagina holes, she was scared to know what was going to happen next but there was still a feeling of urination and growing up.Ahri senses what's going on in her pee and masage, then it peeks her pussy that makes her peeing incredibly during the moment she has urinated, she moan for 1 hour but not out of breath due to body numbness There was no energy left, then she sensed something from the urine opening to her urethra. Immediately it sucks when she does not react like she is in the toilet, she tries to stop this feeling but not because the slime pumps a lot of urine. At that time her bladder is very painful and gleam, as soon as she wants to urinate it again makes her very happy. She blushed to cry, for both pain and pleasure so she can not describe it.

Followed by the sound that rang: "This time she wanted to pee in class, hehe ...". He laughed when ahri tried to answer but could not, she felt the water pumping into urine resembling urine flowing back into her glare, when she felt like this morning feeling her urine need to solve , She was scared, the sound resounded: "This is your urine." She was frightened to know that it was her urine, and then she felt her lifting feeling like she was sitting in her toenail feet, her butt was cold, she felt the water in her bladder very gleaming, But she tried to hold her urine as she felt the tentacles were massaging her bladder, in that moment she drank a little, but she kept going, then she sensed the slime entering her vagina.

Going deep into the position of her bladder and hook, and the slime makes her unable to hold up a large amount of water in her underwear, then at that moment the cry of lux resound: " Ahri looked down to see the floor of the clothes are wet, but everyone was crying about the incident

