The Beninging with Payton

Author: KLMS

*000*2021-04-08 18:12

Greetings Fellow Omorashians!

Just a forewarning, This story WILL contain swearing, possible nudity depending on the situation, and uh... I’ll warn you when something else comes up

I love the fiction and fan fiction that exists in the wet existence that is the Omo world, and finally I wanna play my part. But I wanna try something different. This story will take place in the universe of High School Story (Awesome game!), and will be from my main character’s POV. His name is Kamo, and the school he and most of his friends go to is called Commander's Academy For the General, or CAF-G. Don’t ask how I came up with that name, I kinda forgot.

Enjoy!

###

BEEP BEEP! WAKE THE FUCK UP! WAKE THE FUCK UP! BEEP BEEP! TIME FOR SCHOOL! TIME FOR SCHOOL! BEEP BEEP- Click

.. Where the hell did I get that ringtone...

... "UUEEAAAAHHHHH!"... 06:30... Already? Aww man....

I stretched as I released a big yawn. After looking at the time again to make sure I wasn’t still dreaming, I reluctantly made my way to the bathroom to get ready for the day. And as you can imagine, I was having a very nice dream. After using the bathroom, brushing my teeth, taking a nice hot shower that finally woke me up and brushing my almost non-existent hair, I searched my wardrobe for the day’s outfit and settled upon what everyone calls "The Camo Cool". It’s like the military and looking badass came together. A jungle-green and sand-yellow camouflaged jacket with dark gray sleeves on top of a simple light gray shirt, along with beige cargo pants accompanied by black and white sneakers, and to top it off, a pair of grey-lensed aviators. Judge my sense of fashion all you want, the point is I look awesome and I feel good.

"Noice!" I said to myself as I struck a pose at the mirror. I chuckled and went to the kitchen to make myself breakfast. I made the batter last night, so all I did was fry ‘dem pancakes and DRENCHED with mint-flavored syrup (I have a very sweet tooth you see ). I watched some TV as I ate then proceeded to pack my bags. As you can tell by this point, this is very routine. I do this almost every day, besides the pancakes. Nothing out of the ordinary. Before I left, I looked into the living room mirror one last time.

A very tall young devilishly handsome black man with short black hair and, surprisingly, bright cobalt blue eyes looked back at me, being accompanied by big buff body of average build. I flexed a bit with a dashing smile before I left. As I locked the door and got my bike out of the garage, I took a deep breath of the cold crisp morning air.

“Sniiffffffff.... exhale. Hmm... Beautiful.” I said as I looked at the sky. The street my house is built on overlooks the rest of town with the beach in the distance. And the Sun rose from the west, the sky a beautiful mix of pale blue, orange, pink and purple, topped off with grey clouds over the horizon. Huh. The news said it might rain today. Perfect

Hmm? Who am I? Ooooh mah bad, where are my manners. Heheh.

My name’s Kamo Seitshiro. You pronounce my surname like [See-tsi-rro. Emphasis on the R, and the H is silent]. I was born in Johannesburg, South Africa , and my parents moved here to the American West Coast back when I was 9 years old. So yeah I have South African and American citizenship. My family is... extreme to say the least. I have absolutely NO IDEA how the fuck it’s even possible, but 90% of my family from both sides are in the military of at least 10 or 12 different countries.

I kid you not, I am completely serious!

My dad works for the South African Army Special Forces as a sharpshooter, my mom works for the United States Marines as an intelligence officer, one of my Uncles works for the Russian Spetznaz as a Heavy Weapons Guy, my one aunt is an attack helicopter pilot for the British Army, my other Uncle is a fighter pilot for the Chinese Naval Air Force, and so on and so forth. So... yeah, a lot of exciting stories that I swore to keep secret until and beyond the day I die. Anyhow, at some point one of my uncles and aunts came here to the East coast and decided to build a school for unimportant reasons. The school got very popular, unofficially because of me.

I promote this school as not just a school, but a home as well. A place for anyone, no matter who you are or what your past is. When you’re here, you can be yourself. You’re accepted. You’re part of a family. Amazingly, within my age group and among my peers, finding such genuine places is getting all the more rare each day.

Hmm... That’s the good stuff right there. Anyways, for most of the time I live alone with my dog Lexie and my cat TJ you see. And so because of the incredible family dynamic, I get A LOT of free time. My house (Which is technically my parent’s house but since they’re rarely here it might as well be mine) is your typical one-storey bungalow with two garages, a swimming pool in the backyard and a launcher on the roof for launching drones. As I mentioned, the street my house is built on is on top of a hill, which offers me a fantastic view of the town and the beach in the distance. Whelp, that’s me. Not much else to say. Anything else that comes up you’ll probably find out as the story progresses. Yes I acknowledge that I’m breaking the fourth wall. What are you gonna do about it hmm?

As I drove down the main road (By the way my school is close enough to walk, but sometimes I like to drive there) I stopped at a red traffic light. Looking to my left and down the street I see another school. My school’s main rival, Hearst High. Ohhhhhh I fuckin’ hate those guys. The relationship between us is like the US and Soviet Union during the cold war. We’re always spying on each other, finding ways to antagonize each other, starting numerous proxy wars, and filling the neighborhood with unnecessary amount of tension. When we compete in any event or sports, all eyes are on us. And yeah we both have our own ‘allies’. Ah well, it was the healthy kind of tension anyways, if there is such a thing. The kind that motivates you to do better than your would-be opponent. Still, screw them though-Hello??

A very fancy purple sports car pulls into Heart’s parking lot quite quickly. And yes my eyes are so good I can see from this distance. Stepping out of said car is Hearst’s lead cheerleader Kara Sinclair who’s wearing that signature cheerleader uniform of hers. She’s hot though, I’ll give her that.

Hold on a minute. As she stepped out of her car, I see she's busy yelling at someone on her phone while holding her purse. But that ain't what caught my attention. No. What REALLY caught my attention was that her free hand was jammed right between those smooth, curvy, sexy legs of hers, said legs are crossed together tightly as she frequently bends over while blushing a red so bright you can see it from this distance while wearing prescription glasses! And she’s doing all that while yelling at whoever on the phone. There’s no mistaking it. She needs to pee. And she’s BURSTING right now! And it’s my guess whoever’s at the receiving end of her call is making her wait even longer.

She then glanced around to see if anyone was watching her before her eyes locked onto mine even at this distance. They widen, and the red on her face somehow went a shade deeper-What the? She suddenly bent over before looking quickly looking around one last time to see if anyone else is watching her, before she raced into the main entrance of Hearst...

...Wow...that was...Holy crap. Fucking hot, and a VERY good way for the day to start!!!

What was even more amazing was just before Kara disappeared inside, the Sun shone on her gorgeous legs which illuminated a trail on her left leg that extended all the way from under her skirt to her shoes....

........HOLY FUCKING ASS AND SHIT!

BEEP BEEP BEEEEEEEP! “Hey, move it dickhead!”

The blaring of a car’s horn behind me snapped me out of the apparent trance I fell into and I noticed the light was finally green, and that this mudak behind me was being quite rude about it.

"Fahk Yuu!" I flipped him off and yelled back as I sped off, leaving him fuming...What the hell was that?! Jeeze am I dreaming? Was I dreaming back there? Why did that happen, I mean...WHAAT?!

As I arrived at my school, parked my bike in the parking lot and chained it, very rapidly I may add, I then proceeded to speed walk towards the front entrance, flat-out ignoring the weird look I was getting from everyone. "Everything's Okay!" I yelled to reassure them. Yeeeeaah I doubt that worked. Time must have somehow sped up as I arrived at one of the Nerd Hangout much quicker than I usually would. And I know for a fact that Nishan is in here. He’s always at school early in the morning for a variety of reasons. From taking down extra notes to finishing up his suitcase sized nuclear reactor, it depends on the day really.

"NISHAN HAL TEJAS!"

I yelled as I stormed in the Nerd Hangout slamming the door behind me, scaring the bejebus out of him that he practically flew off of his chair. He looked at me with wide eyes as he clutched his chest where his heart would be. “What in the heck man?! I could have dropped a Uranium rod!’ He yelled as he got back up dusted himself off. "Screw international nuclear treaties dude, YOU WILL NOT BELIEVE WHAT THE FOOK I SAW ON MY WAY HERE!"

"What?! Did Payton make another coffee shop run out of lattes??”

"No! Wait what, she did? Did she?"

"I dunno I'm asking you! If she did it would be the second time this month!"

"Well, I haven't seen closed coffee shops so...no!?"

"I dunno I’m asking you!"

"Why are you yelling?!"

"Defuck do you mean-why you yelling?!"

"I don’t know!"

"What do you mean you don’t know!? I’m supposed to be the one saying that!"

“WHAT?!”

“WUT?!”

"WHY ARE WE YELLING?!!"

"I DON’T KNOW!"

"BANZAIIIIIIIII!"

...

...

...We both slowly turned and stared at Julian with a on our faces as he stood there by the door, his face twisting into a confused expression. He looked at the two of us as we just started at him back. "Ohhhhkay I'm lost, you guys were yelling for no reason, so I thought that meant we should all yell for no reason... what did I do?" He said in his ever-increasing confusion as he closed the door, but not before a certain beautiful prep squeezed in. "Holy heck, why are you guys yelling so much? Like literally the whole school can hear you!" The beautiful prep who goes by the name of Payton said as she glared at the three of us with her hands on her hips.

"I don’t know. Kamo, care to explain why you suddenly ran in here and started yelling like a mad man for no particular reason?" Nishan said as he looked at me with his eyes narrowed as he crossed his arms.

I shook my head and took a deep breath. "Sniffff... Siiggghhhh. Alright. Sorry about all of that, but you guys will NOT believe what I saw on my way here." I said as their angry eyes turned into curious ones. "I saw Kara Sinclair, the same Kara who goes to Hearst High, the same Kara who used to date Max, the same Kara who’s pretty much still in charge of the entire school and who’s a bitch to us to no end, almost lose control of her bladder, right outside Hearst’s main entrance. Yep you heard me correctly. I saw Kara almost piss herself right in front of her school." I said as an amused smile came to my face.

...The look on their faces was of absolute, 110%, authentic, pure, unparalleled SHOCK with a mix of capital-WTF?! painted on their faces, complete with jaws dropped to the ground and eyes wider than dinner plates.

And we all just stood there for I dunno how long, probably like 10 minutes or something I dunno. But finally, Nishan was the one to break the silence as he picked up his jaw from the ground.

"Are...you...serious? You saw Kara, Baroness of Hearst High, almost succumb to an act most commonly associated with small kids? You saw her almost do the completely embarrassing display of losing control of her bladder?" He whispered in his shock.

"Eeeyep" I said with a popping sound for extra effect. The three of them looked at each other...

And all four of us burst out laughing HARD! I grabbed onto the counter as I tried to steady myself as I laughed my guts out.

"Oh my god! Oh my fuck! Holy-holy-ahahahahaaaaaaaa!" Julian yelled as he tumbled on the ground and clutched his stomach as he laughed harder. My goodness!!!

After about a minute I eventually calmed down and I was breathing heavily, yet Nish and Julian still went on. Looking at Payton-hello? "Payton? You alright? I asked her out of breath as she suddenly hurried out of the Nerd Hangout, and I followed her.

She glanced at me and just laughed. "Weeelllllll I was gonna end up worse than Kara in a few seconds if I kept laughing, unless you don’t want me to go to the bathroom." She said with a cute voice, a smile and wiggled around a bit. Wait what?? I looked at her confused. "But...I...I didnt-"

"KTHANXBAI!" She machine gunned out of her mouth before darting around the corner to the ladies bathroom at Mach 10... “Wot?” I said in my in confusion before shaking my head. "Huh... what is happening today? And it’s still in the morning?" I asked my perplexed self as I went to get my books for class... Ah well...

6 hours later...

I sat in our noticeably and questionably fancy math class, yet we weren't doing anything because we were pretty much done with work for the term. So there I was, minding my own business, listening to Animals by Martin Garrix on my earphones, reading a book called "The Soviet War Machine." I’ll be honest, I never realized until reading this book, just exactly how big and powerful (military wise) the Soviet Union was back in the 50's to 90's. Documentaries on TV sometimes just ain’t got shit on colorful encyclopedias like this. That's my opinion. I uh...heh, this is gonna sound crazy, but sometime, I wish I could go back in time to that period of high tension, just to experience how... tensiony things actually were. Sounds crazy yeah, well what can I say, I'm a crazy dude That would be awesome though, not gonna lie.

The door opens and- ah here she comes. Payton enters the class with her boyfriend; the extremely talented guitar player Ezra. They share a quick kiss before he goes to his hangout to do...I dunno, music stuff. There was only 13 of us in class and the teacher was in the teacher’s lounge, so it was relatively quiet. She sees me, smiles and...She kind of waddles and wobbles her way here.

And I know exactly why.

And it’s thee best thing ever.

For some reason, coincidental, accidental, or deliberate, or all three, all the female bathrooms in the whole of CAF-G where closed down for apparent repairs because some pipes burst. And it so happens that those pipes burst last night. They haven’t figured out why yet. Meanwhile and consequently, any female student or teacher both either had to use the men’s room, or go the extra kilometre and hold it in for the whole day. The principle suggested Porta-Potties, but the general reaction from all ladies or girls on these school grounds was "Oh fuck no!" That I honestly I dunno why though, the ones I’ve seen them use before where actually VERY good, very modern and state of the art for a Porta-Pottie. They come with their own sink and soap, air filtration unit and lots of toilet paper. Heh, Porta-Pottie. That word...

But meanwhile, that also meant Payton didn't use the bathroom for 6 or 7 hours straight. I’m impressed, I never knew she can hold it like that. You learn something new every day.

"You alright?" I asked with a smile as I took off my headphones. She looked at me with that permanent smile of hers and smiled wider.

"I'm okay, for now." She said as she shifted her legs from side to side more frequently. "What do you think actually happened?" She asked as she rested her hand above her crotch...

I nearly stared at that, getting an instant hard-on. Wow, I’d be lying if I said I never imagined seeing this. One of my girl best friends, who happens to be supermega-sexy, rest her delicate hand on her crotch because she’s bursting. I looked at her face, and she was blushing a slight maroon. I chuckled as she shifted her legs more.

"I dunno. Maybe an elaborate joke someone's playing on the whole school, maybe it’s a supernatural event, the possibilities are endless my dear Payton." I said with a mock British voice, making her laugh, and she suddenly grabbed her crotch with a slight gasp.

Instant hard on x2.

"Aww, is widdle Pay-Pay gonna be having an acwident?" I mocked her with a laugh as she glared at me with a smile.

"Stooop, your gonna make me peee." She whined.

FUCK ME! FOR ANY OMORASHIAN THAT HAS TO BE ONE OF OR THEE BEST LINE EVER SPOKEN!!

Instant hard on x3!

"And I know how much you like that." She seductively whispered with a wink.

Wait what?

I stared at her with an alarming look on my face. Uh... How does she know? How does she know I secretly enjoy watching ladies endure the effects of a full bladder? That was supposed to be a secret. How does she know!? How does she know that I, along with you readers, am an Omorashian!?

"Uh, how do you know that? I-if that's even true?" I asked her nervously. She chuckled, which she immediately regretted as she now put both hands on her crotch. "Remember the sleepover we had at your place?"

Ohhh yeeeeeaaaaaah! Nooooooow I remember! Ah yes, that day I'll never forget. Which is kinda stupid because I just forgot it up until like 6 seconds ago...

A few weeks ago...

Payton Vanilla Embraer.

Yes her middle name is Vanilla. Quite an unconventional name, true that, but it suits her very well. She’s sweet, kind, classy and lovable. She’s African American, a year and a few months younger than me, only comes up to my shoulder in height, has a freaking sexy figure with what I presume are B-Cup tiddies and a large-but-perfectly sized ass to go along with it. She has a BEAUTIFUL smile which is her main physical characteristic trait, along with bright brown eyes and striking brown hair.

She was adopted into a very loving family, a loving stepmother, a caring stepfather and a crazy-but-loving older stepsister who’s in college. Her real family... she doesn’t know what happened to them. She looked for any trace of them a few months ago, but she ultimately decided to end her investigation. From a baby to a kid, she spent time in a couple foster homes which... as overused as this trope may sound to you, she didn’t have a good time at any of them until one day when she was 9 years old, she was adopted by the Embraers. She’s been absolutely happy ever since. They weren’t a wealthy family, somewhere in the lower middle class. Her stepmom’s a teacher and her stepdad’s a blacksmith. That house is full of love though. After having lunch and dinner acouple times, I can tell you that.

Like I said, she’s... loving. Kind. Caring. LOVES parties! Like seriously! Planning them, attending them, hosting them, she lives and breathes parties! She could make a career out of it. And she loves coffee. More specifically, she loves lattes. She also loves puppies, fashion and anything purple. Going back to the lattes though, she loves them so much that uh... Well a... to put it blunt, a couple times I noticed she leaked.

A lot

I have no idea how many she had those times, but I’d see a small wet patch on her pants or see a few drops snake down her leg when she’s wearing a skirt or dress. Sometimes that wetpatch on her pants would get so big and begin snaking down her legs, sometimes her entire butt would be soaked, dripping pee every now and then. id also see her take off her shoes and empty and pee that filled them up. And she always looks like she doesn’t notice. Sometimes, like right now, she would barely fidget even if she's close to bursting.

But I'm pretty sure she knows how many times she dodged the bullet, and has mastered the act of not panicking. I’m very observant by the way, that's how I noticed. I haven’t had the courage to ask her why she does it so much. Every now and then she'd be in public or here at school and it happens, but most of the time it's in places where there's few people. Like if we're hanging out with our friends or something similar. But in any case it’s fucking hot... yeah that’s a massive understatement.

She LEAKS!

And it’s visible!

Anyhow going back to the sleep over, it was me, her, Julian and Autumn and we slept over at my place for the weekend. We slept outside in my rather large backyard because it was a warm night with crystal clear skies. We had a great time, swapping stories, eating crazy food, doing crazy shit, saw a meteor shower, launched one of my drones and spied on the neighborhood, two F-16s flew over my neighborhood and dropped flares, the usual sleepover stuff. Man that was an EPIC night! So it was around 1 am I think. There I was sleeping peacefully when I suddenly woke up to the sound of someone opening the sliding door of my house, to which I saw that Payton wasn't in her sleeping bag, so for some odd reason that I still can't answer to this day, I followed her. I was super tired and 90% asleep, so I didn't really know what I was doing. I think.

So then she gets to the bathroom, but upon switching on the light, and I stood outside as the bright light fully woke me up, she suddenly stood still like a deer in headlights and I could see her face in the bathroom mirror. Her eyes were wide open, her pupils had shrunk and her breathing had become very rapid. Following her gaze, I saw a tarantula spider on her shoulder. You know? The black and orange one? Yeah. I have arachnophobia yet I love spiders at the same time, they're interesting to study and make surprisingly cute pets What a paradox. So that’s why she was as still as... something that’s very still. She was looking right at it through the mirror. It was SO close to her face. I may have arachnophobia, but she has it even worse.

"Don't. Move." I said as I slowly came behind her. She glanced at me in the mirror, apparently unfazed by the fact that I was there to begin with, then she ignored me completely and slowly turned her head to look directly AT it! If it was even possible, her eyes widened more and her pupils shrank more! I swear that spider was waving at her with one of its legs. And it was probably a friendly greeting! And it probably said “Oh Hallo there.”

And then... She let out a very shaky breath she was holding in, and since I was standing behind her and got a very good view of her very awesome posterior, her legs shook a bit and I heard the distinct sound of a narrow stream of water hitting fabric at an uncontrolled rate. From the base of her ass a few drops of liquid GOLD spurted out of her before her shorts actually got soaked. By the way she was wearing a long sleeve pink jersey-shirt thingamajig with dangerously short purple shorts that exposed the bottom of her butt cheeks, along with orange socks on those cute feet of hers.

The seat of her shorts finally got soaked, and that wet patch only increased in size as it soaked her bottom of her shorts in a beautiful pattern-like wave of... Am I even making sense!? I just watched it grow and spread downwards. Jeeze... I... LOVE. That sound. That sound of fabric being soaked like that. Do you agree? I’m sure you do. Then oh my goodness, as they dripped from her soaked shorts, multiple small and a few big rivulets of her pee started to quickly snake down her gorgeous legs. My bathroom’s lights were very bright so her legs literally started to shine because of it. It was like a running tap, some of it hitting the floor directly and splashing all over her smol feet.

I felt a good hardon quickly erect as I watched with wide eyes and bated breath, my lips were so dry. I watched as the liquid gold flooded her orange socks, turning them a significant shade darker and a clear puddle started to form around her feet, coupled by the splashing of pee as the floodgates fully opened. Like an open tap hitting bathroom tiles. I dunno how long it lasted since I was so entranced by her peeing herself in my bathroom. Wouldn’t you lose all sense of time and all situational awareness?

Eventually and unfortunately, the open tap that resulted in the floodgates being opened slowly closed as her bladder emptied it's contents, the splashing reduced to dribbling then a full stop. DAMN THAT WAS A HUGE PUDDLE! To say I was turned on and impressed is yet another insulting understatement.

"... uh... H-h-hold on." I managed to stutter as I barely broke free of the powerful trance that held me. I gently stepped onto her still warm puddle, said warmth sending the nerves on my feet into chaos as I felt even turned on, as if I could explode at that very moment. I gently put my hand on the back of her shoulder to let the legit friendly the spider, who was looking at the both of us with more curiosity above everything else, climb on my hand and I quickly went to gently put him back in his tank. By the way he was my pet spider "Gripen" and he somehow got loose. Ah well, no harm done.

I got back to Payton, who must’ve realized what predicament she landed herself in and was blushing like MAD, her entire beautiful dark brown face was a bright shade of maroon, and tears were streaming down her face as she held her hands over her mouth in shock as she looked at the embarrassing mess she made, which was neither embarrassing nor a mess to me to begin with. For me at least. She glanced at me before looking away as she silently cried and... Instinctively I gently hugged her, feeling her now wet legs on my bare legs, which only made the immense hard on more painful. But I tried my best to ignore it for the moment while she cried in my chest. But I’d be lying to you and to myself if I said I didn’t find this entire situation epic. Well actually, epic is yet again another understatement with no comparable word. I can say this is a scenario which I dreamed of but never thought would actually happen. Because as bad as it might be, I’m loving every second of it.

Picture it for a moment; A beautiful woman whom you are very good friends with just wet herself in your house by complete accident, and she’s so mortified by it all that she’s crying into your chest. And in my case it was at night time, out of the public’s eye, coupled with the immensely satisfying feeling of her wet legs against mine.

It’s fucking hot is what it is.

"I'm so sorry. I-I saw the thing-spider and-and I just-I just-Im so so so sorry." She said as she cried on my chest. You see, me and Julian where the tallest between all our friends, and Max reaches up to us, so out of everyone, the three of us where more or less the tallest boys in the neighborhood. Payton reaches my shoulder like I mentioned earlier, so she was quite short from my perspective.

"Its okay." I said soothingly. "Don't be upset. It was an accident." I said as I gently cupped her warm cheeks, wiping tears away with my thumb. "I won't tell anyone. I'll clean up don't worry." I said soothingly. She looked at me, her hands on mine as I cupped her cheeks.

Now you have to understand, it was EARLY in the morning, we were still tired, she just had an accident and needed emotional support, I gave her that support, she must have felt my erected against her leg, and then we looked into each other’s eyes for a few seconds...

Yeeeeeeeaaah, you can take a very good guess as to what happened next.

Being the gentleman that I am, I shan’t go into details, but all I can say is that the next two hours where of me and her passionately making out and playing with each other. Her now cold pee made things even more intense, though the smell made it... unique, for lack of a better term. After that, the clean-up began, and when it ended it was around 3 am. She packed spare PJs (you should know by now that when it comes to fashion, she’s always crazy prepared) and I washed her wet clothes. I was gonna give them back later in the day when no one was looking to avoid questions, but she insisted I leave them at my place for the next time she comes by. During the cleanup we shared a shower together, aaaaaaand played with each other a little more. Then we finally went back outside to sleep as if nothing happened.

Best. Night. Ever.

Unfortunately like all good things, that weekend came to an end. When they all left in the morning...

"Kamo?"

"Hmm?"

"...Don't tell Ezra."

"Don’t tell him what?"

She smiled, quickly kissed me on the cheek and drove with Autumn and Julian back to their respective homes.

"Heh... Yeah, I remember. Can't believe I almost forgot." I said with a wide almost goofy smile. She looked at me with a 'Really dude?' Along with that beautiful smile of hers, yet I could clearly see the frustration and slight fear in her eyes. She was still blushing. Her hands where now firmly pressed on her crotch through that skirt of hers. The fear part, I get. You have to have an insane amount of bravery and absolutely no shame when you’re bursting in public, or to have an accident for that matter. The people that do that, they’ve earned my respect.

OMORASHIANS SHOULD GET VIRTUAL MEDALS FOR MEMBERS AND PEOPLE LIKE THAT!

“WET WITH HONOR.” Heh, that’s good.

I looked at her, just admiring her beauty and predicament. Say... Now that I notice-

"You lookin' gorgeous today. With a new colour motif above all." I complemented her, making her blush more and her smile widened. "Aww thank you." She said batting her eyelashes at me. "Better not get that outfit wet though." I teased her and she playfully punches me in the shoulder. She wore a bright- well... might as well call it neon green dress called "Emerald Envy" that hugged her body tightly yet comfortably, showing off her curves. Along with green heels, a red rose in her hair silky brown hair and a spicy scenting perfume, she looked outright gorgeous. I can just picture her losing control, opening the floodgates and wetting herself right there and then.

Fresh hot wee dripping down her chair and making a noticeably loud splash on the floor... But I know for a fact that no matter how desperate she is, and no matter how bad her leaking could get, she'd never lose control in front of people, especially if she attends school with said people. Yeah she’s leaked before but like I said that was only noticeable by those with the most observant eyes. But if that were to happen, her rep would nose dive like a plane crashing into the ground at the speed of sound. And she will never, EVER hear the end of it. For someone of the likes of her, it’s pretty obvious.

"You know what." She said with determination and took out one of her books. “I'm not just gonna sit here and complain about holding it in. I'm actually gonna do something productive." She said like a boss while she started doing some left over work. I laughed and went back to my book. Math was the last period of the day, but it was a long session, for an hour and 45 minutes. So we were in for quite some time.

That sux.

1 hour and 40 minutes left...

Nothing yet. Reading about the Soviet Nuclear weapons arsenal. Listening to Run by Awolnation. Payton's still fidgeting. No one's noticed.

1 hour and 30 minutes left...

Still on the Nuclear weapons arsenal. Listening to Interstellar by Excision. Bobbing my neck so much it hurts. Her rate of fidgeting and crossing her legs is increasing.

1 hour left...

Reading about the MiG-21, listening to Shadowflame by Excision- WHAT THE?! My eyes widened in amazement. All this time, my dumbass didn’t notice a small mirror in the class was set in a position that granted me a reflection I didn't even think was possible. Payton sat directly in front of it, and it was angled perfectly from where I was sitting. I could see right under Payton's desk, in between her thighs when they weren’t crossed, was slightly wet lavender-colored panties that marked out her camel toe, with her hands covering them from time to time.

So hard it hurts!!!!

45 minutes left...

I found my eyes lingering on the amazing sight, and I couldn't focus on my book or my music. Hey I’m pretty sure you would as well! But other than her starting to sweat slightly, nothing else has happened yet. Come on already! Listening to Arcadia by Hardwell. In case you haven't figured it out by now, I like EMD, dubstep, Electro-house, that kinda music.

25 minutes left...

I honestly think I'm getting bored now. I’m not a fan of prolonged desperation in any setting, be it by watching a video or it happening live right now. And for some odd reason, everyone else is asleep.

10 minutes left...

While there was that small gap of silence while another track was about to play, I suddenly heard her gasp. Looking at the mirror..... (Eyes wide open)

She was still as a rock, pale as a... brown rock??? She then pulled up her skirt and looked down at her panties. It happens finally! I've been wanting for weeks now. I heard that unmistakable sound of a tight jet of water hitting fabric and slowly, a spot of darkness formed on her panties and slowly grew and grew, dropping down in a wet line as it reached the seat of her chair and butt.

Then a few seconds later as her panties completely got flooded, it fell over her seat and trickled onto the floor, a very noticeable splashing echoes throughout the class as a puddle formed below her. She was wetting herself right there. Yet another dream scenario has become a reality. The Sun shone through the windows, illuminating the puddle in a way that anyone could easily see it. It was very translucent, so she must have had a lot to drink today. Then amidst the unbelievably beautiful sight I’m seeing, a wave of ammonia and the distinct smell of her juices hit my nose. I could smell it from here. She just sat there, wetting herself in class...

Then out of nowhere she stopped before the trickling became actual splashing, looked at me with wide eyes filled with even more panic and stood up abruptly, took her books and rushed out the class at Mach 10 again with that same look of panic on her face. What the-.... Was I just gonna look surprised, shrug it off then continue to read? Ohhhh Hell naw!! I stood up, put my headphones around my neck, my phone in my pocket and with my book in hand, silently raced after her. On my way out- Nuts, I lost her. Damn she's fast... Oh? I smiled and chuckled as a couple of small drops and trails of what I guessed was Payton leaking that went from here to the end of the hallway. So like a detective hot on finding out a major break in the case, I followed them, eventually finding the exit of the main building. Someone’s definitely gonna notice that.

Getting outside- Ha! There she is, speed walking past the main gate. Damn she really is fast. Just before she passed the gate, the bell rang, signaling the end of the day. Heh. I so do love perfect timing. I jogged after her just as people started exiting classes and the after school chaos would begin. She was cutting it extremly close this time. No one saw her and the security guard wasn't even paying attention.

Going down the road covered by the shadows of large trees, the direction she’s heading tells me she’s heading home. And I was right behind her, about 5 meters away I think, just to keep the distance so I could get a good look at her. The back of her dress, which reached about halfway to her knees, was wet and still dripping, shining in the light. And there was a huge dark patch, which was EASILY noticeable. Huh, yeah she really did dodge a major bullet back at school. The wetness clung to her ass cheeks, creating a clear VPL, it was almost translucent, so I could kind of see them from the back. I also noticed the trails of pee had increased in frequency, meaning she was very close to losing it.

I felt my heart beat jump even further and yet a harder hardon. As we came close to her place, she suddenly stopped dead in her tracks and crossed her legs together, her full hands carried her handbag and a few books. The threat of public embarrassment had decided to spare her today, since the street was empty of cars or people walking by. It was around noon, so thankfully a lot of people where still at work or school. She pleaded with herself before gasping. She started losing control as more rivulets of pee flowed down those gorgeous legs of hers, splashing onto the ground. I love that sound. She formed another small puddle on the ground before suddenly running to her house, and she was still peeing.

I laughed and tailed her, glancing at the impressive sized puddle and the continuous trail of pee that disappeared into the grass of the front lawn of her house. Reaching the front door gasping, swearing and yelling at it to open as she fumbled with her house keys, I could tell her floodgates were at critical level at this point. She was leaking all over her porch so much that I could even hear her yellow gold striking the fabric of her panties. She was squatting all over the place, unable to stand still even for a moment. I just leaned against the small with my arms crossed as i enjoyed this.

All that pee, snaking down her dark beautiful legs like a river that splits into different tributaries. I missed it all SO MUCH! Her efforts to hold it were futile at this point but she kept trying to hold it back. "Thank god!" She yelled as she finally opened. I moved to lean against the door as she rushed inside and dropped her books and handbag on the couch, then walk for exactly 5 steps, then stop dead in her tracks with her hands grabbing her already dripping wet crotch tight.

"Nononono..." She silently whispered in horror as she tried to hold it back and failed miserably. The floodgates finally gave way, and like a dam bursting wide open, a tight waterfall exploded from between her legs, splashing onto the floor like a tap that’s been fully opened. The entire lower part of her dress was covered with the liquid gold before it actually soaked through. All I just saw was so many thick rivers of pee rushing down her now soaked legs, filling up and rushing over her heels and splashing on the floor, and a gigantic stream just shooting from her crotch straight onto the floor like someone holding a two liter bottle of water upside down and just emptying it. So much so quickly so loudly.

There she was, shaking slightly as she held her hands to her unbelievably soaking wet crotch, bent over slightly as she peed herself, tears rushing down her cheeks, her legs glistening in the light, pee filling up and in her heels and overflowing which added to a puddle so massive that some of it made its way under her couches and even against the carpet. You could swim in it if you were small enough.

What must have felt like a life time had passed until she was done. The lovely hiss of her pee hitting the her panties died down as the few drips dropped. Then silence. Even though the colour was semi-translucent, the strong scent of urine filled the entire living room, hitting my nose like someone cooking with powerful spices. I was stunned into silence with a saucer-wide eyes and a gigantic shit-eating-grin on my face. But I was so stunned that I couldn't move, no matter how much I tried. Eventually, after I think a few minutes, my body reactivated and I walked to her. Stepping into the puddle, I watched the liquid weakly ripple as I took each step. I then held her shoulder and turned her to face me, gently coaxing her hands to let go of her wet crotch. Cupping her cheeks with my hands, she looked at me as I wiped her tears away.

Then... We just stood there in silence yet again, for I dunno how long. Just looking into each other’s eyes. Her into my blue ones, me into her brown ones...

...Yeaahhhhh, you can guess what happened next. Again...

But! Like I said! I’ma very confidential gentleman, so even though this happened again, I still ain't gonna tell you everything. I gave you something to imagine about the first time, so use your imagination again.

What I will tell you, is that after that dream scenario and the dream scenario that followed after, I helped with a painstakingly funny clean up, then chilled with her for a while, sharing jokes, having some lunch, watching TV and just...chilling, like best friends do. And we also talked about this newfound fetish she discovered. She admitted that embarrassing as this is for her, she’s actually kinda enjoying it. She was just glad she managed to get out of the school with the time she had left. Proper good timing right there. I was just happy, and i finally had all the cofidence i needed to ask her all sorts of questions about this.

After cuddling together and taking a nap since we both exhausted our energy levels today, it was getting late so I headed for the door to go home, that shit-eating-grin still on my face.

"Kamo?"

"Hmm?"

She smiled and kissed cheek. "Please don't tell Ezra."

I smiled back. "Tell him what?."

And just like that, I was on my way home, listening to my music. Feeling so happy.

A few hours later...

I was playing Brutal DooM: Project Brutality, in story mode, killing demons like there ain't no tomorrow. "YOU WANNA PIECE OF ME?!" I yelled and laughed like a maniac as I blasted a Cyberdemon with a BFG.

Suddenly I heard a rather hard series of knocks on my door. Furrowing my eyebrows in slightly annoyed confusion, I paused and got up, and when I opened it, I got yet another shock of the day.

"Kamo." Kara said sharply as she glared at me, her hands on her hips. The shock quickly faded and I found myself smiling. "Kara Sinclair. What a surprise." I said with a cocky smile as I leaned against the door.

She blushed red instantly, the morning's events replaying in her mind. "We need to talk." She said sharply yet again as she tried to regain her composure. And she failed almost miserably as she blushed even more. I chuckled, looked down and noticed she was still on her cheer leading uniform. And I noticed a barely noticeable wet spot on her skirt. Dried evidence of what was almost an accident, but for an Omorashian with a sharp eye, it looked kinda fresh. I laughed, making her blush even more! "S-sh-shut up!" She yelled, and blushed even more some how!

I looked at her with a grin. "Come in. Let's talk." I said warmly yet slyly as I welcomed her in. She glared at me and came in. Heh. Let's see where this goes.

