Time for a Eula/Jean omorashi fic! (Genshin Impact)

Author: Kittensoda

*000*2021-07-02 02:50

Anybody else here like EuJean? I wrote a little fic with Eula snuggling a very desperate Jean and teasing her very full bladder~

Hostage Situation♡

(Crossposted from AO3)

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/32261311

______

"You're so full. Heh."

Somehow, today's after-hours tea time had evolved into this. Eula lay sprawled out on the sofa in the Grand Master's office, with Jean laying in her lap. Her chin rested on Jean's shoulder, low voice in her ear making her shiver. Her arms reached around Jean, holding her close and stroking the tight, full lump of her bladder over her clothes.

Jean squirmed fruitlessly, face flushed. "Eula..." A feeble whimper. "I..."

"You what?" Eula said. Her tone was sharp.

"Oh...!” Jean took in a breath as Eula slipped her hand underneath her blouse, her cold hand meeting her skin. Every muscle in her body tensed. "Oh goodness... Eula come on, I really, really have to go..."

Eula reveled in it all. She massaged her tummy more. "I already know that, so why are you telling me again?" She said stiffly.

"What I mean is... Let me go. Please?" Jean turned her head, looking up into her eyes. Her facial expression was soft and absolutely pitiful, her panting intermingled with soft whimpers.

Eula's heart skipped a beat. But she kept up her act. "Absolutely not. You can hold it longer than that, can't you? Get it together, Acting Grand Master Jean. Are you going to wet yourself like a little girl?" She bit back a smile as she saw Jean turn redder and dart her eyes away.

"Still, you are incredibly full..." She undid Jean's blouse so she could admire her swollen tummy. "My goodness."

"Ungh..." Jean writhed in Eula's lap, a hand gripped tightly onto Eula's arm for support as a wave of pressure washed over her. Her thighs rubbed together furiously, her head shook back and forth for a brief moment as she struggled to regain control.

"You're such a workaholic," Eula kept on. "Knowing you, you probably rarely visit the facilities. And on top of that you drink so much coffee. It's no wonder you can hold so much." She rubbed and rubbed her bare tummy, and then without warning, pressed into her.

"Agh!" Jean stiffened, a spurt of piss escaped into her tights, followed by another slightly longer one. "Eula, stop!"

Eula narrowed her eyes. "What? Are you leaking already?"

Jean let out a small whine.

"Well?"

Jean sighed. "Y-yes..." Embarrassment burned on the surface of her skin. "But I have been holding it for so long already, I..."

Eula made an exaggerated tut tut ."No, no, Jean." She reprimanded her calmly and shortly. "Knock that off. You need to hold it a bit longer."

"I... I do not know if I can anymore, Eula please-"

"Hold it." Her low voice, that sharp expression, the mischievous glint in her eyes. A shiver coursed through Jean and she shut up quick.

Eula felt the subtle trembling of the girl in her arms, her hands gripping onto her so tightly she felt the pinch of her nails through her sleeves. She was just so cute like this, the usually composed and reliable Acting Grand Master, so small and vulnerable with her. She loved that duality so much. She stroked Jean's hair, kissed her cheek. Jean moaned softly, and that was all she needed to hear to know that Jean was enjoying this too.

And Jean was enjoying it. Immensely. Pressure pooled into her lower abdomen, hard and tight, heat radiating from her center throughout her body. Every prod into her tight tummy set her nerves on fire with pain and pleasure. She felt like she was losing herself in it. Still she held steadfast to her order from Eula not to let it out, she couldn't let any of it out... even as she felt it traveling downward, teasing her.

Suddenly Eula pressed into her hard, and Jean whined helplessly as another long spurt escaped her. She jerked up and folded into herself, able to cut off the flow after a few seconds. But as soon as she got it back under control, another assault on her belly sent another leak springing forth.

"Eu-Eula!" Her body wracked with shivers. "It's t-too much...!"

"Come on, just a little longer." She watched with wide-eyed satisfaction as the wet spot on Jean's lap grew. She eased up on the pressure just enough to let her recover.

Jean knew she was dangerously close to the point of no return, holding on by a thread, the pressure inside of her building by the second. She made a move to get up off of the sofa but Eula held her tightly in possessive hug.

"Don't go," Eula said. "Stay right here." She rubbed and teased her tummy just a bit more, knowing her prize was near.

Jean stumbled over her words, body overwhelmed and mind hazy. "Eula... I... at my limit--you--the sofa I can't--"

"Shh. Don't worry about that. I'll clean up." Eula said. "Just let go, right here."

"B-but...! Hahh-" A switch inside of her flipped at the words let go and before she could muster any other objections, her body was giving in.

Sudden loud hissing filled the room as Jean completely lost control; the hot jet of piss pooled into the seat of her white tights, darkening the fabric and soaking through filling Eula's lap with wetness.

Eula held her close, snuggled into her warm face. She gently stroked Jean's slowly deflating tummy as she peed so much onto her lap. The warmth seeped into the edges of her short-shorts and the tops of her thigh high socks, and poured over her bare thighs, overflowing onto the couch and then falling onto the floor below.

"Eula... oh my god..." Jean moaned through ragged panting. Her whole body tingled, she felt like she was floating.

"Relax, let it all out."

Jean leaned into her, exhausted as she continued pissing onto Eula's lap, seemingly endlessly. Eula's strong presence made her feel warm and relaxed right away.

"You're still going, wow." Eula chuckled. "I knew you could hold a lot but good grief!"

"I told you..." Jean chuckled as well, a bit bashful. It was well past a minute before the stream finally slowed and then came to an end.

"How did that feel?" Eula asked slyly. Her hands begin to roam Jean's body.

"Amazing." Jean sighed. "Incredible." She peered up at her adoringly, an honest innocent face that always melted Eula's heart.

"Good. See? I told you it would." Eula planted kisses all along her cheek, her neck, her shoulder. One hand cupped one of Jean's exposed breasts. The other slipped under the front of her tights. "Now I'm going to make you feel even better."

"Ngh... Eula..." Jean gasped. "I am extra sensitive..."

"Good." Eula ran her fingers through her warm wet folds, slick from her pee and from her arousal. She teased her back and forth from her entrance to the hood of her swollen clit. Her other hand massaged her breasts and prodded and pulled at her nipples. All the while she kissed and nipped at her neck. Within moments she had Jean whimpering and squirming on top of her once again, just the way she liked it.

"Ah, hn... Eula, Eula..."

Eula loved hearing her name tumble desperately from Jean's lips and she rewarded her greatly for it. She ran aggressive, sweet circles on her clit until Jean came for her quite easily.

As Jean lay panting in her lap, Eula brushed aside the hair against her sweaty brow. "Good girl." She murmured with a kiss to the forehead.

Jean hummed happily, still basking in bliss.

___

*004*2021-10-08 06:30

Sorry I'm super late but

Thank you for all your nice comments!

I'm really glad you enjoyed it

