A Desperate Fight

Author: Kori

*000*2019-07-22 05:47

A Desperate Fight

{jeez where is August? she's taking forever to get here}

{must be in traffic or something}

She was walking to the shop as she got in, she located Athena and walked to the table, sitting down, "hello.. Sorry I was late" she said.

"well, what are you going to get, August?" Athena said

She looked around, "well, I'm getting a cappuchino, dunno about you", she said, before ordering a large cappuccino, she didn't drink anything the morning, she sorta needed it to notdie.

"oh I've only had an expresso, so yeah.", she claimed.

"I was dying for one!"

She got her coffee as she took a large sip, "heh.. I die for anything in the morning honestly, I cant stay up without it."

"SAME!" Athena exclaimed

"I can't stay up without it either," "don't know how people can do it without it”

She flinched a bit at the exclamation but didn't really comment on it, "Yeah, people have good sleep schedules heh, so.. Hows it in the city?" She asked, as she lived uptown.

"Gets a little hectic, good nightlife though!" she told August

"Heh.. Seems so, its always hectic in the uptown though, kids everywhere, I swear those little buggers will latch to ya.." She mumbled as she slowly finished her drink

"That's nothing compared to here." she responded

"Heh.. Yeah, a lot of bigger familys like to live in the city, sounds hectic, hearing all the sirens and stuff.

"

"well i'm going to shop," "you gonna come?" she responds

"Sure" she said, as she went to pay the bill she was given

"Ok, i'll meet you there!" she said happily

"Hey i thought you were coming!" she said dissapointed

"What? Yeah i am" she said as she followed her a bit, she was sorta seeming to fall behind a bit

"AHHHH!" "You scared me!

"Heh, your easily scared, aren't ya" she said as she walked to her side

"I am..."

"Well i am done with shopping," [Athena is starting to show signs of distress]

"Yeah.." She said as she started to squirm a little bit herself

"You gotta go too?"

"well, it's not too far away."

[Ugh i really gotta pee...]

"Wh..- no I don't" she said, as she tried to cover it up

"I need to too. I can tell you also gotta go."

"too bad it's only a single stall..."

"No i..I don't." She said as the coffee hit her as she all of a sudden got super jittery and squirmy, "o..oh god.. Yes i do.."

"we'd better hurry then! it's not too far!"

~~~~~~~~~~

(at the hallway of the bathroom)

"You're not going before me!"

She went as fast as her bladder would take her, which wasn't too fast, "oh god.. Please.." She mumbled, she was double crossed, she couldnt keep her hands away from her crotch

"Don't you dare steal it from me!" (at this point Athena trips over)

She hesitated a bit before picking her up, she heard a hissung as she leaked a little, "oh god.. No no no.." She mumbled as she stopped the leak

(Athena gets up)

(Athena rushes past August and almost gets to the toilet intil...)

"Aghh!" She exclaimed as she was pushed out of the way, this caused another leak as she pushed hard to stop it

"Don't hit me!"

(Athena shoves August back)

"Hnngg.." She mumbled as she eventually bursted, you could hear the hissing as her pants quickly soaked and it started to spray on the floor, it lasted 45 seconds as she stopped

(August pushes Athena back for payback)

(Athena falls,)

"Nhhgggrrrnnnnn" She says

@@she tries to get up, but it was too late.

@@a miniature waterfall jumped out of her clothes

@@they were both soaked

She had a huge puddle below her as she looked down and covered her face in embarrassment

Athena proceeds to cry uncontrollably

"I'm sorry August!" She said in-between crying

}}

"I..its okay" she said through a covered face, she got teary as her face was pure red

"No it's not!" "I caused this!" she responded

"Hey, its okay, you had to go.. I get it" she said

Roleplay by Toxii and Kori ^^ Hope you enjoyed!

