Tatsumaki's wet day

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-06-13 00:21

It was hot day. Tatsumaki just woke up. She has put on her black skirt-like suit. She wore no panties, she always used her physic powers to hide her down parts with a part of her skirt. Tatsumaki had to pee really bad. She had really weak bladder. She quickly sat on toilet and started peeing. Tatsumaki made herself a breakfast. After eating and drinking glass of water, her phone rang. It was Hero Assocation.

- Tatsumaki, we need your help! Dragon Threat monster has shown up! I'll send you coordinates. - Said the voice from phone, and ended call.

Tatsumaki quickly got to the place where monster was. She thought it would be something giantic, but it was humanoidal monster. It was dressed in white bunny costume with hidden face.

- Hi class S 2 hero Tatsumaki, I'm here to fight you. I heard of your powers. I have something similiar. That's why I am Dragon threat. - Said monster.

- Oh, another self-called dragon threat monster. What will you do, send bunnies at me? - Said Tatsumaki and used her powers to cut the monster in half. But it didn't worked.

- Think you can cut me in half? That's no use. Little kids like you can't kill me, the great Lord Walbor. - Said the monster.

Tatsumaki tried to catch the monster with her powers and crush it's bones. It didn't worked. She tried to throw huge fragments of broken buildings at it, but the monster blocked it with powers same like her's. Suddently Lord Walbor caught Tatsumaki in a physic grip, exacly like what she has done to him.

- You are pretty powerful. But you aren't equal to me. - Said Lord Walbor.

- Are you sure? - Said Tatsumaki, and broke of the grip. She quickly caught Lord Walbor in her grip and tossed him few times into air and into ground, damaging him pretty well. Suddently Lord Walbor caught Tatsumaki in his physic grip. They were both in each other's grips. They could do nothing now.

- Well, you are more powerful than I thought. I'll break few buildings for fun then... - Said Lord Walbor. He got off Tatsumaki's grip, still helding her in his, and started to toss buildings across the city. Tatsumaki couldn't do anything to stop him. From the stress that someome had more powerful powers that her, made her feel urge to pee. Suddently Lord Walbor has put her on the ground, near wall.

- I can read your mind. You have to pee... Maybe I'll make your urge a little bigger? - Said Monster, and suddently Tatsumaki felt her urge rise. She tried to cross her legs, but with no use.

- Stop it! - Begged Tatsumaki.

- I'll not... - Said Lord Walbor, and used his powers to get one water bottle from the closest place. He has set off his grip.

- Now you'll drink this yourself, or I'll break your neck. - He said. Tatsumaki decided to listen to the monster. She drank it in few second.

- Good girl. Now I'll. Make the water go faster to your bladder. - Said Lord Walbor. Tatsumaki felt her urge to grow very fast. She has put both of her hands on her crotch and started doing pee dance.

- Now to see if you are wetting yourself... - Monster started to use his powers to lift up Tatsumaki's skirt. - Wearing no panties, huh? - Said monster and laughted. Tatsumaki was raged. She used all her power to rip off Lord Walbor's bunny suit. It worked. Under the suit there was human shaped magma w monster.

- Now you awoken my true form... I'm now even more powerful than before! Now I can take the whole wo- The monster hasn't finished his sentence. Tatsumaki saw that the monster's whole body was vaporized. Only Saitama stand here.

- Another monster with one punch... - He was saying. - Oh, hi Tatsumaki. Are you alright? - He said when he noticed her.

It was giant shock to Tatsumaki. Class B hero beaten so powerful monster. She was so shocked, that she has forgotten about her urge, and stopped doing anything to not pee herself. Suddently she felt that her crotch was getting wet. Then she felt stream of pee going down her leg. Now she couldn't hold it anymore. She haven't even tried. She just closed her eyes and enjoyed that feeling. Then suddently she heard Saitama's voice.

- Oh, so you peed yourself. - He said.

- Tell anyone and you're dead! - Said angry Tatsumaki.

- Okay kiddo - Said Saitama.

- I'm not a kid! - She yelled.

- Only kids pee themself - Said Saitama, teasing Tatsumaki. They were arguing for quite a while, until they both headen back to their houses.

