Amber's extra close call

Author: Kreed

*000*2020-04-20 18:33

Woohoo! Another one from me! This one follows Chloe's friend Amber. Not sure what I'll do after this, but I'll figure something out. Toodles!

###

It was a friday and the dark-skinned 26 year old beauty that was Amber sat at the reception desk in her white blouse, wrapping nicely around her sizeable breasts, and light grey jeans and normally-sized high heels. She wasn't even supposed to sit anywhere else. It was her job to sit here in the office's lobby, but right now she wished she was sitting elsewhere.

She wished for many things right now. She wished her shift would end sooner, she wished her tight jeans would loosen up and she wished the dull ache in her bladder would stop bothering her so much. She tried not to think about it, but she couldn't help but acknowledge that she hadn't emptied herself in 3 and a half hours.

It all started at lunch - the last time she emptied herself. Stepping out on lunch break with Chloe, she drank a cup of coffee as well as a soda. When it was over, Amber returned to her post. After 2 hours she felt a need to pee start to creep up on her. After waiting for a good time to leave, she went off to the toilet, only to be met with an "out of order" sign and various sounds of old tools and repairmen comming from behind the door.

"Aw fuck." She said silently to herself, pushing her thighs together. Knowing that she couldn't relieve herself now almost made her bladder shrink.

She totally forgot. Managment had told her that at 2 o'clock they'd call in repairmen to install a new toilet seat and sink. That was a good thing, as the previous ones looked to be older than Amber herself. Still dissapointed, she returned to her desk, resuming her work and craddling her filling bladder.

And that's why she is where she is. Holding 3 and a half hours worth of urine in her bladder. Maybe not long for others, but certainly for Amber. It's not that her bladder was small or anything. Quite the opposite. It could hold a lot of liquid. The problem was that it was just so weak. It'd been that way ever since school. She would often have to dash to the little girl's room during breaks.

The lobby was mostly empty, but Amber knew there were cameras around and didn't want her desperate squirming to get archived in the security records. She resorted to just tightly crossing her legs under the reception desk.

"Oh thank fuck." She sighed out looking at the time.

Her shift ended in 10 minutes, something that she was very thankful for. If she had more time, then maybe she'd look for a toilet elsewhere, but she didn't really know where they were. She may have been working here for 5 months, but her duties rarely recquired her to venture too far from her desk. She knew of the closest toilet (the one out of order) and a few others further on the floor. She'd gladly dash to them as soon as she was free to go, but there was another problem: she had to catch her train home.

The cute receptionist would have to endure a little while longer. At least until she gets to the station. It wasn't far. Only about a 10 minute walk. She could use the toilets before she got on her train. She imagined how magnificent it would feel. To undo her belt, unbutton those tight jeans, slide them down, revealing her round butt and the black lace panties she'd chosen for today. Slide them down her thick thighs, sit on the toilet seat and let out a hot stream that had been boiling inside her for far longer than she'd like.

"Oh nonono."

She was snapped out of reality when a strong wave hit her. She uncrossed her legs under the desk and tightly squeezed her crotch. She pushed her legs together and rubbed them against each other, almost crushing her hand with the force of her thighs. The wave soon stopped and she was still dry.

She glanced at the clock. It was "time to get the fuck out" o'clock.

She retracted her hand and slowly rose from her seat. The added gravity did not help, but she soon adjusted. She quickly hobbled to the closest staff room, passing the toilet and still hearing repairmen hard at work. Bobbing up and down she put on her windbreaker jacket, put her purse on her shoulder and stepped out into the street.

It wasn't too cold outside so luckily her bladder didn't have to worry about a big change in temperature. After finding a pace at which she could balance speed and the sloshing ball of piss inside her, she went on to the station. It helped that she'd also changed into much comfortable sneakers, leaving her high heels in the staff room for the next day of work. Lucky for her, there were no obstacles on the way to the station.

"Come on girl, almost there. Almost, oh for..."

As the station came into view, she remembered that she'd have to take the stairs down. With the resolve of a warrior, Amber didn't dare stop and pressed onward. Only slightly slowing her pace, she marched down the stairs into the underground station. Her bladder had been relatively easy to handle so far. Maybe she just overreacted after the office toilet became out of use. Besides that, the statoin toilets came into view and...

Amber halted.

"Oh you can not be serious."

A line of about four other women was stretching out of the women's toilet with who knows how many inside. Amber would have waited. She gladly would have. She absolutely could hold it long enough for all the other women to finish. Hell, she could easily hold it long enough to find another batnroom... but the train wouldn't wait for her.

"Fuck fuck fUCK!" she thought, annoyed.

Amber was totally wrong. She hadn't overreacted earlier. Her bladder was full of hot piss that BEGGED to get out. Now that this toilet was out of reach as well, her bladder ached severely once more. She bent forward, causing her panties to get pushed out against the grey denim over her voluptuous rear, knocked her knees together and began bouncing on the spot. Her left hand even shot between her legs. The station was busy so not many people noticed the beautiful woman breaking down in a potty dance.

It was like school all over again. She felt like a little girl upon seeing a huge line at the girl's toilet after she'd been holding her pee in for hours and she knew well what that could bring to.

She had no time to dwell on school memories though. Her train was leaving soon. She hobbled to the nearest ticket machine, made her purchase, went through the revolving gates and onto her platform.

Amber arrived at the same time as the train. She was so glad for that as she couldn't imagine how torturous it'd be to wait for it. She purpossely got on last so she'd be closest to the door. She wanted to be the first off to run to the nearest toilet. If she could hold it in long enough to still need the toilet by then.

The ride was 20 minutes. The train was rather crowded. It was normal. A lot of people got off work at this time. Amber was glad of it. It was rather noisy so the swishing of her windbreaker, caused by her squirming, passed unnoticed. She kept shuffling her legs and stepping on the spot. She just couldn't stand still! She knew that it would mean very wet pants, if she did.

10 minutes in. Halfway there. Amber was as desperate as ever. She couldn't believe how much she needed to pee. Running out of options, she scooted closer to the pole near the door and pressed her crotch against it. It offered so much help, giving Amber's exhausted lips a moment of ease. She wrapped her leg around it and pressed herself harder against it. She looked like a pole-dancer ready to bust out some moves. The only thing that was busting was her bladder out of her pants.

She pressed herself against the pole harder, but after a sharp jolt and a spurt of pee found out that this move was no good now. She gasped from the small dribble escaping her. Plunging her hands between her legs, she looked down. She noticed her bladder bulging against the waistband of her jeans. Pressing against the pole meant pressing it into her bladder. She was on her own again.

5 more minutes. She could do it. There was now only one hand between her legs. She noticed that the previous leak made her panties wet. It felt horrible. She wanted to let it all out now. After hearing this subconcious thought, her bladder pushed out another longer leak.

"Eep!" Amber yelped.

Her whole crotch felt warm now. She was scared to look down, but she did. Her heart sank. There was a dark wet patch on her grey jeans. About the size of a coin, but she knew it could get way bigger very soon.

Her thighs were viciously rubbing against each other. She was sweating and breathing heavily. She was gripping her pussy with strength never before seen by human eyes. She was so close to wetting herself.

"FUCK! I have to piss so badly."

She was so engaged in the battle against her bladder that she didn't even realize the train pulling into her station. She made it.

"Oh fuck. Oh yes. Please let me finally peee!!!"

The doors opened. There was nothing else she could do other than RUN. As soon as she could fit through them, she bolted to the nearest toilet. Her left hand was still planted between her legs while her right hand was getting her belt open. She could feel her bladder let out more and more drops of pee. She was almost grunting with every step she took.

She rounded the corner. And saw the Ladies' room. No line out the door. Finally.

"Oh Fuck yes, I-I made it."

She dashed in, but was met with a line of three other women who all looked at the woman who'd just thrown herself into the Ladies' room. One of them was just about to go into the only free stall.

Amber stood shaking in place, her thighs vigurously rubbing against each other, her hand firmly against her pussy with a slowly growing wet patch behind it about the size of a tennis ball for now. The strain on her womanhood was unbelievable. With tears in her eyes and a shaking voice she asked: "M-may I... I please cu-ut in line... p-please?"

"Of course." The woman in front said without hesitation, stepping away from the stall.

"Ohmygodthankyousomuch!" Amber blurted out as she threw herself into the stall. As soon as she was in, her bladder began letting it all out. Her pants grew darker, but in the fraction of a second, Amber locked the door, tore down her pants and panties and collapsed onto the toilet seat.

Amber BLASTED all of her pent up piss into the toilet in what may have been the most relieving moment of her entire life. Approximately 4 hours worth of pee crashed into the bowl below. The bulge in her abdomen slowly deflated. Her pussy burned. The force of her stream was so huge that it splashed and got all over Amber's butt.

"Haaaaaah..." She let out a relieved sigh so long that she must've emptied her entire lungs out. She made it. Against all odds, she made it.

Kind of.

Halfway empty and a little light-headed, Amber looked down at her clothes. She saw exactly what she expected to see. Wetness. Her black lace panties were completely soaked and still dripping warm pee. Her grey jeans had suffered quite the damage as well. She'll see how much once she pulls them back on.

After a near minute of peeing, Amber was empty. She wiped herself, shuddering as she stroked over her now sensitive pussy, not that the wipe mattered much. Her panties were wet anyway. She tried to dry them and her jeans off with toilet paper, but that only stopped them from dripping on the floor.

She got up from the seat. Her knees were trembling. She leaned down and grabbed her pants and panties, pulling them over her thick thighs and voloptuous behind. She checked her pants. Yep, also wet. There was a huge dark circle on the front that had started to crawl down the insides of her thighs. It seemed like her butt was less wet, but there was still a noticeable wet patch over her rear.

Tightening her belt back up, she left the stall. The women were still there and they looked down at Amber's wet crotch.

"Oh," said the woman who let Amber go first,"Are you alright?"

"Eh, don't worry," Amber said with a smile, "Accidents happen. Thank you for letting me go first and sorry for the fuss."

"No problem." The woman said with a smile, as she went past Amber into the stall.

Amber went to the sink to wash her hands. She observed her wet pants in the mirror. Because of the grey denim, the wet patch was incredibly noticeable. Still, there was nothing she could do now.

"It is what it is. At least I didn't wet myself completely." she thought. Looking stunning like always, Amber stepped back out of the Ladies' room and continued on her way home like nothing happened.

###

"And that's the time I almost totally wet myself like a little girl!" Amber said, sipping her coffee amidst the surrounding chatter of the café.

"Woah," Chloe said, "Talk about a close call."

"I know. I'm so lucky that woman was nice enough to let me go first though. If not for her, I would've pissed all over the toilet floor."

"Wow. How was the way home?"

"Fine. Some people looked, but that's only natural."

"I bet people thought it was hot." Chloe said, sipping her coffee and crossing her legs.

"I dunno," Amber shrugged, "But it felt SO good to let it all go. Almost worth the pain. Almost."

They sat there, continuing to sip their coffees. It was their lunch break and they'd soon have to go back to work. However, Amber still wanted to do something.

"Now then Chloe," she said, finishing her coffee, "Why don't you tell me how yesterday went for you?" A devilish smirk grew on Amber's face.

Chloe looked at her. After a second she downed the rest of her coffee and put the cup next to Amber's.

"Well... not much better than your incident." she said playfully.

"I'm all ears." Amber said, leaning in closer as Chloe began her tale.

*002*2020-04-21 04:38

{{3 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Now we gotta hear chloe’s tale lol I loved that story

}}

Thank you! And we already have! She's essentially gonna tell Amber of the events of "Getting to work" and "Getting back home". This takes place the day after the events of those two stories.

