Facing the Clock

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2016-05-21 06:16

I have no idea why I wrote this. I suppose this is what happens when I have too much free time on my hands. Thank my college for scheduling my only final in the last possible time slot.

Anyway, I decided to have some fun with this one. So now, because no one asked for it, please enjoy the story of Ciel Soliel's desperate adventure:

###

The grounds surrounding Beacon Academy were bustling with people from all over the world as the Vytal Festival was underway. Eager young hunters and huntresses mixed with excited citizens as the crowd swirled around the many stands of the festival grounds. Vendors waving all manner of wares from cultural foods to souvenirs were barely audible over the ambient noises of the crowd.

The mixing of cultures at this festival was truly a sight to behold. However, one girl- the Atlas trainee, Ciel Soliel- was far more engrossed in the sight of her watch.

“We have precisely twenty-eight minutes and fifty-two seconds before we need to report to the arena. Allowing for the five minutes it should take us to walk there and the additional ten minutes we must allow for preparations, we have thirteen minutes and… forty-three seconds.” She reported to her partner, the eccentric young Penny Polendina.

“Oh. So what are we supposed to do with that time?” The orange-haired girl asked.

“As of now, we have nothing officially required of us, so I suppose we may use this time to explore the festival grounds.”

“Really?” Penny responded excitedly, “Then I think I shall try to find my friends.” She said, already turning down the path and beginning to walk away.

“Excuse me, ma’am.” Ciel interrupted, placing a hand on Penny’s shoulder to stop her, “You will recall General Ironwood’s orders. I am not to leave your side for today. I also believe it would be best not to get too engaged in anything, given our short time frame.”

“Fine,” Penny answered, all of the enthusiasm suddenly leaving her voice, “Then what do you suggest we do with our remaining time?”

Ciel thought for only a moment before remembering something important.

“Perhaps now would be the optimal time for a restroom break?” She said, her voice wavering just slightly.

The trainee let down her free hand, rubbing her thigh to try and distract from the pressure in her crotch. She had felt this need for the better part of the last five hours, but the combination of festival activities and her responsibility to look out for Penny meant she had few opportunities to address it. Now, though, did seem to be an optimal time. Even in many of the worst case scenarios, the two of them should only take about three and a half minutes to use the bathroom. Even accounting for lines, they should be able to address their bodily needs and get to the stadium in plenty of time.

“Oh, no, I am fine. I do not need to use the bathroom.” Penny answered, much to Ciel’s dismay.

This was problematic. Ciel needed to go quite badly, but she was ordered not to leave Penny alone. How was it she did not need to go? Ciel had been with Penny all day, and she never went to the bathroom. In fact, she could not recall ever seeing Penny excuse herself to use the restroom. The girl must have a bladder of steel.

“If you really need a break, I would be happy to wait here for you to return.” Penny said. She then let out a hiccup.

This statement was rather concerning. Was Ciel really being that obvious?

“N-no, no, I was ordered not to leave you alone. Besides, I am sure I can hold it.” Ciel responded. She placed a hand over her stomach, rubbing her bladder in an attempt to counteract the strong forces pushing outward. Ciel was thankful she did not have an obvious tell like Penny did, since she was not totally sure that was the truth.

“Alright, then. Perhaps we could take some time to explore the local stands from Vale?”

“Th-that sounds acceptable.”

The two girls set off to explore more of the booths. Ciel checked her watch again. Twelve minutes, fourteen seconds until they needed to set off toward the stadium. She quivered at the mere thought. Surely she could wait that long, right?

The military-style training of Atlas Academy certainly left her familiar with putting off her bodily needs. However, it also taught her that she had her limits. Right now, it felt like she may be rapidly approaching those limits.

Ciel had not used the bathroom since before she woke up that morning- eight hours, forty-one minutes, and fifty-one seconds ago. This would normally be a challenge, but not nearly as herculean a task as it was now. Unfortunately, an occurrence from earlier that day left the dark-haired trainee in far more dire straits.

The Atlas team arrived early in the day to the grounds of the Vytal Festival. Many of the stands were just beginning to open for the day. There were far fewer people at this early hour, though there was still a good mix of ecstatic training Huntsmen and civilians clamoring to get an early look at the stadium.

Ciel checked her watch, “Our match is not for another seven hours, fifty-six minutes, and thirty-four seconds. We are matched against members of Team CRDL of Beacon Academy. They appear to be a basic ground-and-pound team. Our typical combat strategy should prove effective against them.”

“Then why are we here so early?” Penny questioned.

“We are here to scout out the festival grounds, perhaps gain some information on some of our lesser-known potential adversaries. There are also other events throughout the day. Though, I would say our most important task right now would be to time ourselves and see how long it takes us to get to the coliseum from the festival grounds so that we know how much time to allow.”

As the girls wandered the festival grounds, trying to find the most efficient route to the arena, Penny became distracted and stopped, pointing toward a booth.

“Oh, that looks good.”

Ciel stopped and followed her finger to see a sign next to a booth which read “Free Lemonade to Tournament Participants.”

She looked between the booth, Penny, and her watch before commenting, “I suppose we could stop there for a moment. It is a good idea to keep ourselves hydrated before a fight.”

After three minutes and twenty-two seconds waiting in the short line, the Atlas trainees walked away, each with a large cup of lemonade in hand.

Ciel tried her drink. It was very sweet, much more than she expected. Sweet foods were not a normal part of her diet, and she knew that lemonade was somewhat less efficient for hydrating than plain water. Even still, she had to admit she did like it.

Penny took only a small sip before pulling her head back, a dissatisfied look on her face.

“I do not like this,” She said with a hiccup, “I do not think I can finish this-(*hic*)- would you like to take the rest of it?” She offered the cup to her partner.

Ciel looked over at Penny quizzically, “Are you sure, ma’am? You should try to drink something to keep yourself in optimal performance condition for the tournament.”

“I am sure. I will just drink something else later. *hic*”

Ciel paused for a moment, unsure of what to do about this. The lemonade was quite good and it would be unfortunate to waste it. She reached out and accepted the drink from her partner.

The two cups of lemonade had quickly disappeared, and now, six hours, four minutes, and twenty-eight seconds later, all that liquid was looking for a way out, and fast.

Ciel bent her knees together, flexing her thigh muscles in order to apply more pressure between her legs to assist in holding her need at bay. They were stopped as Penny looked over a stand selling hats that they claimed were special fashion from Vale. That claim seemed rather questionable, as Ciel was certain she had seen people wearing similar apparel in Atlas.

Her eyes continued darting around. Just down the path, past a few more booths, was a set of port-a-potties. Hardly the most ideal facilities, but right now, this was the most tantalizing thing Ciel had ever seen in her life. Still, she had orders from the General. She could not just leave Penny alone.

She checked her watch. They had three minutes and forty-seven seconds until they had to leave for the arena. That would be enough time as long as she managed to find an open location to relieve herself, but a line may interfere with that. If she decided not to go, she was sure to find a restroom in the stadium, or at least the locker rooms. However, that would require her to wait until they got there- a minimum five minute walk from the festival grounds. Ciel could feel her face growing warmer. Why was Penny so resilient?

“Excuse me, are you alright?” The familiar voice of her partner broke her train of thought. Since she had not been paying much attention, this caused Ciel to jump slightly.

This jump was all it took to tip the balance of the dark-haired girl’s delicate equilibrium. She felt a very small spurt of pee soak into her panties. This was bad. Ciel knew from training days that, once she started leaking, she only had moments before the dam burst completely.

“I’m sorry, Penny, but I must use the bathroom. Please wait here!” She pleaded frantically.

Without waiting for a response, Ciel took off toward the port-a-potties. She grasped the edges of her skirt, trying to do all she could to maintain her image as a disciplined Atlesian huntress-in-training as she made a mad dash to avoid peeing herself.

As she approached, Ciel saw the line of toilets, most baring the signs of being occupied, except the one on the end. The door of that one was slightly ajar, meaning it would be available. Ciel brushed her blue-highlighted hair away from her eyes, almost beginning to break into tears of joy as her relief was just a few feet away.

She was so singularly focused on her objective that she did not notice the frantic, slightly familiar, voice quickly approaching behind her. “Really need to pee, really need to pee…” It repeated.

As Ciel neared the door, her right hand was already sliding up her thigh, readying to remover her underwear as quickly as possible. Right as she was about to reach out to open the door, a rainbow-colored streak rushed by her, practically causing Ciel to spin around with the sheer force.

Before she could even process what just happened, the door slammed and locked.

Ciel looked around in a panic. She did not have much time left, but there were no other bathrooms immediately in sight. Her legs quivered as her floodgates strained with all their might not to release all of her bladder’s contents. This was a losing battle, and something had to be done fast.

Immediately, Ciel decided her best course of action would be to retrieve Penny and start heading toward the arena. If she saw an open restroom along the way, they could stop there. Otherwise, she could go when they arrived at the stadium. It was a perfect plan.

Unfortunately, Ciel’s body had other plans. Before she had taken two steps to walk away, she felt a small stream begin to trickle into her underwear.

Her face grew warmer as she quickly tried to assess her surroundings. Within ten seconds, she could feel a light trickle winding down her leg and soaking into her stockings.

She watched for one of the port-a-potties to open. After only three seconds of waiting, though, the steam grew even stronger with no signs of stopping. It was time to use her resourcefulness as an Atlas-trained Huntress to find a new solution to this problem.

With one more look around, Ciel saw that there was a gap behind the row of toilets, leading to a small opening between the stands. This would likely provide enough cover for Ciel to relieve herself while avoiding wandering eyes.

In a split second, she made her decision. Ciel leaped behind the stalls, knelt down in the grass, and checked around her one final time to make sure she was out of sight.

Finally in place, Ciel spread her knees and lifted her skirt. Her right hand hovered under her skirt for a moment. She was completely mortified that she was about to do this in public, but the growing damp patch in her underwear reminded her that now was not the time for hesitation.

Ciel carefully grabbed the crotch of her panties, trying to keep her gloves as free from the steam as possible, and pulled it to the side. From there, she let out a small, shaking breath, and relaxed, trying to let go.

A soft patter sounded as her pee began to trickle onto the ground, through some of it still stuck to her thigh and bottom, soaking into her stockings. She was unable to be concerned with that at the moment, however. She had to concentrate on minimizing the damage both to her clothing and her reputation. Admittedly, it also felt good to finally let this all go.

Eight hours, fifty-two minutes, and twenty-four seconds, two large cups of lemonade, and a day with Penny worth of urine was being released at this moment. Ciel shuddered as goose bumps formed on her skin. It had been quite a long time since the Atlas student had felt relief like this.

Over the course of the next minute and nineteen seconds, her stream varied in power before finally dying down. The pattering sound turned into a soft drip, though a few more stubborn drops were still sticking to Ciel’s butt and legs.

She took five seconds to breathe and compose herself before carefully sliding her panties back into place. The Atlas trainee grimaced as the thoroughly moistened fabric came into contact with her sensitive privates.

As she stood, Ciel looked herself over to assess the damages. Her strategy seemed to have managed to keep her skirt safe from harm, but her stockings did not fare nearly as well. The thigh of her left stocking was soaked almost all the way down to her knee, and both knees of her white stockings had turned much darker after being in contact with the wet ground. It seemed she would have to work “getting changed” into the schedule now.

Smoothing her skirt back into place and putting on her bravest face, Ciel went to go find Penny. Hopefully the girl had not managed to get into too much trouble in the two minutes and thirty-one seconds she had been gone.

Thankfully, Ciel found the orange-haired girl not far from where she had been left, though she appeared to have gained a large sun hat in the meantime.

“Are you sure you’re okay?” Penny asked, looking her partner over as she approached.

“Yes, ma’am, I just… really needed that break…” Ciel answered, trying her best to maintain her composure.

“I can see that. You appear to have wet yourself.”

Ciel blushed again, frantically trying to shush Penny, “Please do not say that so loud! I am sorry, I know I should have communicated my need to you earlier.”

“Oh, it is fine, I know that accidents happen. My friend Ruby told me all about that.” Penny answered with a dismissive wave.

As questionable as this made her relationship with Ruby sound, for once Ciel was happy about her partner’s quirks. She was impressed how accepting Penny was willing to be with this lapse of discipline. She always was such a together girl.

Ciel then cleared her throat and tried to return to a more dignified stance, “Thank you, Penny. Now, given the time, and in light of the given circumstances, shall we head toward the coliseum?”

“Sure. It would probably be good for you to get changed before you get a rash, anyway.” Penny responded happily.

“Yes… well… I appreciate the concern… let us… go then…”

This was certainly turning out to be a rough day. Ciel hoped this would be the end of her team’s turmoil during this festival.

