Desperate on the way home (Omorashi Reader-Insert)

Author: KawaiiApple

*000*2016-07-13 19:14

(I've seen literally no omorashi reader inserts on here. So I decided to make my own! Sorry if it seems rushed! This is gender neutral so anyone can read it! Lemme know if you want me to make more of these!)

Your friend, who you hadn't seen in a long time, invited you to sleep over. It's been a great night and now it was time for you to leave. You decided not to go pee before you left since it was only a two hour drive. Your friend let you take a bottle of (Your Favorite Drink) for the road. After saying your goodbyes, you put your overnight bag in the back seat, hopped into the driver's seat and drove off. You sipped your drink while listening to the radio. About ten minutes later, you felt some pressure in your bladder, telling you that you needed the bathroom.

'Damn...I should've taken a piss before I left.' you thought, squirming in your seat a bit. You ignored the urge and continued focusing on the road. Luckily, there wasn't much traffic. Your throat was feeling a bit dry, so despite the growing pressure in your bladder, you gulped down some more of your drink. Soon, your drink was almost halfway empty and your bladder felt very full. You were constantly squirming now. A half-hour later, you suddenly spurted a tiny bit. 'Shit!' you thought as you quickly grabbed yourself to prevent anymore pee from leaking out. You still had over an hour left before you reached home.

You were determined to hold it until then. 20 minutes later, you were really starting to get desperate. You found yourself looking for places to pull over and pee. But you decided against it, even though you were letting out tiny leaks every now and then. You had to keep one hand on your crotch for the rest of the time you were driving. "I really need to pee..." you said to yourself, letting out a few more leaks. You soon came to a red light, which gave you the opportunity to grab yourself with both hands and squirm like crazy. You looked down and saw that your pants had a small wet spot on them. You were worried about having an accident in the car, so you reached into the back seat and pulled out a towel that you were planning on throwing away soon. You folded it and put it on your seat so you could sit on it. While your car seat was now safe from getting ruined, you still didn't want to have an accident. The light turned green and you continued driving and holding.

You checked your GPS. There weren't any fast food places with bathrooms, but you were only 30 minutes away from home, so you didn't worry about it too much. 30 agonizing minutes later, you saw the sign for your street. 'Yes...' you thought. You were almost to your house. You leaked again, and this time it was bigger. The wet patch on your pants became bigger. You were worried again. When you saw your house, you sighed in relief, which almost made you relieve yourself right there. Quickly, you parked the car and hopped out, squeezing your crotch tightly. You left your overnight bag in the car as you ran to the front door. As you searched your pocket for your pocket for your keys, you hopped from foot to foot, desperate for release.

Finally, you found the keys and unlocked the door. You didn't have much time. You ran upstairs and into the bathroom. Just as you unbuttoned your pants, your bladder decided to empty itself. Warm pee filled your underwear and streamed down your legs, falling onto the floor. You sighed in relief, loving the feeling. Soon, you were finished peeing and you stood there, completely soaking wet. The wet feeling made you embarrassed, but also......you were slightly turned on. Slowly, you walked out of the bathroom and into your room. You needed to...take care of yourself for a bit.

